===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Annie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Bill Grant: Thank you, Annie and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our first quarter 2025 earnings release, presentation materials and supplemental information package, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental information package posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Deborah Acuffaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ. I’d also like to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas 2025 earnings call. Today, we’ll highlight our positive financial performance and growth, our increasing investment activity, and our advantage position capitalizing on the multiyear NOI growth opportunity in senior housing. As we execute on our 123 Strategy, the value proposition for Ventas remains clear. We are focused on delivering superior, multiyear growth fueled by internal and external expansion in our senior housing business, which is benefiting from secular, demographically driven demand and catalyzed by our advantage platform. We expect to be a top grower in the REIT space, projecting 7% normalized FFO per share growth 2025. We possess an excellent financial profile that is improving, and we offer a 3% dividend yield that contributes to total return. Our strong first quarter results highlight our strength and our favorable relative positioning across the broader real estate and corporate landscape. Ventas delivered $0.84 of normalized FFO per share in the first quarter, an increase of approximately 8% powered by our senior housing operating portfolio. SHOP’s 14% year-over-year cash same store NOI growth resulted from meaningful increases in occupancy and rate. Compelling demand supply fundamentals have combined with our operational and portfolio initiatives to create an unprecedented extended opportunity for us to generate multiyear organic NOI growth. Demand remains strong as the over-80 population is experiencing its highest ever growth, and more residents and their families are choosing senior living for the benefits it provides. The over-80 population is increasing by about half a million people this year and again next year, and that number jumps to 900,000 a year between 2027 and 2030. Meanwhile, on the supply side, the number of new senior housing units started in the first quarter of 2025 was the lowest on record at only 1,287 units. Current supply constraints likely extended because of hard cost increases and labor scarcity, coupled with the step function in senior population growth, creates strong and long tailwinds for NOI and occupancy growth in senior housing. And our senior housing portfolio is positioned to capitalize on this unprecedented opportunity. Our communities are located in markets that exhibit over a 1000 basis points of expected net absorption in the coming years, and resident affordability is outstanding. We also continue to increase our participation in this multiyear NOI growth opportunity by executing on our acquisition strategy focused on senior housing. Our investment momentum has continued into 2025, and we see compelling opportunities ahead. We have already closed most of our original billion dollar investment guidance in attractive senior housing communities, and we are now increasing our full year volume expectations to $1.5 billion. These investments should enhance our future enterprise growth profile and our value for shareholders. Even more encouraging, our pipeline is expanding as more sellers bring assets to market, our skilled investment team has grown, and we continue to leverage our data, financial, and relationship advantages to capture attractive opportunities. Within senior housing, we are eager to deploy capital whenever we believe we can achieve compelling risk adjusted returns and create value. The balance of our portfolio, led by our Lillibridge managed outpatient medical business, continues to perform well. Outpatient medical delivered solid compounding growth and continues to benefit from outsized increases in the over age 65 age group, ongoing trends favoring lower cost care delivery settings, and our competitively advantaged Lillibridge property management and leasing business. Finally, we are delivering on our commitment to financial strength and flexibility. Year-to-date, we’ve accelerated our progress on our credit profile, improving both our leverage and our liquidity. At this early stage of the year, we are pleased to reaffirm our normalized FFO per share guidance of 7% growth and confirm our expectations that our SHOP business will represent over half of our NOI by year-end. While acknowledging that the current macroeconomic backdrop presents a high degree of uncertainty, when you step back, Ventas occupies an enviable position in today’s environment. Both sides of the senior housing demand supply imbalance are tipped in our favor, and those conditions should improve materially over an extended time horizon. We have the potential to continue to increase shop revenue from both rate and occupancy growth. Our business model has limited impacts from tariffs and global trade. We have access to attractively priced capital, possess excellent liquidity and a strong balance sheet, and we are well positioned as a preferred acquirer who will get more than our fair share of attractive investments. Coupled with our experience and platform, we’re in an excellent position to outperform and as we’ve said, the whole Ventas team is in it to win it. Justin, I’m happy to turn the call over to you.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I’ll provide updates on first quarter senior housing performance and our investments. I’m pleased that we delivered excellent results on both fronts. I’m happy to report that SHOP delivered double digit NOI growth for the eleventh consecutive quarter as we continue to execute through the OI platform. Our efforts support real time community specific strategies that align with market demand and importantly are executed in partnership with our best-in-class operators. Total SHOP same store cash NOI growth was 13.6%. Revenue growth was 7.4% led by occupancy and rate. In terms of rate, we saw solid underlying pricing from internal rent increases averaging 7%, and very importantly, street rates are trending favorably. Expenses were roughly in line at 5%, and labor expenses were favorable. Same store SHOP occupancy grew by 290 basis points led by the U.S. with occupancy growth of 330 basis points and NOI growth of 16%. The U.S. also significantly outperformed NIC on both rate and occupancy year-over-year growth. The incremental margin was about 50% for the first quarter driven by the operating leverage in the business as we grow occupancy. Demand and move ins in the quarter were strong, and year-over-year occupancy was very good. However, we experienced some seasonality with elevated clinical move outs in March, which causes our jumping off point for occupancy to be a bit lower than expected for the second quarter. The sad part of our business and in fact, when people pass away. It’s also unpredictable. That said, per usual, the key determinant of occupancy for the full year is the timing and slope of the key selling season, which starts today. We are excited about the upcoming months as we expect strong move ins in the second quarter. As we look at the balance of the year, we anticipate another excellent year of SHOP performance, and we are reaffirming our same store full year guidance in our SHOP portfolio of cash NOI growth of 11% to 16%. Now I’d like to highlight our approach enhancing our portfolio composition. I’ve worked with my experienced and very capable team through deliberate actions over time to ensure that we are located in the right markets, right assets, and with the right operators. These deliberate actions, all of which are underpinned by our OI data analytics platform, include acquisitions, dispositions, conversions from triple net to SHOP, transitions to new operators, OI driven operational improvements, and CapEx investments to improve our competitive position. This journey to curate the portfolio has been well underway for a while. However, all things considered equal, the best is yet to come. To our actions to date, our portfolio is positioned with significant embedded occupancy and NOI growth potential. By design, two thirds of the portfolio is in the low 80% occupancy with significant upside opportunity. One example of how we are positioning the portfolio for future growth is our decision to convert 45 Brookdale communities from triple net to SHOP with new operators later this year. These communities are performing really well year-to-date and offer significant upside. We expect to double the NOI in these communities from approximately 50 million to a 100 million plus over time. The five operators we have selected for the transitions are enthusiastic and highly engaged in the transition process. We’ve also expanded our operator base from 10 to 33, enhancing our ability to grow in high demand markets. This includes a new shop relationship with an operator in the U.K. Growing our operator base is important since our 75% of senior housing operators manage fewer than 50 communities in what is a highly fragmented sector. Adding operator relationships is essential to obtaining scale and density in markets as well as expanding our relationship driven investment opportunity set. Our community refresh program has progressed as planned. We’ve completed over 250 community redev projects in the past two and a half years. However, there is more work to be done with a hundred more projects expected to complete by year-end, strengthening our competitive positioning and setting the table for the opportunity to drive outsized NOI growth over time. As we look ahead, our enhanced portfolio composition provides a powerful foundation to capitalize on historic demand growth unfolding in senior housing. With a deep bench of high quality operators, a growing presence in the right markets, and a well positioned asset base undergoing continual improvement, we are strategically positioned to deliver strong, sustainable performance. Moving on to investments. We continue to capitalize on our advantage position as Ventas is a senior housing partner of choice with sellers, brokers, the entire investment community. We have continued to execute on our accelerating run of value creating external growth focused on senior housing in the first quarter. We’ve closed approximately 900 million in senior housing investments year-to-date and 2.8 billion since the beginning of last year, with most of that completed in the last six months. These investments meet our key criteria of 7% to 8% expected year one NOI yields, low-to-mid teens unlevered IRRs, accretive growth, and pricing well below replacement costs. The activity significantly expands our SHOP portfolio, adding 20 newer vintage communities across eight states, including 11 in high demand Texas markets, with strong net absorption potential and over 1,500 basis points of uncapped net demand over the next few years. These communities offer a full continuum of care and are operated by six high quality managers, including three new operator relationships with strong local execution. The underwritten returns are attractive as we are expecting year one NOI yields of around 7.2% on average and a 10-year unlevered IRR in low to mid-teens. We’ve also been encouraged by the initial post-closing performance of the 1.8 billion in senior housing acquisitions closed in 2024. Actual NOI is in line with underwriting at a blended yield of 7.7% in the first quarter of 2025. Our investment pipeline is active and growing as we have now reviewed approximately 30 billion of senior housing senior housing investments, bid on 9 billion and closed on 2.8 billion all since the beginning of last year. Approximately 75% of our closed transactions were relationship driven and sourced off market. We remain flexible and opportunistic, pursuing a diverse set of senior housing investments across markets, asset types, operators, and return profiles. Reflecting our strong pipeline, we are raising our full year investment guidance to 1.5 billion. In summary, we had a strong start to the year, demonstrating solid execution across our senior housing platform. We remain laser focused on advancing parts one and two of our strategy. First, driving profitable organic growth by enhancing operating performance, optimizing pricing and occupancy, and leveraging our data driven Ventas OI platform in close collaboration with our high performing operators. And second, capturing value through external growth with a targeted focus on high quality senior housing acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial criteria. With favorable demand trends, a well-positioned portfolio, and a robust investment pipeline, we are confident in our ability to create long-term value and sustain our significant leadership position in the senior housing sector. Bob?
Bob Probst: Thank you, Justin. I’m pleased to report we’re off we’re off to a strong start for the year. I’ll review our first quarter performance, discuss our reaffirmed 2025 guidance, and close with our balance sheet, liquidity, and capital markets activities. Starting with our overall enterprise performance, we reported normalized FFO of $0.84 per share, representing nearly 8% year-over-year growth. Our total company’s same store cash NOI grew by 7%, led by SHOP increasing approximately 14%. Our outpatient medical and research business or OMAR reported same store cash NOI growth of 1.3% year-over-year. Adjusting for cash fees received in outpatient medical, Omar same-store cash NOI increased by 2.5% year-over-year. Outpatient medical grew by 3% adjusted for the aforementioned fees as fundamentals remain solid. Outpatient medical occupancy increased 30 basis points year-over-year with first quarter new leasing increasing 9% and tenant retention a strong 85% in the quarter. Our research portfolio same store cash NOI contracted modestly year-over-year. This $200,000 reduction in NOI can be explained by 30 basis points of lower occupancy. Pete and team continue to see a solid research leasing pipeline, including from universities. We are reaffirming our full year Omar same store cash NOI guidance range of 2% to 3%. And that’s a good segue to our updated 2025 full year outlook. After a good start to the year, we are reaffirming our previously issued guidance for full year 2025, including our earnings per share measures and property same store cash NOI ranges for each segment. As a reminder, our normalized FFO midpoint of $3.41 represents outstanding 7% year-over-year growth. And consistent with our communication in February, this FFO increase continues to be led by SHOP organic growth and accretive senior housing investment activity, partially offset by higher net interest expense, FX, and dilution from a higher share price. I would remind everyone that the all important senior housing key selling season begins in the second quarter and runs through September. We have updated our guidance for full year 2025 investments focused on senior housing from 1 billion to 1.5 billion as a result of a growing pipeline of deals. We expect the 500 million increase in the investment guidance to close later in the year. So net net, we expect the FFO contribution of the incremental investment guidance to be minimal for 2025. We’ve already largely funded the increased investment guidance with 1.3 billion in aggregate equity raised together with 200 million of disposition activity previously included in guidance and expected to close in the second quarter. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen as a result of SHOP organic growth and equity funded senior housing investments. Our Q1 net debt to EBITDA of 5.7 times represents a 30 basis point sequential improvement from year-end 2024 and a full turn reduction versus prior year first quarter. We expect further leverage improvement in the balance of the year driven by our senior housing growth engine. We also repaid nearly 1 billion of senior notes in the first quarter at a rate of approximately 3% utilizing the proactive senior notes we issued in September at approximately 5%. Our liquidity position is robust with available liquidity of $3.6 billion as of April 2025. This liquidity was bolstered in April by a 750 million increase in our revolving credit facility to 3.5 billion to support our growing enterprise. We had robust subscription from our bank group, which demonstrates their strong support of our platform. For additional 2025 guidance assumptions, please refer to our Q1 supplemental and earnings presentation posted to our website. To close, we’re pleased with our start to 2025. The entire Ventas team is enthusiastic about the future and focused on delivering superior performance for our shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first call our first question comes from the line of James Cameron with Evercore. Your line is now open.
James Cameron: Good morning. Thank you. Justin, you always give great statistics on the SHOP update. And I’m just curious, what other color can you provide about sort of the dynamic when you get to 85, 80 seven, 80 eight type occupancy? How that translates to margin expansion? Pardon me.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. Yes. One of my favorite topics. So, we are, in this period of growing occupancy and and facing a period of significant more occupancy growth given the demand that Debbie outlined that we’ve been seeing over the past few years and especially over the the upcoming years. So this question starts to become more relevant the higher occupied you get. What we tend to focus on is simple rules of thumb. One is that when you get to 90% occupancy and you look backwards, you should have achieved around 50% incremental margin during that journey from 80% to 90% occupancy. Same when you get to a 100%. When you get to 100% occupied and you look backward to 90%, you’ll see about a 70% incremental margin. The operating leverage in the business is what allows for this. At a certain point, you’re fully staffed. Most of your expenses are expenses are fixed. You have some variability in expenses, why which is why there’s still some margin. But the it’s one of the powerful aspects of the business model and as we grow occupancy certainly, in itself is a great opportunity, but margin expansion is as well as occupancy growth.
James Cameron: Thanks. And then the genesis of the question is I was kind of looking at you need to provide very helpful information on the page 11 of the supplemental regarding the Canadian portfolio and maybe that’s a decent proxy, maybe it isn’t. I don’t know if the operating dynamics are that different. But you’re able to extract still perhaps double digit NOI growth at 95% occupancy because you seem to be getting 5% to 6% RevPAR growth. But at some point, you have no more occupancy to gain. But is it still achievable then to get double digit NOI growth from a portfolio at that time?
Justin Hutchens: Well, so first of all, we’re really happy to have a very high quality, high performing Canadian portfolio. It’s been an excellent contributor to NOI growth for us even at high occupancies, around 97%. It’s still been delivering. It’s one of my favorite examples around full being full in this sector. If you’re 90% or 92% or 95% occupancy, you’re not full yet. And Canada is demonstrating this to your point. So they’re at 97%. They’re still growing occupancy. We’ve had relatively good rate performance. We’ve had good increases, but we’ve also in terms of rent increases, but we’ve also had mix impact as our assisted living portfolio in Ontario has picked up occupancy growth, and that’s helped RevPAR as well. At some point, it’s probably not a double digit grower. This is something that’s probably more clearly in the single digits, but it’s been encouraging to see the performance in in recent years even at high occupancies.
Debra Cafaro: And Justin, Jim, thanks for noticing page 12. It’s a good new page for investors. And Justin, could you touch on really the two thirds of the portfolio where we have significant occupancy upside in the margin and NOI growth in that because that’s really a lot of where your efforts are focused with the team.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So the on page 12, you’ll notice this is one my other favorite topics because it’s been a lot of work in the making to get to this point. We decided I’ll call it five years ago. When we got to this point where we are at today, we need to be well positioned to capitalize on the demand that we’re seeing in the marketplace. You could see it coming. We looked at our portfolio, and we started taking actions to make sure that we’re in the right markets, first of all, that would generate, strong net absorption and strong affordability. And to do that, we acquired a 90 communities. We sold over a hundred communities. We’ve transitioned over well over a hundred communities from the triple net structure to the shop structure. And what that did is it’s brought in communities that have lower absolute occupancy. So what this graph shows is that group’s 79% occupied. The rest of the U.S. is 84%. Canada, when you include everything because it’s outside of same store, we have some lease up communities there as well as 95%. The big opportunity for occupancy growth is in the U.S. And the portfolio, as I said in my prepared remarks, that low eighties occupancy is well positioned for a lot of occupancy upside, but it’s also in markets that should deliver that opportunity. And then when you layer on the actions we’ve taken through investments in the assets and making sure we have the right operators in place to deliver the successful outcome, we feel really good about how well positioned we are.
James Cameron: Thank you for all that information. I’ll get off the line. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kilichowski from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Kilichowski: Good morning. Thank you. I would just like to talk about the investments that you made this quarter and just kind of looking at the change this quarter versus last quarter. And I wanted to ask about basis. It looks like your cost per bed took a meaningful step up. I’m curious if that’s to do with the competitive landscape or just where you’re buying. And then also if you could give color on what’s replacement cost in the markets that you’re buying in. I’d like to know if, you know, you’re you’re operating still at a pretty steep discount or if we’re starting to buy above that.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. Thanks. Great question. So when you look at the profile of what we bought, you mentioned, you know, the per unit numbers. It was around, what, $2.70 last year, $3.50 in this this recent tranche of 900 million. So there’s a step up in in the per unit values. A couple drivers behind that. One of them is that they’re newer communities. So we’ve had newer vintage communities that we bought in this tranche around seven years on average. Inherent in in doing so, you’re going to spend more on a per unit basis. They also happen to be in in as good as the as the markets were that we entered last year, these are even better. So we have, stronger affordability. We have better, net absorption and uncapped net demand. I mean, it’s a thousand basis points in net absorption, uncapped demand of 1,500 basis points. They’re in markets, that have, those characteristics, and then we also added some very high quality operators. So the quality of the portfolio, I would say, is a step up. The combined portfolio is going to deliver excellent outcomes for us. One other, thing that you noted that I’ll note is that there’s clearly some cap rate compression because we were reporting year one, yields of seven last year. In fact, I mentioned in my remarks, we’re realizing that as well. This year, we’re pointing to a seven two, so there’s compression. Having said that, we’re still investing within the range. So the weighted average, obviously, is into the lower sevens, but we’re still seeing opportunities that are up towards eight. So it’s a little bit of both. In terms of replacement cost, we’re still buying below replacement cost of significant discount to replacement cost even at the $3.50 a unit.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And as we as we’ve discussed, the replacement cost is rising for a host of reasons including hard cost inflation, labor scarcity. And so, in most of these cases, you would expect the replacement cost to start with the 4, and so we’re still buying at a significant discount to that. And with unlevered return expectations in the low to mid-teens, which obviously is important when we’re looking at the risk reward proposition for these investments.
John Kilichowski: Alright. Very helpful. Thank you. And, Justin, just to confirm, you said a $7.02 is roughly the number you’re looking at for the entire 1.5 guide or am I misconstruing that?
Justin Hutchens: No. It’s the 900 million that we closed.
John Kilichowski: Sorry. The 900. Okay. Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. Justin, can you give us some more color on the performance of the Brookdale assets that Ventas is going to be taking over and or at least transitioning to the seniors housing operating portfolio? I know I think your prepared remarks saying that the EBITDAR is around $50 million. I believe last time the update was in the mid-fifties. So has that changed or should we expect that to change, when you start to transition those assets, when that occurs?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So I’m probably going to hesitate to give you the exact number. We’ll give you we’ll update that when we get to the period of actually transitioning. But what I’m encouraged about is a couple things. First of all, these are communities that are in transition. So there’s always, heightened awareness of that and extra focus that we put on communities when that’s happening. The 45 communities that are transitioning to new shop operators are actually outperforming the least assets that are staying behind in a lease. That’s exceptionally supportive of the decision we made, but also just our encouragement around, where they should be performing when we actually make the transition. A couple things about that. So we’ve been on the ground quite a bit in these communities. We’ve been engaged with the five new operators that are taking them on. They’ve been in communities as well. I’ve visited several of these, and it seems pretty consistent with exactly what we expected, which is, when you have a these communities, very high quality communities that are located in rate markets, but can benefit from some additional focus and especially investment into the asset to be competitively better positioned. There’s a lot of excitement on the ground when you when you tell that story. So it’s been really fun to be interacting with the teams and laying out the game plan for when these transition later this year. And I do think it’s notable to point out that they’re outperforming, the rest of the current portfolio with the that we have with Brookdale.
Michael Carroll: And I know with most transitions, usually, is a period of disruption where you could see EBITDAR dip lower as you’re kind of moving in the new team. I mean, should we expect that to happen with these specific assets, or is it going to be more seamless than, like, the historical examples?
Justin Hutchens: Well, it’s a wait and see. But the I can tell you that we have through the number of let’s see. We’ve had almost 200 communities that have transitioned to new operators in our experience over the past several years. In that experience, particularly in this circumstance where you have a an community that’s performing behind market and will benefit from the new investment, we’ve seen good growth opportunity. Whether or not there’s a little disruption in the period of transition, we have seen growth to follow. I’m going to give you an example of this. We actually have a case study on that same page that that Debbie highlighted, page 12. We had 41 transitions that we completed in 2023. It was mostly independent living communities. Those communities are now in our same store pool. So in the first quarter, we were able to report on year-over-year results, and those results have been 820 basis points of occupancy growth. They’ve outperformed where we’re located in the next top 99 markets. We’ve outperformed by 480 basis points, and year-over-year NOI growth has been 40%. So when we look at the Brookdale opportunity, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute, and we’ll do everything we can to try to mitigate any potential disruption. But, of course, disruption can be inherent in in transitions, but the results that we’ve been realizing through our experience have been really good.
Michael Carroll: Great. Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Justin, I guess, want to dig in a bit more into the March comments you made about sort of move outs. I know it’s unfortunate. Is that due to like flu or some specific properties? And has that trend continued into April?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, Vikram. It’s ironic you’re asking this question because we had a we had an interaction on the last earnings call around this topic of seasonality. And when we talked about it last time, I was mentioning that, we although there’s been some periods where we’ve had counter seasonal results, there’s always the opportunity to experience seasonality. And what I had in my mind at the time was the flu season around the U.S. was elevated. Interestingly, there’s no correlation in these clinical move outs and the flu season. In fact, it’s uncorrelated to any specific trend whatsoever. It just happened. And it’s important that that our investors understand that our move in activity is very good. It’s in line with last year, which is one of our best years ever. The tour activity, move in activity that we anticipate in the key selling season should be very strong. This was a move out issue, and it’s entirely driven by these clinical move outs, which are unfortunate. It’s a sad part of the business, and they’re unpredictable. That’s really the color I have on it.
Vikram Malhotra: No. Makes sense. You’re absolutely right. I did ask you the question. I think and you had said that you baked in normal seasonality into the guide. So, this is obviously in line with what you said. Just maybe on the pricing side, your full year still is four and a half. You had really good bumps, and you’ve kept that intact. So does that essentially suggest pricing power sort of accelerates through the year on a year-over-year basis? And, do you mind sort of giving us a view between Canada and the U.S? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So pricing, like I said in my prepared remarks, has been really good supported by internal rent increases. It’s supported by our street rate growth as well. In fact, when you adjust for the leap year, which is a simple calculation, you just add to the calculation for rev four is revenue divided by occupied units. You just add a step and divide by days, which is important, if you want to get to a good comparison when there is a leap year because we do have one operator that actually builds on a daily basis. So that number, when you when you run that calculation, is around 5%. So good, pricing year-over-year on a leap year adjusted basis around 5%. We’re off to a strong start. So, that’s the rest of the year remains to be seen. We have a lot of the year left to play out, and it it’s in what’s typically a good very it’s the strongest demand season for us in the key selling season. And then Canada, you mentioned too. So, Canada has had good pricing opportunity as well and we’ve had, in Quebec, we’ve had a little bit more opportunity to pass along rent increases because, the regulatory body that that oversees that has lightened up, the restrictions there, which has helped us to pass expenses through, which were which are always part of the operation every year. Ontario has always been a little bit better. It’s been a lot better for us, though, in recent years because of the lease up we’ve had in our assisted living portfolio, which is higher price points. So we’re getting a mixed impact as well. But good pricing power, an opportunity really across the board.
Operator: Alright. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Debbie, in your initial comments, you did talk about the high degree of macro uncertainty. Guess, but you guys have also discussed the strong move in tour activity. It sounds like through April, can you just walk us through a bit this leasing season and the importance of let’s say housing or anything else we should be watching as risk to the coming month to increasing that occupancy in senior housing? Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Hi, Jeff. So, yes, there is a lot of macro uncertainty. We all know that, but what we believe at Ventas is that senior housing is one of the, if not the top asset class within real estate, and there’s a lot of reasons for that as you mentioned. The demographic demand is extremely powerful. The supply picture is as muted as it could be. And if it’s three years start to finish and you’re seeing increased cost to build and you have a step function in the senior population growth starting in 2027, you can see why these strong tailwinds should benefit us for a very extended period of time. And so we feel really good about that. In terms of the demand at the doorstep, as Justin likes to say, we are seeing, strong demand, and we this is the key selling season and so we have good expectations for strong activity. In terms of the housing market, there is modest correlation, and the housing market actually just saw a big jump in pending home sales. Most seniors don’t have mortgages on their homes. And our residents, when you think about the 75 population, the average net worth of those households is a million sick, so we continue to have good affordability. I said it was excellent. So all of these trends really combine to give us a lot of optimism about this extended multiyear NOI growth opportunity in senior housing that Justin and the team in collaboration with the operators is really focused on delivering.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. And then clearly, the focus is on senior housing. Can you talk a little bit more about the strategy around the research portfolio? Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, our 123 strategy is really focused on senior housing with the first, of course, being driving organic growth, the second being expanding our participation and elevating our growth rate by investing in senior housing. And then the third is to maximize performance in the rest of the portfolio. The outpatient medical is at about 20% of that business, and it’s of our business, and it is going strong, continuing to deliver that compounding growth. Research is the smallest. It’s a single digit kind of NOI contribution all in. And our strategy is really what number three is, which is to maximize the NOI opportunity there. And what I would just leave you with on that is that we’ve built this life science portfolio differently, and that is it’s a, three quarters of the tenants are credit tenants, and we have a nine to ten year wall. And so that portfolio really was built to be steady and stable even during, more challenging times. And so we feel good about that even though that segment certainly has its some challenges right now. So our strategy is to maximize NOI, and it’s a credit business, and Pete and the team are going about doing that.
Jeff Spector: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson with Wedbush. Your line is now open.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, good morning. Justin, you talked about the Brookdale transitions to RIDEA, the assets outperforming those that are staying behind in the net lease model. I guess the question is, how much money are you leaving on the table there? Did you foresee that delta, when you made the deal with them? And, just curious, if you had just sort of done everything all of it as opposed to some leaving some behind with Brookdale, if that would have been the better option.
Justin Hutchens: Hey hey, Rich. You broke up Let me through, I think…
Richard Anderson: Okay. I’ll use my…
Debra Cafaro: Rich, we’ll take that offline, but I think it’s fair to say that the entire Brookdale portfolio is generally improving in performance. We like the 45 assets that we’re moving to shop and the that are remaining are also, performing well. And the way that we’re improving NOI in that remaining lease is through a significant rent increase on lease renewal. So we’ll come back and get back to your question because you broke up offline.
Richard Anderson: Okay.
Operator: All right. Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning, everyone. So I guess focusing on shop, I mean, clearly, the way the stock is before business morning, I think there’s some concern just around same store NOI growth kind of slowing this quarter relative to the 15% plus you’ve kind of been putting up. I don’t know whether you can kind of talk to that, whether there were just some idiosyncrasies with this quarter. I think you just kind of mentioned some move out activity in March. And kind of going forward, how once you kind of think about, hitting it to the lower or higher end of your 11% to 16% full year guidance?
Bob Probst: Yes, Omo it’s Bob. I’ll take that one. So we’re pleased with the first quarter 14%. Very good start, in fact, above our expectation internally. And that was really that was RevPOR that was labor, so a good start there. And we’ve highlighted multiple times so far that in terms of phasing, we expect the second half on a year-over-year basis to be higher than the first half. And as always, beat the drum here. It’s the key selling season that is the determinant of that. So from our where we sit, strong start, ahead of expectation in the quarter and the phase inconsistent with what we’ve been saying.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. I guess the pushback is, again, if you just kind of take a look at seasonally in 01/2024, you are kind of above your current same store NOI growth. And I don’t know whether it’s again, whether it’s just harder to get you over your occupancy gains. I guess just trying to figure it out of getting people comfortable with the idea that the higher end is achievable.
Justin Hutchens: Alright. Let me address this, Justin. So as we look ahead, like I was saying, we have, significant occupancy upside in the portfolio. There’s various things that impact performance at different times. I remember last year, we had agency coming out of system, that was benefiting expenses, and so that that gave us an opportunity for outsized performance. What we have happening now, and I was trying to articulate earlier, is a lot of action that is underway, but the best is yet to come so we have a strong conviction around the growth opportunity. Like I said, we have a hundred more projects that we’re refreshing this year that are they’re underway. We have all these new operators that we have added, a lot of which, are coming through acquisitions, others that we’re bringing in to through transitions over time that we’ve done. They are getting they are finding their sea legs. And so and we’re never ever stopping focusing on trying to improve performance. I mean, this is this will be a continuous improvement in performance opportunity. My team fixated on that. So we’re not ready to say we haven’t seen the that we’ve already seen the best we’re going to see. I mean, we’re just now also getting into the strongest period of demand that the sector’s ever seen by a long shot. So I think the best is hopefully, all things considered equal, the best is yet to come.
Omotayo Okusanya: I appreciate those comments. If I may ask one more just on the on the life sciences, the part of the business. Again, Debbie, just with this potential change in NIH funding where the indirect cost match from the federal government can get capped at 15%, have you taken a look at just how high that number has been at all the universities you’re involved in and whether that could become a real issue going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Tayo. Yes. We do business with the leading biomedical research institutions in the country, and we have a detailed understanding of the so called indirect cost. I would I would tell you that it first of all the proposal that the administration put forward is on hold, and so it has not been pushed through. If it were to be pushed through, there would be an impact that would be, on average, maybe a, mid-single digits impact to the overall research budget for most of the leading universities, and that is manageable in light of the AA credit rating that we have in our portfolio for the university tenants as well as the nine to ten year walls. So these are juggernauts who have a lot of resources to weather the storm.
Omotayo Okusanya: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Tayo.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Juan Santabria with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Juan Santabria: Hi. Just on the acquisition front, given the $500 million incremental that’s added to the guidance that you said is back half loaded, is there the expectation then or should we be thinking that there’s maybe a temporary pause until deals that are reloaded? Is that fair to kind of assume just given the timing of your guidance? Or is there other stuff that could fill the interim that could happen pretty quickly here?
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. So, I just stepping back for a minute. One thing I highlighted in my prepared remarks intentionally was the amount of the 2.8 billion that we’ve done. Most of that over the past year, including being last year, happened over the last six months. And so we’ve had this acceleration of investment activity. We, added another 500 million. We have good line of sight on the 500. We have a pipeline that that is much bigger than that. So we’re going to keep working on finding opportunities within the pipeline and some that are maybe not there yet that have, the criteria that we like, which is, first and foremost, an asset that will deliver, strong IRRs. It’s low to mid teen unlevered IRRs. And we’re flexible with the type of assets we’re looking for. We’re looking for a good combination of high quality, strong markets growth. That’s all completely continuing, Juan. It can be lumpy, like because you have, you have a period of time where, you are working, access a deal and then you work to close the deals. And so there can be lumpiness in terms of when you actually deliver deals to close, and I think that’s the point we’re trying to make.
Juan Santabria: If I could ask a follow-up on the shop and the clinical move outs. You noticed noted a kind of a lower endpoint or starting point for the second quarter. Would you guys be able to or can you provide the March 31 year-over-year figure or the occupancy was on for the same store pool just so we can calibrate and kind of fully take into account that that move out impact?
Bob Probst: Yes. Juan, so I want to make the first point, which is moving strong. First quarter, expect to be strong. Second quarter, we were 290 year-over-year first quarter. We reaffirmed 270 full year balance of the year. Clearly, the jumping off point or start point of the second quarter is lower because of the mortality that Justin mentioned. And clearly, in reaffirming the guide, if you just do the math balance of the year, it’s below that 290 number. But, I think it’s right to say we shouldn’t not look at spot numbers. We should look at trends. We should look at, the year and really focus on the on the move ins and the key selling season, which is right in front of us. So that’s how we think about it.
Juan Santabria: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Bersy [ph] with Citi. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Kind of going back to the yields, is there any thought about acquiring more type of four plus assets versus the newer, maybe better position in the market assets where you can leverage the Ventas platform, your network of operators and Ventas OI to kind of drive a higher yield?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Seth. It’s Debbie. I would definitely confirm that we are eager to deploy capital, when the acquisition or investment opportunity provides good risk adjusted return, when it provides the kind of low to mid-teens, unlevered IRRs that we’re looking for, which is which is paramount when we can buy below replacement cost. And our aperture for investments is, pretty broad based, and we certainly will consider different types of profiles to get to the that unlevered IRR. They could be lower occupied, higher occupied, but it’s all about the risk adjusted return that we see in the asset and the replacement cost, and that’s really where our investment team is focused.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks and hello everybody. Bob, you hit a little bit on my first question, which is going to be that the comment you previously made about expecting same store growth in senior housing to be better in the second half versus the first half. Can you just give us what the biggest drivers of that improvement is? Because clearly, you alluded to occupancy being lower. So is it RevPOR growth reaccelerating versus the first half of the year? Is it something on the expense side that’s driving that reacceleration or just changes to the same store pool? Just any color you can shed on that. Thanks.
Bob Probst: Well, I would I’d really point to what we saw in the first quarter so far and, kind of the balancing items. Obviously, the demand was strong in the form of move ins, and the key selling season is the vast majority of the full year move ins. So that’s point one. As you go down to the P&L, we mentioned RevPOR was was favorable in the first quarter, both in terms of in place and street, both performing well. I would highlight on the OpEx, which we really haven’t talked about, 5% on OpEx in the first quarter year-over-year, in line with our full year guide. When you unpack that, and we gave this in the in the deck, you can see labor versus non labor are actually trending quite favorably, and that’s very encouraging. And so as we look at it, the composition of it, that first quarter is encouraging, and I’m going back to the key selling season, but that’s what we saw so far.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. And then, Justin, maybe what do you attribute to the reacceleration in RevPOR growth on a leap year adjusted basic basis, is it more mix related to the assets where you’re growing occupancy? Or is it more function of the street rate growth you guys have highlighted a few times?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So we have a very deliberate effort through our OI platform and the team that delivers those insights to our operators to focus on price volume optimization. And in doing so, we’re looking for, quite frankly, just to be priced right. We all set pricing, but we give guidance in terms of where we think the opportunity is to either obtain price or to deliver, occupancy growth. And through those efforts, we’re seeing, encouragingly moving rents have been, stronger than we’ve seen in recent years. So we’re starting to see a pickup on from a street rate slash moving rent standpoint. We had 7% internal rent increases, and I always like to remind everyone, Debbie especially does too, that we still have relatively low occupancy. So we’re put we have good price opportunity even in occupancy that’s, around 84% in the U.S. Canada is also benefited from those trends, but it’s also benefited, from the mix shift as well. But the U.S is more around the deliberate actions that that our operators have taken with some insights from us as well to deliver better pricing.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyak with Green Street. Your line is now open.
Michael Stroyak: Thanks and good morning. Maybe going back to the research segment. Can you just remind us how much of the tenant base is in the traditional biotech sectors and what the average wall is specifically on those leases?
Debra Cafaro: I’m going to turn it over to my colleague, Pete [ph], for a second. But, again, 75% of the single digit NOI that we get kind of all in from research is credit tenants with well, it’s between 9% and 10%. So in some senses, Michael, it’s a inverse of that, but I’ll turn it over to Pete to provide more specifics.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Yes. So as Debbie said, about three quarters of the tenants are investment grade in 50% are universities with that AA rating. So it’s really a strong tendency, very different than most. Just to give you a perspective, at Shear, we have about 6 million square feet of space in the research portfolio, and only 148,000 square feet are in the three most stressed, cities, which is San Francisco, Cambridge, and San Diego. So it’s a very different portfolio that’s been built. Having said that, about the remaining 25% is a mix of retail, biotech, flexible innovation space, and so forth. And about half of that are revenue generating, they’re kind of past their inflection points. So we think about roughly 12% of our portfolio is kind of the earlier stage biotech or innovation flex space. And at least terms for those are typically for the innovation spaces, those are ten years plus and for the, pre revenue biotechs, they’re usually five to seven years.
Debra Cafaro: And, Michael, one final point on this. I mean, it, I believe Bob mentioned it, but we are continuing to see, really good institutional demand, for the portfolio. And that really runs across highly rated university users, medical research and medical users, and some of our non cluster markets which have basically no new supply. So that when I mentioned that these organizations are juggernauts, I mean, they’ve got, fifty to hundred year plans. And we really are in a in a good position because we’re seeing very current LOIs, leasing active activity, and other interest from these institutional users in the portfolio, and we’re trying to take trying to capitalize on that. So the near term on those users, continues to show good activity and interest.
Michael Stroyak: Got it. That’s helpful. Maybe just sticking with that point then, like, where do you expect occupancy to trend over the next twelve months within the research portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, right now, we’re reaffirming the Omar, same store cash NOI growth of 25 to 3%
Bob Probst: I would highlight in the total research portfolio that we have a number of the assets in up in redevelopment mode, notably in Philly, which is having an impact on occupancy. But, we believe that those redevelopments are going to be value creating, and so that’s a it’s a timing issue.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ron Camden with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ron Camden: Great. Hey, just two quick ones for me. Clearly, conversions really jump out and the success that you’ve had. I think I asked this last quarter as well, but as you’re sort of relooking the NNN portfolio, is there ways to creatively create more conversion opportunities? Just can you talk us through just know, the puts and takes there? Because it would seem like, financially, it would make a lot of sense to do more.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. So we’ve certainly have put a lot of energy into that, given the number of conversions we’ve had. We’ve talked about Brookdale. One we haven’t talked about yet is the U.K. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we have new operator, and that came by way of converting triple net to shop. There’s 11 London area and Southeast England area care homes that were in a triple net portfolio. They’re now shop. They’re operated by CCG, who is an operator who has who’s known for turnaround, redev, and they’ve grown their enterprise to a hundred locations across England, Scotland. So we have that right operator. We’re in some markets that I’m particularly excited about. One is we’re right in between Walton On Thames and Richmond On Thames. And if you know that that part of the of England, you might know Hampton Palace, which is a great place to visit. It’s my old stomping grounds. Our location is right near the river, great campus, very well run care home that has particularly very strong price and occupancy opportunity with investment. So with the right operator and with the right investment into the community, I’m really excited about that and several of the other locations. And I’m also excited to have a shop portfolio in the U.K. now so we can we can, you know, lean in a little bit, over time into that market, which also has very strong fundamentals. Having said that, the U.S., remains our first and foremost priority, and we have tremendous opportunity in the U.S. But we do keep looking for opportunities to convert from triple net to SHOP, and that’s the most recent example.
Ron Camden: Great. Helpful. And then I just want to go back to the acquisition slide in question. I think the slide makes it looks like cap rates are compressing 50 basis points, which this may not be apples-to-apples. But I guess I’d love to hear more competition, cap rate trends, bit more color on that, on what you’re seeing in the pipeline? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. It’s it I mean, it these are when you compare the activity of last year to the activity this year, these are two big samples, of what we’re what we are able to demonstrate in the market. One was seven last year, seven two this year. So clearly, there’s cap rate compression. But it’s also still in our stated range that, quite frankly, we established a year and a half ago, of seven to eight. And then unlevered IRRs IRR still remain, is really exactly where they were, which is, low to mid-teens and, a great opportunity to acquire both yield and growth, in these communities that we’ve been purchasing. There is more competition. And clearly, given how strong the senior housing fundamentals are in the sector and the standout asset class amongst real estate, more players are coming to the table. But that’s when the advantage platform that Ventas has really starts to shine. We enter deals, with the track record of having closed, all these recent transactions and a credibility of delivering out what we say we’re going to do. We deny a financing contingency when we enter deals. We have a platform to manage scale and senior housing that is unrivaled, by the entire capital sector that faces the industry except for one peer. And, therefore, we feel very good about our opportunity to continue to compete. And we are also benefiting from the relationships we have in the portfolio. Like I said, 75% of our deals have been born, of these relationships, and it that’s advantaged us as well. So, yes, we’ll see more competition, and we’ll also be ready to continue to compete.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the call of Nick Yulico of Scotiabank…Okay.
Nick Yulico: I’ve experienced that a lot in my life. Good morning, everyone. So I guess just maybe just going back to the commentary on the move outs in March, the clinical outcomes. I was just hoping to get a little bit more of maybe the math, you could flesh that out a little bit because I think what we and some others are kind of struggling with right now is if you have 60,000 units in your senior housing same store pool, how could mathematically your occupancy really be affected by some level of clinical move outs?
Justin Hutchens: I mean, it’s the we’re not probably going to get into the exact numbers, but the simple answer is our move in activity was consistent with last year. Our move out activity was higher, and it’s driven by the mortality rate being high. So you just have a relative to our original expectation, you have, a lower jumping off point. And they happen late in the quarter, and that’s what impacts the jumping off point. So it does have an impact. I mean, just like, conversely, the key selling season, which was which is substantially all of the net movement activity happens, that has the opposite impact. We tend to see around 10% more move ins during that period. Usually, see around 5% less move outs. Together, that’s what the key selling season delivers, May to September and delivers all that occupancy growth that that we hope to see again this year. So that’s just how the seasonality tends to play out.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then and then, I guess, just going back to I know you your company, others in the industry have moved away from wanting to give monthly data. And I think it was asked earlier about where was March occupancy and so I guess I’ll try asking again about if there’s any way you could give a feel for how March occupancy is, how April is trending. And the reason I’m asking is that I think you guys kind of opened the door to this being a natural question when you said that the jumping off point is lower to start in the second quarter. As everyone’s looking at testing your guidance assumptions, I know you’ve already said that you feel good about your full year guidance, but people are thinking about impacts potentially to the guidance or even how you could exceed guidance, it would be pretty helpful to understand where March and April occupancy is for the portfolio.
Bob Probst: Yes. I think you’re right, Nick. To say that the industry has gone away from that sort of, timing in light of the fact is we should all be focused on the trends. I’ll say again, you can do the math and say in 290, first quarter270 full year plug, and that gives you a number which is a start point, a reasonable approximation of the start point. So beyond that I would just keep our eyes focused on the trends in the longer term, you know, notably the key selling season right ahead of us.
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Nick Yulico.
Operator: Thank you. And then final question comes from the line of Mason Guel with Baird. Your line is now open.
Mason Guel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Do you expect independent living occupancy growth to continue outpacing assisted living throughout 2025, and will the gap be consistent with the first quarter?
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. So, historically and currently across the sector, independent living does tend to have a higher absolute occupancy. It’s also been a strong, contributor of growth for us, you know, in The US around 370 basis points where assisted living was which was also very strong of 300 basis points. So we’ve had a lot of portfolio actions that have been directed towards independent living, putting it, you know, operators and investments in the portfolio, but it’s also been the case for assisted living. So we will anticipate growth really in in both categories of senior housing moving ahead and hope that they both continue to be really strong as we get into this key selling season.
Mason Guel: Great. And have you seen a notable difference in competition for independent living versus assisted living product?
Justin Hutchens: And do you mean in In investment? From a consumer standpoint or from an acquisition standpoint?
Mason Guel: From an acquisition standpoint. Oh, from an acquisition standpoint? Acquisitions. Yes.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So we’ve been focusing by and large on campuses that offer a combination of services, independent living, assisted living, memory care. For the most part, it’s been it’s been those three services. On a campus, sometimes there’s it’s an assisted living memory care combination. There’s been some independent living that are freestanding that we purchased as well. I’m talking about over 70 communities that that we’ve invested in over the over the past since the beginning of last year. So, yes. We there’s competition for the highest quality assets, which is what we’ve been pursuing. And we’ve been, pursuing communities that are high performing with upside. One of the things that really helps us to compete is the preference among our operator relationships. That’s been that’s played a key role for us, and that is that they want to work with us and continue to work with us. And there’s lot of new operators we’ve added as well. So when we find ourselves in a competitive situation, that’s one aspect that’s helped helped us to win deals. Obviously, our financial strength and flexibility is another aspect, and then a track record, with counterparties, as an acquirer of assets is excellent. So we like our opportunity to continue to compete and even for the best the best assets.
Mason Guel: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That’s all the time that we have questions for today. So I’d like to please turn this back to Ventas Chairman and CEO, Debra Cafaro, for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Amy. So to conclude, Ventas delivered strong results in the first quarter. Demand for senior housing is strong and getting stronger, and supply remains highly constrained. The multiyear NOI growth opportunity driven by senior housing is well underway with eleven quarters in a row of double-digit NOI growth, and yet the best is still ahead. So we look forward to seeing all of you soon to discuss this and more, and hope to see you in New York. Thanks.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Gail, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. Kindly press star one again. Thank you very much. I will now turn the call over to Bill Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bill Grant: Thank you, Gail, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas fourth quarter and 2024 results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our full year and fourth quarter 2024 earnings release presentation materials and supplemental information package which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties in a variety of topics that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. And for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental information package posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Bill. I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. Ventas really delivered in 2024. Today, I'm happy to discuss our strong results, investment activity, and growth powered by our increasing participation in the unprecedented multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing. With our momentum, I'm also pleased to introduce our favorable expectations for 2025. Building on our strong results and positive outlook, we've also increased our quarterly dividend to stockholders by 7%. We continue to focus on creating value for our stakeholders from our advantage position within the longevity economy as we enable exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. The company effectively executed on its one, two, three strategy in 2024 and I'd like to thank my colleagues for their commitment and excellence. During the year, we took advantage of the unprecedented multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing. We delivered significant senior housing NOI growth from our portfolio, made value-creating investments focused on senior housing, and drove cash flow throughout our portfolio. Let's discuss 2024 results. Ventas delivered full year normalized FFO per share of $3.19, above the high end of our guidance range. Shop same-store cash NOI grew nearly 16%, the third year in a row of double-digit growth. As Justin Hutchens forecast at the beginning of the year, 2024 was a year of occupancy outperformance, with year-over-year occupancy increasing 300 basis points in our same-store communities. Compelling secular demand, de minimis supply, well-positioned communities in favorable markets, and Ventas' advantage platform came together to deliver results. I also want to recognize the care providers for their outstanding service to residents and their families, including their extraordinary actions during the recent California fires. In 2024, we also completed over $2 billion in accretive investments focused on senior housing. These investments met our well-defined operational and financial criteria and were selected from a much bigger pipeline of opportunities. Using our competitive advantages in senior housing, which includes data analytics, operator relationships, and our experienced knowledgeable team, these investments funded with equity increased our participation in the multiyear growth opportunity through expansion of our senior housing portfolio. They added accretion, improved our FFO per share growth rate, accelerated deleveraging, and created value. As a result of both organic and external growth in shop, in 2024, our scale grew significantly to $2.2 billion in annualized EBITDA, shop reached 43% of our NOI, and our leverage improved to enter our long-term targeted range. With nearly 8% total company same-store cash NOI growth in 2024, we also achieved the third prong of our strategy, driving cash flow growth throughout the portfolio. Compounding NOI growth from outpatient medical research and our triple net lease portfolios supplemented our strong shop performance. We also increased our Ventas Investment Management platform or VIM during the year. Started in 2020, VIM has over $5 billion in assets under management. Looking forward, we are excited about the opportunities ahead. To create value for stockholders, we intend to continue to drive shop growth and expand our shop footprint with accretive investments focused on senior housing. As a result, we expect our shop business to represent over 50% of our NOI by year-end. Our 2025 guidance anticipates normalized FFO per share growth of 7% at the midpoint led by shop. If achieved, this profile would put us in the upper echelon of three. And even as we focus on growth, we also expect to further enhance our financial strength and flexibility during the year. All the while, we'll maintain our commitment to enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. So our value proposition for investors in 2025 is clear. Deliver top-tier 2025 FFO per share growth, property NOI growth, and investment growth, further improve our balance sheet, and top it off with a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend. We are optimistic about 2025 and beyond. Conditions remain favorable for our continued success. And the company continues to build its competitive advantages. We are in it to win it. We are still in the early innings of this multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing. As the over-80 population is surging, construction starts have fallen to historic lows and new developments generally are not feasible. We also expect to continue to benefit from compelling secular demand, a favorable pricing environment, robust attractive investment opportunities, positive operating leverage as occupancies rise, and a terrific experienced team whose ranks continue to grow with top talent. With that, I'll turn it over to Justin Hutchens.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debra. I'll give updates on our strategy to deliver profitable organic growth in our senior housing portfolio and execute on value-creating external growth. We had a very exciting and successful year on both fronts. Starting with organic growth, 2024 marked the third year in a row of double-digit same-store shop NOI growth. I'm very happy with the execution of our Ventas OI-driven shop platform initiatives and collaborative relationships with our high-performing operators. Our occupancy-led results were delivered by contributions across geographies and asset types. Total shop same-store cash NOI growth was 16%, which is at the high end of the guidance range. Full-year same-store shop occupancy grew by 300 basis points versus our initial guidance of 250. In the fourth quarter, our US same-store NOI grew 20% and occupancy grew 370 basis points. We are outperforming our markets in occupancy growth. Our US shop communities in the next top 99 markets grew 350 basis points, beating the NIC benchmark by 140 basis points. These results were broad-based across the assisted living and independent living. Moving forward, we are highly optimistic about our senior housing business across multiple dimensions. The supply and demand dynamics in our sector are exceptionally favorable. The next five years, the US will experience an unprecedented surge in the senior population as the baby boomer generation begins turning 80. This 80-plus age group is projected to grow by 28% during this period, driving significant demand for senior housing. Meanwhile, new construction in our markets remains constrained, with inventory growth at the lowest number on record and new construction starts at an all-time low. These combined factors create an extraordinary net absorption opportunity in the upcoming years unlike anything we have seen before. We just finished the first lap of a long race. As supply-demand characteristics are projected to remain compelling over the next several years, Ventas is in a strong position to continue to drive growth in our shop portfolio. We have favorable competitive positioning driven by Ventas OI with proprietary data analytics and experiential insights which underscore portfolio actions and optimize performance. Our expanding network of 29 shop operators has consistently delivered tremendous growth while capturing market share in their respective regions. We are committed to working closely together with them to capture the immense opportunities ahead, offer a differentiated approach through collaboration and the aligned goal of delivering exceptional care services and performance. We continue to execute on our community refresh program, improving the living and working environments of our communities and therefore improving competitive positioning. We have completed 228 projects at year-end, including over 150 refreshed employee break rooms and over 4,500 modernized resident units. We are on pace to complete another 50 refresh projects by the key selling season this year, which should further enhance our ability to drive NOI. Speaking of driving NOI, as previously announced, we are excited to expand our shop portfolio by converting 45 large-scale senior housing communities comprising about 5,700 units from the triple net structure to shop. This is a great opportunity to reposition low-occupied communities that are located in markets with strong projected net absorption. We have plans to transition these communities to five proven high-performing operators with a strong track record of both transitioning and improving operating performance. We plan to execute the Ventas OI playbook to drive occupancy, pricing, environmental improvements, and ultimately double the NOI of the 77% occupied portfolio. Assuming this conversion occurs by the end of the year, we project our shop footprint to increase by 8% in the number of units and our shop portfolio to increase to account for over 50% of our enterprise NOI. Looking forward to 2025, we are excited to continue our multi-year growth trajectory as we embark on our fourth consecutive year of double-digit NOI growth in our same-store shop portfolio. Same-store shop is expected to grow NOI 11 to 16%. The midpoint of our range is driven by revenue growth of about 8%, average occupancy growth of about 270 basis points, and continued strength in pricing driving RevPAR of around 4.5%. Furthermore, we expect operating expense growth of 5%. Per usual, the results will be highly dependent on a successful key selling season and we are assuming a relatively stable inflationary outlook. Once again, we are expecting the US to be the growth engine with continued accelerating occupancy performance with over 300 basis points of growth. January occupancy is off to a strong start. Summarizing organic shop growth, we are coming off a strong year of occupancy-driven results and we're excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to unleash the power of our advantage shop platform. Moving on to part two of our strategy, we continue to execute on value-creating external growth focused on senior housing in the fourth quarter and throughout 2024. For the full year, we closed on $1.9 billion of senior housing investments including $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter alone. These investments fit squarely with our investment criteria including 7 to 8% expected year one NOI yield, low to mid-teens unlevered IRRs, and significant discounts to replacement cost. This investment activity meaningfully expands our shop portfolio with the addition of 52 new communities in markets with strong projected net absorption. Communities are high performing with upside, including average in-place occupancy of 90%. Even with this accelerated pace of external growth, we are maintaining our underwriting discipline. In 2024, we reviewed approximately $18 billion of senior housing opportunities, pursuing approximately $5 billion, and ultimately closing on nearly $2 billion. We have a rigorous data-driven process that ensures we are pursuing the best deals for Ventas and investing within our right market, right asset, right operator framework. Our experienced team remains focused on executing our excellent growth plans and we intend to expand the team. We expect our pipeline will continue to present a large set of compelling investment opportunities with potential deals coming from a range of owners and a variety of reasons for selling including debt and fund maturities. Our investment activity also includes a range of seller profiles with transactions coming from a balanced mix of owner-operators, private equity, developers, and other institutional capital. Looking forward to 2025, we expect to keep our external growth momentum including line of sight on $1 billion of senior housing investments which are already in advanced stages. And we expect to be weighted in the first half of the year. Ventas is a senior housing partner of choice with sellers, brokers, and the entire investment community. This remains true even as there may be more competition for assets as others are seeing the favorable risk-reward in senior housing. Our industry experience, platform capabilities to manage scale, data science, and transaction track record should help to propel our growth prospects moving forward. Our investment team capabilities are second to none. And we are continuously building on our strengths. With that in mind, I'm very excited to announce Alex Russo joining our team as Senior Managing Director of Investments. During his 18-year career at Lazard, Alex has demonstrated exceptional financial and investment acumen and I expect he will be an instrumental addition to the team as we continue to execute on our value-creating external growth focused on senior housing. Now I'll hand the call to Robert Probst.
Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'll share some highlights of our 2024 performance, and close with our 2025 outlook. I'll start by saying we are pleased with all we accomplished in 2024. We finished 2024 strong with attributable net income per share of $0.19. 2024 normalized FFO per share of $0.81 in the fourth quarter and $3.19 for the full year represents a 7% year-over-year increase in both periods. The result exceeded the high end of our full-year normalized FFO guidance range led by shop same-store growth and execution on our accretive senior housing investment pipeline. Our total company same-store cash NOI grew nearly 8% year-over-year in 2024, reflecting broad-based property NOI growth across our portfolio led by 16% growth in shop. Our outpatient medical and research business delivered continued compounding growth of 3% in 2024, in line with our expectations. For the full year, research grew 4.6%, and outpatient medical increased 2.6%. As Justin described, we closed on approximately $1.9 billion of senior housing investments, funded all equity. We raised $2.2 billion of total equity in 2024 and year-to-date 2025 including approximately $1.2 billion raised since the third quarter at an average share price of $62.90. We currently have $250 million of unsettled forward equity available to fund senior housing investments in 2025. Consistent with our strategy, shop growth in all equity-funded senior housing investments have further strengthened our balance sheet. At 6.0 times, our Q4 net debt to EBITDA is a 90 basis point improvement year-over-year. It has now entered our long-term target leverage range of 5 to 6 times. We expect continued leverage improvement in 2025 driven by senior housing growth. We ended 2024 with robust liquidity of nearly $4 billion, which included proceeds from our third quarter 2024 senior note issuance which we subsequently used to pay down $1 billion of maturing debt in the first quarter of 2025. Let's conclude with our full-year 2025 outlook. For 2025, we expect net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.48 per share at the midpoint. We expect normalized FFO to range from $3.35 to $3.46 per share or $3.41 per share at the midpoint which represents 7% year-over-year growth. In line with the SSL growth we posted in 2024. The $0.22 normalized FFO per share increase is driven by NOI growth in the shop business and accretive senior housing investment activity, partially offset by higher net interest expense FX, and dilution from a higher share price. Our 2025 total company same-store cash NOI guidance approximates 6.75% year-over-year growth at the midpoint led by shop. Our guidance includes senior housing investments of approximately $1 billion in 2025, clear line of sight and weighted to close in the first half of the year. We intend to principally equity fund these investments and have already raised $250 million via equity forwards. For the year, we also expect to raise $200 million through capital recycling efforts. Specific to increased net interest expense, our midpoint of guidance assumes an increase of $0.08 compared to 2024, from refinancing, maturing debt at a higher rate, and lower cash balances year-over-year. A more fulsome discussion of our 2025 guidance assumptions can be found in our Q4 supplemental and earnings presentation posted to our website. To close, we are really pleased with our 2024 performance, are executing on our growth strategy, and delivering advantage growth in normalized FFO per share. The entire Ventas team is determined to continue this momentum in 2025. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone that in order to ask a question, press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Thank you. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. So your first question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning. So my question actually is about the medical office building side of things. Just looking at the quarter, some occupancy declines, it appears. But in your 2025 guidance, you have pretty strong same-store NOI growth. So I'm just curious what the kind of trajectory is in that business, whether you're expecting occupancy gains, you know, refilling of some of that space that may have vacated in the year. How do we kind of think about the fourth quarter results relative to the 2025 guidance?
Robert Probst: Yeah. Thanks, Omotayo, for the question. You know, really, it started in 2024. We actually did more leasing. We had 15% more leasing than the prior year. You know, as you cycle through that, you destruction and they start coming online, start seeing meaningful results in your NOI. You look at 2025, we've already done 34% of our leasing plan, which is a terrific start for mid-February. So our plans for 2025 assume occupancy gains and the corresponding NOI growth.
Omotayo Okusanya: Gotcha. Okay. That's helpful. Then if I may ask one about the senior housing, again, everyone's very aware of what's happening in regards to demographic tailwinds and clearly showing up in your results. Curious at this point is what Ventas OI is telling you guys in regards to strategically you should be doing anything different to kind of capitalize on those demographic tailwinds, especially now you're kind of at the point where, again, occupancy is getting higher and things of that sort and demand supply demand fundamentals clearly are in your favor.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It's Justin. Yeah. So, you know, the whole basis for Ventas OI is to really help us to focus on, you know, markets and operators. And the data from a market standpoint is extremely helpful because, you know, it really underscores all the decisions we make. It's the most important aspect of our investment decisions, disposition decisions, the decision to invest in particular assets. And the key point really is it's hyper locally focused. And that really gives us a comfort and confidence that if we make that investment, we take certain actions that's deliver growth opportunity, and it's gonna have sustained opportunity to perform well over time. And that's really the power of the platform. It's looking ahead, you know, near mid long term, and ensuring that we're as well positioned.
Omotayo Okusanya: Alright. Congrats on the other quarter and the outlook.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Omotayo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Griffin: Thanks. It's Nick Joseph here with Michael. Just have a touch base on the acquisition strategy, targeting more stabilized assets. So something you could talk about kind of the return profile of those where you can kind of push rate versus the occupancy upside and what sort of, kind of going in yield and stabilized IRRs you could get there?
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Sure. So we find this to be a very unique opportunity right now where you can invest in high-quality assets that have the combination of delivering yield and growth. Haven't really seen this before. Our opportunities to invest in a variety of different senior housing. We mentioned we had $18 billion that we started to look at. We only pursued $5 billion of that and really that's because we're being extremely focused on the criteria that we set forth, which is help us to ensure that we're getting the combination we're looking for. Yield growth, and then ultimately, a high-quality, high-performing asset. So the asset that we're pursuing, first and foremost, it's high performing. These are market leaders. They're 90% occupied but that doesn't mean they don't have occupancy upside. You know, they're in markets that have strong absorption. And there's another 10% occupancy opportunity. Plus pricing opportunity, which should only improve as scarcity value increases and that will come as occupancy continues to grow. We're buying larger communities that have a mix of IL and AL and memory care services. We're in markets that have strong absorption and strong affordability and the unlevered IRRs are low to mid-teens. And that's factoring in, you know, obviously, growth and we tend to use accounts cap rates. So you can have an assurance that it's growth that's really driving that IRR. So we like this opportunity. We're continuing with the same investment criteria in 2025 that we used last year. We mentioned the billion that we're pursuing and that's lining up well with that criteria.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. That's very helpful. I'm interested, the impact of those acquisitions both identified and also potential in 2025. Could it meaningfully move the needle, or is it more kind of future growth that we would see it on a per-share basis?
Robert Probst: Hey, Nick. It's Bob. Yeah. Good news. These acquisitions are accretive from the get-go. All equity funded. Last year, we did nearly $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter. So a lot of the activity last year was fourth quarter weighted. And it was 7 to 8% yields. It's accretive. So that's certainly part of 7% year-over-year growth in normalized FFO per share. The line of sight to the new billion will have lesser contribution, obviously, just giving timing in the year. But, again, we'll continue to strive to do what we did last year.
Nick Joseph: Thank you very much.
Robert Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kilichowski with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Kilichowski: Thank you. Maybe just a circle back to that last question and talking about the $1 billion acquisition guide. I'm curious what deal flow looks like at this point right now versus maybe this time last year and the fourth quarter? And then maybe how the competitive environment is changing and the room for you all to drive acquisitions in the second half of 2025.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Well, first of all, the pipeline is bigger than it was this time last year. And you know, remember, we started last year's guide at $350 million. We ended up $2 billion. This year, we have confidence around a billion already. So you know, that in itself kind of demonstrates the pipeline, but we're seeing more activity. We're seeing more competition. There's certain new players at the table and some that have been around before coming back to the sector again. But it's important that we emphasize why we have a competitive advantage in this asset class. And there's a few reasons. One is the platform itself. You know, the Ventas OI, the data analytics, the experience and capital to well-positioned assets, and then making sure that we are picking the right operators. And one of the reasons I'm so proud of the amount of operators we have is because we are picking operators that have track records in their particular asset classes and in their markets. And we have the scale to manage a platform of multiple operators. It's not about how many, it's about delivering within local markets, and we can manage that. So that's a differentiator amongst most of the market that pursues senior housing. This is a platform that's taken many years to grow. It's even turbocharged, I think, in recent periods as we've reentered the competitive opportunity within senior housing and we think we'll do well and we'll look forward to continue to execute.
John Kilichowski: Got it. And then maybe if we could just jump to development here. How close are we in the cycle to having development really start to pencil? Like, what would RevPAR growth need to be in your models to get there and then typical delivery time so we could sketch out and maybe, like, a rate-neutral environment where we think supply would likely inflect?
Justin Hutchens: Right. So it doesn't seem like we're anywhere close. You know, and it varies by market. There's a wide range of rents that think are needed. It could be it's being worked from 20 to 50% higher depending on the market you're looking at. We're not seeing development starts not really a big debt financing source for development. And it's on multiple fronts and that the barriers are on multiple fronts. Anywhere from land cost, material cost, labor cost, and then just the price that's needed really to justify the spend. And it's a ways off, you know, based on what we're seeing now.
John Kilichowski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. Hoping you could talk a little bit about the R&I business and your views on risks around NIH funding changes as a result of policies by the new administration and the impact or lack thereof on Ventas' assets.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Juan. It's Debra. So I'll just briefly touch on that. As you know, because SHOP is growing at such an accelerated pace within our enterprise, our consolidated research portfolio is about 8% of our total NOI with 18 distinct universities. And the US leads the world in biomedical research in part because of funding from the NIH. So we generally feel positive about the long-term prospects of biomedical research in the US. And there is, as you note, some noise around the NIH grants at the moment. But at the present time, any changes have been halted and therefore the grant recipients should continue to receive their full funding. And these institutions generally have a very, very, very, very large research budget of which NIH funding is a minority portion. And of that, the only proposed changes are to a small portion of that. So that hopefully frames it up for you.
Juan Sanabria: Very helpful. Thank you. And then just as my follow-up, maybe you could provide a little color on the $200 million that's for capital recycling via dispositions, the strategy there. You talked about maybe selectively selling skilled nursing before. Is that kind of still on the bucket and what yields we should expect on that $200 million?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And you've been writing about this. So you know it well, which is, you know, we have had a strategy of disposing of the skilled nursing facilities we acquired a year or two ago, and we've done quite a bit of that and have about $150 million pending. And would expect that to be the big part of the $200 million to which Bob referred. And we'll recycle that capital into senior housing investments.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks again.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vikram Malhotra: Morning. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on a strong quarter. Maybe just first on the shop side. Can you clarify in your guide, are you baking in sort of a typical seasonal pattern in 2025 kind of dipping in one Q and then from three Q to four Q or are you baking in something different?
Robert Probst: Yeah. Sure. So we do consider kind of a historically normal seasonal pattern in our guide. And we have said we're off to a strong start in January. We'll also be the first to admit that we had very strong counter-seasonal results last year, so the new normal could change as demand's picking up. But it doesn't really change one important fact and that is that we have a heavy reliance on the key selling season. And obviously think we're well-positioned to do well, but that's always the most important season because that's where a lot of the net moving activity happens.
Vikram Malhotra: Got it. So just to clarify, you're baking in typical, like, dips and pickups, etcetera, as we go through the just as you've seen historically.
Robert Probst: Yeah. We're using historical seasonality in our underwriting.
Vikram Malhotra: And then in the same store or the overall, I guess, shop or portfolio, can you, a, just give us a bit of sense of how pricing far evolved around different occupancy bands and perhaps what percent of the portfolio is, you know, less than 80% occupied today?
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Sure. So I'll take the second one first. About 25% below 80%. Like to remind people that the US is 84% occupied. So we have a lot of growth opportunity in terms of occupancy within the shop portfolio. In the US, pricing there's a direct relationship between higher occupancies and higher price. So we'll see, you know, the best being 99% occupied or higher, you know, we have the by far and away could be up to 900 basis points better moving rents. RevPAR is, you know, up 30, 40% in that range. The next one down 90-99. You're seeing exceptional pricing as well. And it's really that kind of below 90% occupancy category where we're not pushing pricing as much. So if you think about where we're positioned, 84%, Debra mentioned 2024 is occupancy lead. 2025, we're expecting solid occupancy growth again with good pricing support. And as we get into higher occupancies, we fully expect that they'll have the opportunity to push pricing more over time.
Vikram Malhotra: Got it. And then just last clarification on the fund business you have. Can you just talk about you've talked about the overall deal volume and the pipeline for on-balance sheet, but what about the fund and maybe MOBs or life sciences, senior housing? Like, how are you thinking about growing or tapping the fund?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks. Our fund business has been very successful since its inauguration. And we are continuing to grow that. It's been a good performer compared to its benchmarks. Yeah. And we would expect to continue to use that vehicle for the benefit of the institutional investors in it as well as, you know, Ventas because we are the general partner and an investor in it. So it's a nice additional tool that we have and have used to benefit the overall enterprise and the investors in the fund.
Vikram Malhotra: Great. Thanks, and congrats again.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. So, Justin, you know, I know the focus from an acquisition standpoint is high performing 90% ish type of occupancy, but you're kind of jumping out of your shoes talking about the Brookdale 77% occupied and doubling the NOI and all that. I'm just curious why the focus is on, you know, sort of lower risk if I could call that, opportunities as opposed to more value-add activity given we are in such a sweet spot, you know, in early stages of this fundamental cycle of senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. I mean, good comment. I mean, really, we should be looking at aggregate portfolio composition just like an investor would look at, you know, their aggregate portfolio to look at risk reward, growth, etcetera. So I'll turn it over to Justin. Clearly, when you can buy things that have great risk-adjusted return, as we've been doing, we like that. But let's talk about overall portfolio construction.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. And I mean, that's exactly right because we have a lot of upside in our existing shop portfolio from an occupancy standpoint. We've taken a lot of actions over the years to make sure we're well-positioned within that portfolio to be ready for really what we're seeing today, which is this growing demand environment. And we're like I said, we're only 84% occupied in the US. You know, if you looked at the non-same store group, half of that's actually acquisitions, the other half is in the it's in the 70% occupancy. And so where do we get those communities? Well, we moved a lot of them from triple net to shop, through conversion. So even without Brookdale, we've already converted around 100 communities from triple net to shop and that's really been the source for this kind of if you want to call it a value-add opportunity where we can really deploy the Ventas OI Playbook to the fullest, and then a nice complement to that are these high-performing acquisitions that we're making that also have really good returns and growth.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. I mean, the investments meet the unlevered IRR expectation. That's pretty good for an asset that is well-performing already.
Richard Anderson: Okay. And then my second question is, I think someone asked what percentage of your portfolio is below 80%. You said that's 25. What percentage is currently running above whatever the pre-disruption occupancy was, say, high 80s. I mean, where do we find proof that you think that the landing point for occupancy in shop is something meaningfully greater than the starting point prior to the pandemic and so on. I wonder if you could just sort of give some color around that. Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: I mean, the yeah. I mean, there you can see well, the sector is basically there. You know, so you have, you know, the other industry that's really achieved that in the US. They're back to that pre-pandemic level. We have way over half of our portfolios already done that. As we said, we've been kind of moving communities in that we think have we repositioning to deliver outsized growth for us. So that's part of the makeup of the portfolio. And, you know, I think that the results we've had over the last few years is demonstrating the growth opportunity and you're seeing our and really just as we said it would. So we're right in the but but I'll say this, Debra said it and I said it different analogies. It's I said it. We just finished, like, the first lap of a long race. Because we're just now, like, really now getting to the period where demographics become really strong. Happens to be during a period when supply is completely muted. So it's been pretty good the last few years. Looking forward to more strength moving forward and, you know, achieving our forecast. Yeah. Rich, I used the baseball analogy for you.
Richard Anderson: Yeah. You're welcome. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. Yeah. I appreciate it.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. Justin, can you comment on the reason why Ventas might lose a senior housing transaction? I know in the sub in your prepared remarks, you said that Ventas bidded on $5 billion of deals and closed about $2 billion. So one of the reasons for those misses in 2024 is due to price, or is there other reasons that that Ventas decides not to move forward with that?
Justin Hutchens: Oh, so there's a couple I'm gonna start with why we win deals. And, you know, when you look out that the $2 billion, you know, and the billion that's coming. The obvious first thing is we're the highest bidder. You know, the next is that we had a unique opportunity. And a lot of these deals are owner-operator driven, and they'll like to partner with Ventas as their next capital partner over the long term and so that's helped us to be well-positioned with certain deals that we've won. We've had kind of quasi off-market opportunities like that that have driven a lot of the opportunity for us. We have other opportunities where we've transacted with the counterparty before. They know who they're dealing with on the other side of the table. They know that we deliver what we say we're gonna do. And that really leads to confidence in transacting with us which helps us to win opportunities. So generally, if we're not winning a deal, there's obviously a disconnect in terms of what we think the value of the asset is versus the player that bought it. So you get outbid in certain cases. Certain times, we may even expect that will happen. You know, because it might be a certain type of asset, but we have insights into the market that others might not have. So, you know, we're liking our success rate. We're usually not shocked if there's a deal that falls out on us and we usually have a lot of confidence around the deals that are the right fit.
Michael Carroll: Okay. That's helpful. And who are the peers that typically or private players? I mean, who are the main competition that you typically can't complete a deal because they outbid you?
Debra Cafaro: Well, Michael, I mean, this is Debra. One of the things that Justin said, which I think is very important, is we may choose not to bid more because we don't value an asset the way maybe someone else does, part of the secret sauce, of course, is bringing these assets on and adding the OI platform and knowing what can be delivered under our offices. And so there are plenty in there that we just choose not to bid more because we don't like the risk-reward proposition. And I would say that's the most common characteristic. There are very few deals, very few, where if we want it, don't get it. That's a much, much smaller number.
Michael Carroll: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. I just had two quick ones. Just wondering if you could touch on expenses a little bit. Just give us a sense of what the labor market is looking at and if that's something that is a concern as we think about going forward.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. In the shop business, the expense forecast really assumes kind of current inflationary projections. We have 5% all in because that includes wage increases plus it includes the volume impact of the occupancy. Obviously, the flow-through is very strong, which is great. Importantly, the hiring opportunity has been very good for operators. We're on a long trend now of having the ability to fill roles, retention strong as well. So I'm gonna knock on wood and say the labor market for us has been about as good as we've seen in some time.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's helpful. And then just on the conversions, I think you talked about you've done a hundred and there's this Brookdale. Just as you look at the portfolio, how much more opportunity do you think there is in the next, you know, call it, three to five years and more conversions. I know they're tricky, but trying to figure out what the stamps does look like.
Justin Hutchens: That's a good question. And I have to say that the lease portfolio that remains is very strong performing, good coverage, good assets, tenants that are happy with their relative position. There may be some that we can, you know, jointly agree to repurpose into a different structure, but I think we picked most of the opportunities and now we're really focused on execution.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's it for me. Thanks so much.
Robert Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jenna Pawlowski with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Jenna Pawlowski: Hey. Thanks for the time. My first question is on capital expenditures. The $285 million in FAD CapEx, it's up about 15% year over year. Is that this level should we expect this level to continue for the next few years, and is the Brookdale repositioning Brookdale included in this figure, or is that a separate kind of redevelopment CapEx bucket above the FAD CapEx?
Robert Probst: Yeah. I'll take that one. It's Bob. So we were about $250 million in 2024 on FAD CapEx. The guide at $285 million, call it $30 million higher, is really two-thirds more units from all the activity we just talked about, whether it's investments or conversions from triple net. And one-third just inflation. It kind of describes the difference. So I would expect as we continue to buy more assets and make conversions, including the Brookdale, that, you know, that will continue at a higher level. But it's really principally volume-based for units.
Jenna Pawlowski: Okay. And then, Justin, a follow-up on one data point you threw out that I missed. Was it you referenced RevPAR being 30 to 40% higher in your higher occupancy tranche properties versus low occupancy. Is that RevPAR growth rates are 30 to 40% higher. Did I catch that right? Or could you expand on that?
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. So it's yes. Good question. It's a RevPAR growth rate. Yeah. So it demonstrates really what we think is a very exciting opportunity around price in the future, as we get our occupancy up over time.
Jenna Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, everyone. You mentioned competition may be picking up a little bit for senior housing. Are you starting to see any signs that cap rate?
Justin Hutchens: That's a good question. You know, so, you know, we're squarely in the range that we've been targeting all through last year and so far this year that 7 to 8% year one yield and their unlevered IRRs are basically the same. And so we're still finding opportunities that meet that criteria. And, you know, it's been, you know, so far so good focusing on those targeted returns. And as you know, ten-year rates are up over 100 basis points since even September. So that bears on it as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. We gotta get the and that's another area of advantage for us is the access to and pricing of capital.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Fair point. One last one for me would be the Santeria portfolio. A few years ago, you talked about having some MOB portfolio. Are you starting to see that kick in this year? Is that more of a 2026 thing?
Peter Bulgarelli: Yeah. Hey. Thanks for the question, Wes. This is Peter. The EOP portfolio, we're really happy with. We've got 79 assets. We continue to leverage the Lillipridge playbook and the Lillipridge team. What was really solid in 2024 was we had a material impact on tenant satisfaction. We went from the lowest quartile of tenant satisfaction to the third quartile, which is a terrific step up. We also had great retention last year of 82%, TTM, occupancy was up 210 basis points.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yeah. Just first one on the Brookdale transition. Are you assuming any headwind or benefit FFO from transitioning those assets to shop from triple net in the back half of this year? And just curious what that assumes in the underlying, you know, NOI that you identified in the release. I think it was mid $50 million range. Thanks.
Robert Probst: Yeah. Thanks, Austin. Yeah. I'll take it. It's Bob. So the assumption in the plan, in the guidance is that for the vast majority of the year, the assets remain under the triple net lease. That's the way the deal was structured. We can begin to transition them towards the end of the year. But effectively think of it as a triple net segment NOI asset for the vast majority of the year. You know, where we'll really start to hopefully see some impact is on CapEx, you know, as we start to begin the transitions. So it's really more of a 2026 story, to be honest. Is the way I would think about it.
Austin Wurschmidt: Understood. I was thinking September, those started the transition. Just high level, Justin, you know, you started last year, 250 basis points of occupancy gains assumed in shop revenue guidance. Clearly exceeded that, and this year, you're starting at 270 bps of upside. So I guess, you know, with that comment earlier about historic seasonality assumed in guidance, what gives you that increased confidence, you know, this year? And do you still think that if the key selling season delivers and you don't see that, you know, seasonal historically seasonal pattern occur, could there be similar upside?
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Your question in itself almost kind of demonstrates the consideration because there's a lot of what-ifs in there. You know, if we outperform the winter and then we outperform the summer. And so, you know, we're mindful of how much business is obtained during that key selling season and that really drives a lot of that growth that we're projecting. So certainly, you know, if all that we check all those boxes you could see more, but there's a lot of the year to play out still and we'll go focus on executing and see where we can get.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: On the four new developments that are underway. Guess first for the atrium project that's 100% leased, that's being completed this year. Why is the stabilization in 2027? And then just kind of an update for the other three that are still leasing up?
Debra Cafaro: Right. So we kind of think of three projects, basically. And of those three projects, you know, there are two buildings that are very exciting that are in the Charlotte market that are 80% prelease. And so that's really driving the stabilization date because they're we're consolidating them basically. And so one's 100% preleased and the other one's 60% preleased. So those are going well, and we expect to get benefits from that, and they have incredible really desirable tenants, including Atrium Health, obviously. That's the name. And so that's the update on that. And the other two are kind of coming online and have significant preleasing as well. And we're gonna continue to try to achieve targeted leasing.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And maybe if I could squeak one other one in there. Excuse me. You talked a little bit about looking at larger properties with ALIO and memory care in there. I guess, what are the high-level thoughts on entry fee communities today?
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. So, you know, there's the I mean, if you just step back, you know, you have an 80-plus population that is surging. So everything every service offering that's facing that should have opportunity. That includes interest fee communities. We don't invest in those currently. Clearly, they have a place in the market and they've done well. So I would expect that there's opportunities there. We're rental focused and obviously we've had a lot of growth and we expect really good opportunities moving ahead.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to see if you could give a bit of a refresher here about how to think about RevPAR growth in senior housing. So you, you know, you talk about the 7% January rent increases. And then for the year, I think the guidance is 4.5% on RevPAR. So what's sort of the, you know, the difference there, imagine something on new lease pricing and how should we think about, you know, I guess, the ability for that dynamic to change.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Justin is gonna answer that. I mean, generally, it's about two there's a kind of a two-thirds relationship between the RevPAR and the January increases. But I'll let Justin unpack that a little bit for you.
Justin Hutchens: Yep. Great. It's a great question. It's a big topic. Because it's not simple. So, you know, first of all, in the US headline number is actually 8% in the US in terms of rent increases. That's similar to what we did exactly what we did last year. We feel good about, you know, the US rent increases. The rest of the year, we'll have anniversary rent increases and usually that's, you know, kind of in a range around 6 to 8% or so. And here's how it works. And so you have a rent increase. The rent increase in January is really only impacting about half the population. There's a percentage of the population that were new move-ins, you know, in the fourth quarter and aren't getting an increase. And then you have anniversary increases the rest of the year, so they'll blend in over time. Assisted living and memory care, you have level of care revenue. And that level of care revenue is like 20%. It's memory care. Rose over time during the length of stay of the resident. When they're replaced with a new resident, that new resident's coming at a lower acuity and therefore paying a lower level of care charge. And so you have that that's kind of a that's a drag on your potential RevPAR. Another thing that is an area that about opportunity really for the sector is to see move-in rents actually equal in-house rent increases. And, you know, we expect to see the improvement in that metric over time, but generally, it lags. And so that's how you're getting to that two-thirds result that Debra's describing. And, you know, but we think that having said that, there's a lot of opportunity given the affordability of the market, the demand at the doorstep, and the fact that occupancies are going up and scarcity value is being created.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. And then just second question is on the guidance. I just want to be clear. I mean, it sounds like there's we should think about the acquisitions being funded with equity. So there is a higher share accounting guidance. To be clear, should we be modeling, you know, a billion of equity raise in guidance? And then, Bob, I don't know if you have a sort of a year-end debt net debt to EBITDA sort of outlook.
Robert Probst: Yeah. So on the latter point, we definitely expect to continue to improve net debt to EBITDA. You know, we're now at the high end of the range. And we're gonna continue to strive to drive that even further down. So that's and that's true in my senior housing, both organically and inorganically. So yes. Check. In terms of the funding, all equity funding, senior housing investments, has been a winning formula. And that is our assumption, effectively, in the model and as I mentioned, $250 million raised under forward. So we're in good shape in that regard. And the number on the shared account reflects that.
Nicholas Yulico: Alright. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Alright. Well, I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in support of Ventas, and gonna continue to try to have an excellent year in 2025.
Operator: Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect, and have a nice day, everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is John and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Bill Grant: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas 2024 third quarter results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our 2024 third quarter earnings release, presentation materials and supplemental investor package, which are available on the Ventas website at IR.ventosread.com. As a reminder, today's remarks may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental investor package posted on the investor relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you BJ. I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas third quarter 2024 earnings call. Today, I will discuss Ventas' strong results in the quarter and our improved 2024 expectations as we execute on our Focus 123 [ph] strategy to capture the unprecedented multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing. As one of the largest participants in the longevity economy, Ventas thrives in meeting demand from a large and growing aging population. Within this favorable macro environment, we are taking two clear actions to deliver results and growth, now and into the future. First, we are driving profitable organic growth in our senior housing operating portfolio, generating our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit NOI growth from our [indiscernible] SHOP business. Our team is using its experiential insights and data analytics to propel results and take advantage of this unique opportunity of favorable supply-demand in senior housing. Second, at the same time, we are ramping up our investments in senior housing. Here, we also enjoy a compelling value creation opportunity of private-to-public arbitrage. We can and are acquiring assets with highly attractive financial return expectations at accretive year 1 yield that expand our senior housing footprint, increase our enterprise growth rate, and strengthen our balance sheet. We rarely see this powerful combination of organic and external growth opportunities, and we are dedicating our resources to seed them to create value for our stakeholders. Before I unpack those themes, let's get to the numbers. Ventas delivered $0.80 of normalized FFO per share in the third quarter, reflecting 7% year-over-year increase driven by occupancy and revenue outperformance. This result was powered by SHOP with 15% year-over-year cash NOI growth. Total same-store cash NOI grew nearly 8% and our credit statistics continue to improve. As a result, we're once again raising our 2024 normalized FFO per share guidance, as well as our SHOP and Total Company same-store cash NOI expectations. As we execute our strategy, SHOP organic growth is the engine and is powering us forward. Year-to-date, SHOP NOI has increased nearly 16% and our RevPOR, OpExPOR spread is a strong 300 basis points, leading to margin expansion. Margin is increasing and should expand further as occupancies continue to rise and operating leverage takes hold. With the over-ageing population expected to increase 27% over the next 5 years, our communities are well-positioned for future NOI growth because they provide exceptional, affordable environments in markets with compelling supply-demand dynamics. As we look ahead, we believe we have a long runway for continued growth in senior housing. Our prior occupancy peak and SHOP reached 92% in late 2014, when conditions weren't nearly as favorable as they are now. Our goal is to shoot for and exceed prior peaks of occupancy and NOI over time as surging demand outpaces senior housing construction, which sits at record low levels and inflation moderates. Our markets show particularly favorable conditions and we expect to continue to drive significant upside as our Ventas team and OI platform work with our peer providers to drive outperformance. We've also ramped up our investments in senior housing to $1.7 billion this year. Here too, we are utilizing our OI insight, field experience and industry relationships to identify attractive opportunities, increase our enterprise growth rate, and expand our senior housing footprint. As a result of this investment activity, we expect SHOP NOI to increase by 12 percentage points and senior housing to grow to well over half of our business by year-end. These acquisitions fit squarely into our articulated strategic and financial framework and should create value for shareholders. We've rarely seen such favorable investment market conditions where the pool of available assets is large and growing, and investments should generate relatively high year 1 yield and offer significant future growth. Importantly, we are well-positioned from a balance sheet, cost of capital and experience standpoint to be highly active and successful. We intend to build on our momentum to continue to expand our participation in the unprecedented multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing. At Ventas, we have a long history of taking a holistic view of delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders. Last month, we released our 2023-2024 Corporate Sustainability Report, which details our key initiatives as we enable exceptional environments benefiting a large and growing aging population. I am proud of our sustainability leadership and accomplishments and our team which are widely recognized. Our integrated approach has enabled us to deliver nearly 19% annual PSR since the beginning of 2000. In sum, I feel great about where our business is and where it's heading. Our enterprise enjoys durable, inelastic demographic demand, powering a multiyear runway for growth. Our platform and team are driving outperformance and capturing market share. Because of these favorable secular and structural advantages, we are well-positioned to deliver value for our shareholders and advance our important mission to help people live longer, healthier and happier lives. And the whole Ventas team is enthusiastically going after it. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'll start with our efforts to deliver profitable organic growth in senior housing. The third quarter same-store SHOP portfolio grew occupancy by an industry-leading 350 basis points year-over-year, leading to our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit NOI growth at over 15% and an overall operating margin of 26.3%, which is up 150 basis points year-over-year. We also had one of our best occupancy growth quarters sequentially with 140 basis points. Leading indicators of Leads and Tours [ph] have been outperforming all year and continue to do so in October. Revenue growth was around 9% across the portfolio and the U.S NOI growth was 17.7%. Sunrise, Sincerely [ph], and Discovery continue to deliver excellent operating results in the U.S. Double clicking on our occupancy performance, our Canadian portfolio is an all-time high of 97% occupied in September, led by Le Groupe Maurice and Atria. Occupancy outperformed the market. The U.S spot occupancy grew 370 basis points year-over-year in the top 99 markets, which is 140 basis points faster than the NIC average. Furthermore, we grew 130 basis points in these markets, which is almost double the NIC average. Moving on to guidance. As the third quarter exceeded our expectations and October is off to a good start, our average occupancy growth expectations have increased to about 290 basis points, which is up 40 basis points versus the original guidance. Year-to-date RevPOR growth has exceeded OpExPOR by 300 basis points, and we expect a continued healthy spread as pricing continues to outpace the moderating inflationary pressures we have experienced this year. All of this considered, we are pleased to raise SHOP full-year guidance expectations for the third time this year to 15%. Furthermore, we believe rate growth will be favorable into 2025 as we anticipate significant demand, well-positioned communities, and a value proposition that is attractive to seniors and their families. Moving on to Ventas OI. Our SHOP performance stems from a right market, right asset, right operator approach, enhanced by the Ventas OI platform, which leverages a billion operational and financial data points and experiential insights. This platform empowers our SHOP operators with advantages in sales, pricing, market positioning, CapEx, and digital marketing, to name a few. Key drivers include acquisitions, new shop operators, CapEx investment, and strategic conversions from Triple-Net to SHOP, all aimed at boosting occupancy and NOI amid favorable supply-demand trends in senior housing. The OI platform also enables us to segment the portfolio in ways designed to increase NOI and margin. We are all familiar with the rule of thumb, a 50% incremental margin flow-through in communities that are between 80% and 90% occupancy and the 70% flow-through in communities that are above 90% occupied. I don't think it's widely understood how higher occupied communities can power growth. Let me walk you through a case study to highlight this opportunity. If you want to follow along, you can see this case study on Page 12 in our earnings deck. Our Zero Lost Revenue Days initiative aims for full occupancy across select communities in our portfolio, minimizing vacancy and maximizing NOI growth. 40% of our SHOP portfolio is in the 90% plus occupied category, offering substantial outperformance potential. Due to the operating leverage in our business, scarcity value, and lack of frictional vacancy, we have significant opportunity to drive NOI growth in highly occupied communities. It's important to note that we typically don't experience frictional vacancy in senior housing due to the relative small unit size, lengthy notice periods to vacate, and low wear and tear on the units, ultimately allowing for sufficient time to plan a unit turn. As occupancy grows across our portfolio, the benefits of highly occupied communities are materializing. I'll highlight eight communities in September that reached Zero Lost Revenue Days, maintaining 100% occupancy every day of the month. These properties saw a 440 basis point occupancy increase over the last year, a 7% RevPOR improvement, 12% revenue growth, and over 25% NOI growth. These communities all delivered market-leading quality care and services, which is essential to attracting and retaining residents and employees. The philosophy is simple. Full is full. And it underscores the value of renting every unit daily, maximizing NOI through operating leverage, scarcity value, and zero vacancy. While not achievable for every property, we aim to continue to replicate this result with operators and targeted communities through our portfolio, including our new acquisitions. I'll summarize my SHOP commentary by highlighting our continued occupancy outperformance NOI growth. We truly are seeing momentum in the business. Next, I'll comment on our Triple-Net lease with Brookdale, which expires at the end of 2025. Brookdale has the option to renew by November 30 of this year. It is a well-covered lease with strong and improving coverage, comprised of underlying assets that sit in markets with a 1,000 basis points of potential occupancy upside. Due to the strong underlying performance of the portfolio and compelling projected tailwinds, there are a variety of outcomes that are positive for Ventas, which could include full renewal, full transition to SHOP, or something in between. We'll update you about the progress of this lease when we know more. Now I'll move on to investments. We continue to execute on our Focus strategy, which is to capture value creating external growth concentrated in senior housing. The market is presenting compelling opportunities. We are in a great position to capitalize on these opportunities, given our advantaged position as a large owner of senior housing with financial strength and flexibility, far-reaching senior housing sector relationships, and a successful transaction track record. Our investment pace is accelerating, with $1.7 billion of senior housing investment closed or under contract, which is $1 billion more than we stated a quarter ago. The $1.7 billion is comprised of 43 new senior housing communities, 16 different transactions, with a median size of $47 million. We have targeted high performing communities with upside that have demonstrated market-leading performance and should continue to grow NOI due to the strong market fundamentals, increased operating leverage, and competitive pricing. The communities we have purchased are generally large-scale, offering a variety of services including independent living, assisted living and memory care. We are purchasing communities in an attractive investment basis of 250,000 per unit, which is a significant discount to replacement costs. These investments are right in our strike zone. Our stated financial criteria of 7% to 8% expected year 1 NOI yield, low to mid-teens, unlevered IRR, and we continue to purchase below replacement costs. The affordability in the new markets we are entering is supportive where residents can afford greater than 7x our length of stay. We also expect a significant net absorption opportunity during the next few years as a result of growing demographics and minimal new supply in the markets we have selected. We continue to expand with our existing operator relationships as well as welcoming new high performing operators in aligned management agreement. I'll spotlight an investment where we acquired 20 senior housing communities currently operated by Grace Management. This strategic acquisition includes communities operating a mix of independent living, assisted living and memory care, aligning with our focus on value-creating growth in senior housing. These communities are located in markets that support significant potential occupancy growth and price opportunity over the next few years. At 92% occupancy, this investment should benefit from the high operating leverage opportunity as I noted earlier. We expect 7% to 8% year 1 yield and low mid to teen unlevered IRRs consistent with our target financial metrics. This investment expands our relationship with Grace, who is a strong performing existing Ventas operator. Our investment pipeline remains active as we continue to pursue high performing senior housing communities with attractive financial returns. In summary, we are effectively executing on both our organic growth priority in senior housing and value-created senior housing investments. Bob?
Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'll give an update of our financial results, provide an overview of our balance sheet, and close with our improved outlook for the year. Ventas reported net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.05 per share in the third quarter. Our Q3 normalized FFO per share of $0.80 represents a 7% increase year-over-year. Our total company same-store portfolio cash NOI increased 7.6% in the third quarter, led by over 15% growth in SHOP. Our Outpatient Medical & Research segment, or OMAR, same-store cash NOI increased to 2% in the third quarter and grew over 3% on a year-to-date basis. In our outpatient medical portfolio, Pete and team remain active on leasing, executing 1 million square feet of new and renewal deals in the quarter for a total of 2.5 million square feet year-to-date. Tenant retention of 85% has improved 300 basis points from the prior year. As a result, outpatient medical same-store occupancy improved 20 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter. Our university-based research same-store portfolio increased cash NOI by nearly 5% both in the third quarter and year-to-date, led by new leasing and higher rents. Our core research portfolio is performing very well to strengthen our market and institutional demand. As Justin described, we have increased our investments in senior housing with 1.7 billion of senior housing investments closed or under contract. Refunded, the 1.4 billion of closed senior housing investments via 1.1 billion in equity issuance at an average price of $54.20 and $300 million of completed dispositions. I note that since the second quarter, we have raised approximately 570 million of equity at an average price of $61.27. Consistent with our strategy, organic shop growth and equity-funded senior housing investments have materially improved our balance sheet. Our 3Q net debt to EBITDA of 6.3x has improved by 60 basis points since the start of the year, and we now have land of site to our targeted 5x to 6x range. We also have robust current liquidity of $3.1 billion. We have addressed our 2024 maturing debt and proactively refinanced a portion of our 2025 debt maturities, including through a 550 million 5% bond issued in September prior to the recent run up in long rates. I'll close with our updated 2024 guidance. We've raised our outlook for '24 for the third time this year. We now expect net income attributable to common stockholders to range from $0.09 to $0.13 per diluted share. We increased the midpoint of our full year normalized FFO guidance to $3.16 per share from the previous midpoint of $3.15. Our improved full year midpoint is driven by a $0.02 improvement from increased investment activity and higher shop same-store growth expectations, partially offset by a penny dilutive impact of our strong stock price performance on our exchangeable notes. I would note that $1.2 billion of our $1.7 billion in senior housing investments are closing on a weighted average basis in the middle of Q4, thereby limiting the 2024 accretion. We have raised our total company's same-store cash NOI to now approximate 7.4% year-over-year at the midpoint, as well as increased our SHOP same-store cash NOI [technical difficulty] growth year-over-year. For additional 2024 guidance assumptions, please see our Q3 supplemental and earnings presentation deck posted to our website. To close, we are pleased with the results both in the quarter and so far this year, and to once again have improved our full year expectations. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph from Citi. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. Debbie, you mentioned a long runway and obviously the improving operating fundamentals, pricing, expenses, occupancy, everything. I guess my question is just, what are the early indicators that supply could start to re-emerge? We obviously haven't seen in the start state yet, but just wondering what you're seeing from the sector overall as you talk to lenders or others within the industry, what could spur that just given the really strong forward outlook?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Nick. Good morning. So the construction as a percentage of inventory is at record low, as I mentioned. I think just a little over 2,000 units were started this quarter, and we're seeing annual increases in the resident, the customer base of over 500,000 a year growing. And so we're still seeing constrained supply considerations including lending, including costs, and including rent levels which would have to be significantly higher to justify new construction. So there is a long runway. We know there's a significant lag as we saw in the financial crisis it was 4 or 5 years and then we really peaked in occupancy and as I mentioned conditions were far less favorable then. Senior population grew 4% over 5 years and now it's growing 27%. We see that step function a few years from now in the population when the baby boomers start to enter the over aging population. So it is a long runway and we feel really good about it and that's why we feel that this combination of organic and external growth is a real winner.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. And then maybe just on that ramping investments in senior housing, just given that kind of runway, can you talk about the seller motivation [ph] at this point and kind of the opportunity set that you're seeing there. I would think that a seller can also see the improvements from the fundamental perspective. So why sell now into this runway?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, good question.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, its Justin. Yes, if you just look at, for instance, the $1.7 billion that we've either closed or under contract, there's been what 16 transactions. About 9 of those have been developers that were cashing in. There were some repeat sellers. These were just groups we've done transactions with before, came back to us to do it again, just give them a good track record we had with them. And then there's a handful of just PE [ph] firms that were selling for a variety of reasons. I think it's very clear that the fundamentals are really good and that's a great, given all the backdrop and the long runway that Debbie described, it creates a great buying opportunity for us, given our capabilities and our financial strength and flexibility, but it also has created a selling opportunity for certain players as well. So the opportunities have been certainly growing in our pipeline.
Debra Cafaro: Yes and the asset should perform better in our hands.
Nicholas Joseph: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Kammert from Evercore. Please go ahead.
James Kammert: Hey, good morning. Thank you. If I could, Justin, drill down on your case study on Page 12 of the very high occupied cohort of units or communities. Was that a cross-section? And thinking about the whole 111 communities, a cross-section of operators?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, so we do have -- it's a cross-section. In the case study, I really focused on eight communities particularly, and even though it was a cross-section, you have a mix of majority IL, AL, a couple in Canada, most of them were in the U.S. So it does speak for the opportunity, I think, really across the board. And we're going to have really the best opportunity to be 100% occupied or really achieve that zero-vacant unit standard in communities that have already established themselves as market leaders. And we have many of those. Certainly, the acquisition pipeline that we pursued are with bona fide market leaders that have a lot of upside ahead. So, we're really pushing to support that outcome and we're pleased to see it start happening.
James Kammert: Great. And then a second question, if I may. Just stepping back more secularly, what does all your wealth of data collection tell you about sort of penetration rates for senior housing in your markets. Are you able to track that or get some -- share some insight as to, how these by age cohort, how people are increasing or decreasing their usage of the product? Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I can tell you that we do track penetration rate. We track it. There's a number of factors that go into our net absorption projections. Penetration across the sector is at 11%. It's basically exactly where it was pre-pandemic. There's -- penetration tends to follow affordability. It's not -- it's one of the reasons why we tend to prefer markets that have very strong affordability because you're going to have a higher utilization of senior housing in those markets. And it trended up. I mean, clearly, a few years ago penetration had fallen off a little bit. It's back where it was. And really to get the results that we're anticipating over time in this multiyear kind of occupancy growth opportunity, you really don't need to see penetration rate move much, if at all. So, there's a strong aging demographic, there's very strong affordability. We're selecting markets that, first and foremost, that have those characteristics. And as Debbie said, we have the platform to really ensure good performance in these markets. And it's certainly helpful to have strong tailwinds.
James Kammert: Okay. Thank you again.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kilichowski from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Kilichowski: Thank you. Just on the guide for SHOP, and forgive me if I missed this, but I noticed there was an updated RevPOR, OpExPOR guide. This quarter, RevPOR came in at 4.4 and OpExPOR 1.3 year-to-date. Is that -- and just kind of going back to your 2Q guidance, I believe it was 5.25. Are those both in line with your 2Q guidance, or are you seeing maybe a little softer RevPOR, but also softer OpExPOR that's kind of balancing that out? Curious if there's any conservatism heading into 4Q.
Justin Hutchens: Right. So first of all, we are -- we focused on the spread between the two, and that's been around 300 basis points. And that really held, we expect that to continue. That was considered in the guidance update that we gave. That full year number you mentioned, that's a pretty good proxy for where we've been running. The 300 basis point spread is reflected in the year-to-date performance.
Robert Probst: To put it another way, I would -- this is Bob. I would say year-to-date P&L elements in the supplemental is a good indicator of the Peace Parks in terms of RevPOR and OpExPOR growth as we think about the year.
John Kilichowski: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just jump into your top tenants and more specifically Atria, but please touch on any others if there's anything newsworthy. But just could you talk about Atria's performance and maybe bifurcate the IL and AL portfolios?
Robert Probst: Yes, sure. So Atria is our largest shop operator. We have a legacy portfolio with them in the U.S. and Canada, and then we have the holiday portfolio. They've consistently been a really good performer in our legacy portfolio. We've had a working relationship with them over time where we've been really helping them to focus their footprint in the cluster markets. And so at one point you might have thought of Atria as a national platform. Now I think of them as a super regional because they're well clustered. We're getting solid execution in the legacy portfolio. The holiday portfolio has been a work in progress. They're a big contributor to the occupancy growth we've had year-over-year though. So we like -- what we're seeing has been around 400 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year. So, I would say they're checking our boxes. In the U.S., I also mentioned in Canada that they're one of the leaders in terms of driving higher occupancy. Where Canada is 97% occupied, Atria has been a key contributor to that, the other being the group, Maurice. There's a new CEO at Atria as well. [Indiscernible] been in place for a couple quarters now. She's brought a lot of enthusiasm, experience and direction to the company that we're really pleased about.
Operator: Great. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. My first question on opportunities, is it time to lean into life science or will there be a time over the coming months to lean into life science again?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Jeff. It's Debbie. We're definitely prioritizing investing in senior housing. That's really foundational to the strategy that we're executing and certainly we believe in the business long-term. But right now, our key focus is in [indiscernible] and senior housing.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay, fair. Thank you. Then my second question, can you discuss the margins during the quarter? It looks like they compressed across the different formats. I apologize if I missed this. Can you explain margins during the quarter?
Justin Hutchens: With asset class, I can start with SHOP.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay, good.
Justin Hutchens: So Shop had -- we had, year-over-year, we've had, what 150 basis points of margin expansion. That's what we, kind of an expansion we expect to see given the revenue growth we're having relative to the expense growth overall is driven by occupancy and rate. It's really mentioned that RevPOR OpEx metric. There's a sequential change that was impacted by some, we have insurance renewals in the third quarter. There's seasonal expenses that we face. There's -- so there's just typically for us, we don't see improvement from between second and third quarter. And so there's a little bit of a climb sequentially. But on a year-over-year basis, we're certainly seeing margin expansion.
Jeffrey Spector: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just two quick ones. With the acquisition sort of ramping and I think becoming more and more clear that '25 is going to be strong, maybe any updated thoughts on when you think private capital, private equity will start to look at the space, come into the space, and why you think they have not done it so far if everything is so good? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, so this is Justin again. I definitely would say private capital is always circling. The conditions over the past year really haven't been supportive of private capital due to the availability and cost of debt. That's put us in really an advanced position. But I would expect that given the fundamentals that we'll see the competition again. We're clearly used to facing the competition and feel very comfortable that we'll get our fair share. We have an advantage platform, from a financial strength flexibility standpoint, we're advantaged from Ventas OI standpoint, where we have the team and the capabilities to really drive outside performance and also just to underwrite, see opportunities where others might not. So I really like our opportunity to continue to compete.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. I guess my second question was, look, almost 9% top-line growth is pretty impressive. We're obviously trying to figure out what next year and the years beyond bring. I guess my question is when I look at this 350 basis points occupancy gain and almost 4.5 RevPOR. Is there anything -- Is there any obvious reasons why that should start to flow? Was there maybe some low-hanging fruit that we picked this year? Maybe we should be thinking about just trying to think about the sustainability of these very impressive numbers.
Robert Probst: Yes. I'd say, first of all, we're not going to give you 2025 guidance expectations in answering this. One thing that did flatter expenses this year is we had a year-over-year comparison versus agency costs last year. So, that impacted off export and labor core metrics. That agency is pretty much out of our system now. So, that's a comp to consider moving forward, the supply demand, the pricing opportunity, know, all these fundamentals that we're facing, we expect to continue. So, we'll look forward talking more about our expectations moving forward.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Mizuho.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is [indiscernible] on for Vikram. Can you just give us some details on how the transition assets are growing relative to the same store and when they would become part of the same-store pool? And separately, what's the average occupancy of the acquired assets this quarter? Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Our same-store pool -- thanks for the question. I think it's important to start by saying that, our same-store pool is really the lion share of our total shop portfolio. So is it good representation of the overall performance?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, so when we talked about transition communities, a lot of those are in the same-store pool already. There's some that we transitioned last year that will come into the pool. And in that case, we've had really good occupancy growth. We're looking forward to NII opportunity moving forward in those communities. But honestly, it's largely represented already based on the pool that we've been reporting on. Also, in terms of your question around acquisitions, the acquisition [indiscernible] has been around 90%, 91%. That's across the board. And the reason for that is we're targeting bona fide market leaders in markets that have more upside so that we can drive occupancy and price in communities that have a proven track record of delivering best-in-class quality care and services and should continue to really outperform. And so we really like how the acquisitions are positioned.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just a second question in terms of capital allocation. Given the Canadian portfolio is nearly fully occupied, how do you think about monetizing part of it or maybe the entire portfolio and redeploying the capital into higher growth profile assets?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks for the question. Yes, you're right. The Canadian portfolio is an incredible tool. I mean, it really has been terrific and continues to be a significant contributor to growth. And so, we've managed that portfolio by basically leveraging it in a way that provides a greatest value instead want to continue to work with the operators to drive occupancy and performance.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you so much.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, in -- our philosophy is really to grow our SHOP with risk.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, good morning. So, back to the question about competition for assets and the lack of sort of, maybe relative lack of PE because of availability of debt. When you look at cap rates, I think you did, on the activity so far, 8% yield on your senior housing activity. And then you compare that to multifamily, 4% or 5%, industrial 4% or 5%. You can argue your outlook is by far much better, at least in terms of visibility. The lack of competition, putting aside the PE component, just that people can't do it. You need a certain level of operating talent to go after some of these assets. So it's always going to be a limited competitive set, or do you think it comes back? And corollary to that question, if your cost of equity is in the range of five, is that the way we should be thinking about 300 basis point type spread when we think about 2025 estimates?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Rich. Look, I think that there are multiple reasons that we're enjoying these compelling investment opportunities now. Obviously, our cost of capital and the relationships and experience are helping. There is limited competition because of debt markets, but you really hit on I think something very important and differentiating and I'll brag on Justin and the team a little bit. I mean, there is a moat. It is a business that requires significant expertise and also data analytics. And that's the more it feeds on itself in a positive way. And so we have the scale, we have the data, we have the experience, with Justin having operated, we have an industry relationship with the operators. And all of those things create a significant competitive advantage that should enable us to really be a premier global owner of senior housing. And that does, I think, keep competition less. And of course, we're always dealing with competition over the last 25 years, and we now have to get more than our fair share. But that is you've really hit on I think a very important reason and that is the competitive mode that we have that gives us these compelling investment opportunities.
Richard Anderson: And in terms of spread investing, is kind of 300 basis points where you're thinking if you just do an inverse of the AFFO yield, AFFO multiple?
Debra Cafaro: I mean -- yes, I mean, look, we're very pleased to be delivering strong cost performance for our shareholders. That's what we're here for. And that's obviously a variable metric that goes into our calculus and it changes over time. And right now it's working for us and hopefully we'll continue to do so and even get better.
Richard Anderson: Last question on Brookdale. I know you're not going to say much, but maybe a little bit more. Could they go past their November 30th decision day? Would you allow them to, or is that a full stop? You got to know by then. I'm just curious what your flexibility is to allow the negotiation to extend into perhaps next year. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean, if it goes beyond the contractual notice date, then [indiscernible] no longer has the option to renew the cub.
Richard Anderson: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I'm just hoping you could talk a little bit about the shop lead indicators. Would you be able to provide a spot SHOP, same-store occupancy for October and or comment on what the OI or data would suggest about rent bumps, Jan 1, which I'm sure you're thinking about this coming year versus what you experienced in 24?
Justin Hutchens: Juan, I'm going to try to answer this. So without giving too much information up here, I'm going to start with rent because we're just not going to get into the '25 numbers, but we do think the environment is favorable for pricing. And so we'll report more on that in the future. In terms of the lead indicators, we've had throughout the entire year leads and tours have been running higher than last year. That was true through the third quarter. It's true in October. So that's obviously driving move-ins and occupancy growth. As I mentioned we've had industry-leading occupancy growth and that really all starts with our ability to drive business to the doorstep. So we're pleased with that performance and encouraged by it, even this late in the season, to see the activity that we're seeing.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just on your zero vacant days, I guess a couple questions there. You mentioned notice periods. How many people actually give notice that they're moving out? I thought a fair amount of people unfortunately pass away. And is there an element where you can start booking revenues before a person moves in associated with shrinking those vacant days?
Justin Hutchens: So there's notice periods in the resident agreements that can range anywhere from 10 days to 30 days, depending on the circumstances. So you have visibility into when a unit will become available. There's also the opportunity for new residents. If you think about the demand that you're experiencing in a community that has zero vacant units, prospective residents are going to want to make sure they have access to the unit. So they take financial possession proactively. That happens oftentimes. But even if they don't, if you really think about what we're talking about, we're talking about a 400 square foot unit that has -- it's lightly furnished, has some personal belongings but nothing like we have in our own homes. And you're -- one operator targets a 30-minute turnaround because it's a deep clean and a touch up pain. If it needs more than that, you might add a few hours to that. But this is not a complex unit turn. It's extremely simple. It can happen quickly. You can plan for it. And so that really leads to this opportunity to have zero-making units. That combined with the demand at the doorstep and, most importantly, positioning yourself as a market leader because you're the best at what you do in your market.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered, but Debbie and Justin, curious as again we're kind of going through election season, if there's anything out there you guys are looking at that could potentially impact healthcare as a whole, and maybe senior housing in particular, one of the things I'm kind of looking at is if we end up in a world where regulation makes it harder for PE to be involved in health care. But anything that's kind of top of mind would be helpful.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we're really focused -- hi Omotayo, I'm glad you got on, even though most of your questions were answered. But I do think that we are in a favorable spot as we participate in this longevity economy because we do have a consumer-driven product that has significant demand and we have the platform that is driving out performance there. It should have limited impact, really, regardless of what happens in the election. There may be impacts on long rates, depending on who's elected, that could affect kind of the real estate sector writ large. But as a public company who is in an advantaged position relative to private equity in real estate right now I would think that we would be -- we would have a better position than the real estate market public and private. The public guys you have [indiscernible] or have an advantage because of access to cost of capital.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyeck from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Michael Stroyeck: Thanks and good morning. Maybe 1 on the outpatient medical portfolio. So, now that that legacy portfolio is part of the same store pool. You need to quantify how much NOI or occupancy upside actually remains across those assets and has there been any deceleration and why growth or occupancy gains and recent quarters now that just the lowest hanging fruit within that portfolio may be already taken care of?
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, thanks Michael. This is Pete. I appreciate the question. Just to level set, we've got about 79 buildings that entered the quarterly same-store pool for ELP this quarter and we've been really hard at work in applying the Little Bridge Playbook to the ADCET portfolio. We've replaced 19 property management teams, we've replaced half the leasing brokers, and we've replaced virtually 100% of the contracts that relate to the services in the buildings. So you're starting to see a lot of results. Tenant satisfaction went from the bottom quartile to the third quartile. So really happy about that. And then, not surprisingly retention has been up as a result of happier tenant satisfaction. Occupancy is up and so is NOI growth. So we're really excited about all that. We think that this portfolio will be an accelerant for us going forward. If anything, our growth outlook on this portfolio is stronger than what it was when we first got it. And there's probably 8% plus occupancy improvement potential to get it to the level that the rest of the portfolio is. So upside there for occupancy growth.
Michael Stroyeck: Absolutely. Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe on the secured loan investment during the quarter, could you provide just some additional details surrounding the ROFO on that, and then any details on the actual underlying properties in terms of location, occupancy levels, acuity mix, anything you can provide there would be helpful.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure, Justin. Yes, this is a unique opportunity to potentially own one of the highest quality senior housing assets in the country, quite frankly. This is [indiscernible] senior living. It's a high-rise in Seattle that has a mix of independent living and assisted living and member care product. It's high price point, very attractive physical plant. You're getting a renter anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 per month. It was a good opportunity to get a high yield loan. It's a senior secured loan, so we're the only lender. We have properties collateral and other credit enhancements. But I think what's most exciting and interesting to us is potentially buying it. We have a typical ROFO. Clearly, we're the right type of buyer for an asset like this. It was just a neat opportunity to put money out at a really nice return and bridge the potential ownership. Thank you.
Michael Stroyeck: Thanks for the time. Q O Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, thanks. I know you guys don't like to talk about individual operators, but you did comment on Holiday earlier in the call. I was wondering if you could provide more details on how they're performing or the changes that they've implemented last August. Have those really taken hold and you're seeing better results that you think are sustainable going into 2025?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I think that probably the best way to attack that is really just to talk about our overall independent living performance in the U.S. Independent living has been a strong, really equal contributor to the overall occupancy growth that we've had. Holiday is part of that. We've had other operators operate independent living as well. There's been really strong demand. There is -- it also tends to be a higher occupied asset. So it also has very high operating leverage. And so as occupancy grows, we expect it to be a big contributor from an NOI standpoint. But we've seen really good progress and momentum in the independent living product across the board.
Peter Bulgarelli: Okay, and then I think earlier, Justin, I think there was a question about the occupancy trends throughout the quarter. I mean, I'm just trying to really understand, like, what's the typical seasonal trend you see in occupancy? Does it really start to accelerate in mid-summer or then kind of tail off in the late summer and have you seen that? And I believe there's a question about what was spot occupancy at the end of the quarter. I don't know if you answered that, if you did, apologies, but if you didn't, I mean is that something that you can disclose?
Debra Cafaro: We had great sequential average occupancy growth that Justin talked about, if he can repeat it here from the second to the third.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, so typically you would see, the key selling season is May to September. Most of the occupancy growth is going to come during that period. It is also typical seasonality to see a downturn in occupancy in the fourth quarter. We are not seeing that. We're expecting growth in occupancy in the fourth quarter based on the performance that we've seen so far. So everything is off to a really good start in that regard. We've talked about our outperformance as well and I think that's notable when you compare us to the top 99 markets, we’ve been -- we have 380 basis points growth in the [indiscernible] top 99 versus 230 across the sector and then our sequential growth was really strong. And so we are -- as I mentioned, now it's 140 basis points outperformance versus 70 basis points. So, it's two times the sector sequential occupancy growth in the third quarter. And as I mentioned, all the leading indicators and our expectations around occupancy remain very confident. So that's leading into a good fourth quarter so far.
Peter Bulgarelli: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kelleher from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Kelleher: Yes, hi. Just as you look ahead to 2025, are you expecting to fully or substantially equity fund acquisitions again?
Robert Probst: Yes, this is Bob. I'll take that one. So, we've been very successful in executing on the strategy we laid out at the beginning of the year, which is investing behind senior housing to grow our participation. And if the market is there to fund that with equity, that has been working for us, clearly that's been the playbook. And you can see that not only in the growth in our senior housing portfolio, but also in our bridge, which is improved 60 basis points year-to-date. But as I look [indiscernible] I would like to call it more a cowbell. We like what we're up to and given the market conditions, hope that can continue.
Michael Kelleher: Got it. Okay. And then second question, can you give us a sense at this point of the initial drag if the full Brookdale lease transitions to the shop?
Debra Cafaro: Well, yes. Remember there's, what I would comment on is that if it transitions to shop, remember that the lease has -- is well covered from an EBITDAR or NOI standpoint to [indiscernible]. And so there's an excess amount of EBITDAR compared to RET. So that would have to be taken into account as you consider what the impact would be of a conversion of the whole Brookdale lease to shop. And that's a favorable fact pattern.
Michael Kelleher: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Does that make sense? Do you understood?
Michael Kelleher: Yes, I think so.
Debra Cafaro: [Multiple speakers] what I’m saying. Okay, good. There's more EBITDAR than cash rev.
Michael Kelleher: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. I just had a quick follow-up on that Brookdale comp. Would there be a ROI opportunity and potentially deferred CapEx on those assets?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, Justin. So I mean, I think the best way to look at Brookdale at this stage is that they have an option to renew. And so, if they renew, then in 2026 there's a 4% or 3% escalator. It could be as high as 10% that's subject to a fair market lease review. If there something [indiscernible] obviously that would be mutually agreed upon. And if they don't, then it becomes a SHOP opportunity. And we do like the opportunity to run the playbook. We have a bent up platform, we have well established operators that have been ready to turn around. We've proven we know where to invest and when to drive occupancy. And they're in markets that have significant tailwinds. And so it's a good opportunity, but all the options are really on the table right now, and it's coming down to the deadline.
Debra Cafaro: And the outcomes are all favorable.
Wes Golladay: Okay. fantastic. And then maybe revisiting Kindred, I know that there was some talk about the non-cash moving around, and now that everything is finalized, can you tell us more about or quantify the impact of the non-cash rent for next year?
Robert Probst: Wes, this is Bob. We talked about this last quarter in terms of the noncash impact. This year is a pull forward effectively of the restructure of the lease and the extension of the lease. That's pretty much in line, frankly, with where we were this time last quarter in terms of our estimate for this year. The rent reduction and all those details are in the press release. So I'd refer you to that for all the details, but it's pretty much as expected.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Yulico: Oh, thanks. Good morning. Just going back to the senior housing investments, the over $900 million that are closing, or I guess partially closed already. The 7.5% expected yield on that, can you just talk about what the day one yield is, so we can just understand how much NOI growth is assumed for the assets next year?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Nick, Debbie. Yes, I mean, you could expect if the year 1 yields are kind of 7.5% that you'd have kind of a current yield and kind of a low sevens go into that higher number over the next 12 months after acquisition. So there's growth in the assets.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay, thanks. And then second question is just in terms of the LTAC purchase, can you talk about what triggered that? What was the reason to do that after the resolving of the Kindred lease?
Debra Cafaro: Sure. So, we had really a favorable resolution with Kindred that had used a lot of the tools in our toolbox and our experience in these types of situations. So, the goal of all of it was really to improve coverage on the overall master lease with the investments really fit in to that philosophy because they will bring up coverage in the -- they have brought up coverage in the overall master lease. They're well-performing assets that have additional EBITDAR improvement and positive trends. And so it really -- it significantly improved, Kindred's credit profile. So it helps the lease, it helps then pass with a good risk-adjusted return and made for a stronger tenant overall because it enables Kindred to improve its balance sheet. So overall, it just fit in nicely along with the warrants and revenue-based rent, which will give us a potential, upside performance or valuation improve. So it's an overall holistic approach, as we would always do in these situations, to get an outcome that is the best for our stakeholders.
Nicholas Yulico: All right. Thank you, Debbie.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks and good morning, everybody. What's the average occupancy across the senior housing assets that you've closed or under contract to buy this year. I'm just curious as your cost of capital improves or if it continues to improve, if you'd consider pursuing even lower yielding assets that may have a longer occupancy tail to growth or whether or not the assets in that close to 90% or 90% plus occupancy range are more attractive given the flow-through profile you highlighted in your prepared remarks?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. What we really like right now is the investments that we've made and that are under contract really are right down the fairway in terms of what our financial and strategic objective [indiscernible]. So as I mentioned in my remarks, really high kind of immediate yields and they have significant growth embedded in them. And that's a very attractive profile and we want to continue executing on that profile because we think it's a really good risk-adjusted return. Now, we could expand the aperture along the lines of what you've described, but we have to feel that the risk-adjusted return is the same or better than what we're currently doing, which is pretty darn exciting.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's fair. Thanks for the thoughts there. Then just going back to Brookdale, I guess, why would a something in between kind of outcome be on the table given the all or nothing renewal and the internal view around prioritizing senior housing acquisitions? I mean, this seems like a great avenue. So just kind of help me understand what something in between outcome might look like. Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I mean, from our perspective, we like the opportunity to have some or all of those communities in our SHOP portfolio. But the reality is Brookdale has the option to renew. So, the decision really sits with them. If there is something in between, it could really be a win, where we could have some amount of the community move to shop and go pursue the opportunity in the playbook like I mentioned. But that's hypothetical. What we really need to have happen is to see what Brookdale's decision is and then we'll go from there.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, there can always be something better than a binary out and that's what we always look for.
Austin Wurschmidt: Understood. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: As there are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the call over back to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: John, thanks so much. I really want to thank all of our participants in the call for your interest in Ventas and your participation today. We look forward to seeing you in Las Vegas soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's meeting. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Bailey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas Second 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Bill Grant: Thank you, Bailey, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas Second Quarter 2024 results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our second quarter earnings release, presentation materials and supplemental investor package, which are available on the Ventas website at IR.ventosread.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental investor package posted on the investor relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you BJ. On behalf of all of my colleagues, I want to welcome our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas Second Quarter 2024 earnings call. It’s an exciting time for our business. We are driving performance in the early stages of an unprecendented multi-year NOI growth opportunity, fueled by powerful demographic demand and the most favorable fundamentals ever in the senior housing industry. Ventas plays an essential role in the longevity economy, serving a large and growing aging population, with over half our business and senior housing. This creates a compelling, near and long-term growth and value creation opportunity. Today I'll discuss Ventus's strong results and our latest increase in our 2024 expectations. As we generate outperformance in our senior housing operating portfolio, increase shop investment activity, optimize net operating income throughout our portfolio, and improve our financial strengths. Let's start with results. We began 2024 with momentum, which continued in the second quarter. Our enterprise delivered $0.80 of normalized FFO per share, reflecting 7% year-over-year growth. SHOP led the way with same-store cash and NOI growth of over 15%. Total company same-store cash NOI grew nearly 8%. And our balance sheet is trending positively, with 50 basis points of leverage improvement already year-to-date. We are pleased to once again raise our 2024 normalized FFO per share guidance and our total company same-store NOI expectations on the strength of this performance. Our growth expectations and value creation opportunity put us in the top cohort of companies across the REIT landscape. We're executing on our focus strategy designed to deliver growth and value to our stakeholders. As a reminder, there are three prongs to the Ventas strategy. Deliver profitable organic growth in our senior housing portfolio, capture value through investments focused on senior housing, and drive cash flow throughout our portfolio. Here are some key updates in each of those areas. In SHOP, we have now delivered eight consecutive quarters of double-digit, year-over-year same-store organic cash NOI growth. More importantly, we see a durable multi-year NOI growth opportunity ahead of us, powered by occupancy gains and revenue growth. Senior living provides invaluable benefits to residents and their families. In the quarter, occupancy grew 320 basis points year-over-year, significantly outperforming industry benchmarks, and revenue expanded 8%. Our data-driven decisions enable execution by talented operators, enabled our communities to attract more than our fair share of the strong demographic demand for senior living. Remember that our prior senior housing occupancy peak was 92%. Currently, our portfolio has trended to 84% occupancy and 27% margins. There is an additional $140 million incremental NOI opportunity simply by getting to 88% occupancy and 30% margins in the portfolio, when shop NOI would approximate $1 billion a year. From there, we expect our portfolio, operators, and communities to shoot for and potentially beyond that 92% prior occupancy peak because surging demand and suppressed senior housing construction are creating such favorable conditions, particularly in our markets. The shop resident base we serve, primarily the over 80 population, should grow by over 24% in the next five years. This population is increasing rapidly each year, from about half a million people annually now to over 800,000 individuals starting in 2027, as the leading edge of the gigantic baby boomer cohort turns 80. Yet, there were only about 1,300 units of senior housing started in the second quarter, and construction as a percent of inventory is only 1%. Both the lowest on record. Equally important, the duration of new construction continues to elongate, and we expect deliveries to be constrained for years to come. This favorable supply-demand backdrop provides powerful tailwinds and a long and unprecedented runway for growth. Justin will explain how our actions, platform, data and insights, together with our operators, deliver value to seniors and their families and position Ventas to outperform a strong market. We are also increasing our investment activity focused on senior housing as we execute on the second prong of our strategy. We're on track to close about $750 million of investments this year. Given the favorable market conditions and the strength of our pipeline for quality acquisitions, we are committed to ramping up our investment activity. Ventas is one of the country's largest owners of senior housing and we are excited about the external growth opportunities we see in the market. Rarely in my career have investment conditions been as constructive. We can invest in senior housing assets with high single-digit going-in yields and substantial near-term NOI growth prospects. Replacement costs, net absorption projections and affordability remain key criteria in our investment approach. These senior housing investments expand our shop footprint, increase our enterprise growth rate and reinforce our consistent commitment to financial strength. Third, we're also focused on driving cash flow and value creation throughout our portfolio. Our outpatient medical and research portfolio once again contributed complementary compounding growth for Ventas, powered by our competitively advantaged Lillibridge operating platform that excels in tenant satisfaction and retention. We also want to provide you with greater clarity on the 23 LTACs operated by Kindred with the least maturity of April 30, 2025. These long-term acute care hospitals represent about 5% of our NOI or $110 million annually. We've made a lot of progress since we last updated you. Currently, we are in advanced discussions with Kindred regarding a lease resolution for these properties. While a deal is not done and terms could change, we and Kindred are close to a transaction that would result in a 25% to 30% full-year rent reduction on these 23 LTACs starting May 1, 2025. About two-thirds of that amount would be reflected in calendar year 2025. We'll be happy to share more with you if and when a deal is concluded. We continue working toward a positive lease resolution that optimizes Ventas value and the NOI from these 23 properties, strengthens the master lease, and supports Kindred's future success. There are two final items that represent our approach to thoughtful investing and creation of win-win outcomes with our operators over time. First, Ardent recently completed its successful IPO, and we congratulate the management team and our partners. Ardent has done it right, focusing on patients, quality clinical care, employees, and communities. Ardent's current equity value exceeds $2.5 billion, and as Sam Zell used to say, liquidity is value. With $1.6 billion invested in assets operated by Ardent, Ventas has always been happy with Ardent's financial stability, its operational acumen, and its steady growth. The company's IPO has further enhanced this positive investment. In addition, Ventas has an ownership stake in Ardent, currently valued at about $170 million, over four times our original investment. And we believe there's additional upside in Ardent's business and its valuation. Also, in the second quarter, we monetized about 10% of our Brookdale warrants for $6 million in cash profits. We received these warrants as part of the successful lease arrangements we concluded with Brookdale in 2020. The warrants provide upside sharing in Brookdale's success and take advantage of the positive macro conditions in senior housing. Our current in-the-money value of our Brookdale warrants is about $70 million. Stepping back, we are optimistic about the future of our business, which is centered on helping a large and growing aging population live longer, healthier and happier lives. As the broader economy shows significant signs of flowing down and the labor market softens, Ventas' business with over half in senior housing is highly advantaged across the REIT space. All our asset classes benefit from inelastic, need-driven, demographically-driven demand, and most benefit from a softer employment backdrop. As a result, we have an unprecedented multi-year growth opportunity right in front of us. With favorable results this quarter and our improved outlook, our team is focused on doing everything we can to execute our strategy and continue to drive Ventas' performance and returns. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'm happy to report on another good quarter for our shop portfolio and another guidance raise led by occupancy. As Debbie mentioned, the macro backdrop is very supportive from a supply-demand standpoint. I'm pleased that part one of our strategy, which is to deliver profitable growth in senior housing, is off to a good start, as we are seeing very strong execution from our operators with support from our Ventas OI platform initiatives. The key selling season is delivering strong results so far in May, June, and July, as leading indicators and occupancy are all performing really well, building on our best-in-class occupancy performance. I'd also like to highlight that our net move-in volume year-to-date was 13 times higher than last year, contributing to our outperformance, driven by our Atria and Holiday portfolios, as well as Santerre Priority Life and Discovery Senior Living. The second quarter same-store shop revenue grew 8%, and occupancy grew by 320 basis points, led by the U.S., with 380 basis points year-over-year, and 90 basis points sequentially, leading to an absolute occupancy of 85.6%, led by Canada at almost 96%, and an overall operating margin of 27.4%, all of which are industry-leading metrics. I'd like to spotlight Le Groupe Maurice, who operates full-service active adult communities for us in Quebec, and represents nearly 60% of our NOI in Canada. They have consistently delivered stellar performance. The 380 basis points of occupancy gains in the U.S. was driven by broad-based performance across our portfolio, with growth of 400 basis points in assisted living, and 340 basis points in independent living year-over-year. Spot occupancy was particularly strong in our communities compared to the market. The U.S. spot occupancy grew 450 basis points year-over-year in the top 99 markets, which is 200 basis points faster than the NIC average. Furthermore, the U.S. spot occupancy grew 150 basis points sequentially in the top 99 markets, almost three times faster than the NIC average. 88% of our total shop NOI is included in our same store portfolio. We were pleased to achieve 8% revenue growth in our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit NOI growth at 15.2% year-over-year. The spread between RevPOR growth at 4% and OpExPOR growth at 1% remains very healthy at about 300 basis points. The key driver of value creation will continue to be occupancy growth due to the high operating leverage in the business. Margin expansion will increase as occupancy ticks higher, and particularly in communities that are over 90% occupied. I'd like to thank our operating partners. There are too many to mention, as there are so many strong contributors taking great care of people and delivering excellent operating results. Given the outperformance in the first half, we are happy to raise our full-year guidance expectations again on our same-store-shop portfolio by 50 basis points to 14.5% at the midpoint. Our average occupancy growth expectations have increased to about 280 basis points, up from 270. The remaining key assumptions that drive the midpoint of our range remain in line with what we previously communicated. Now I'll give an update on our Ventas OI platform and initiatives. We continue to advance our Ventas Operational Insights platform, which was formally launched in 2022. This platform is designed to drive outperformance in this multi-year occupancy growth opportunity and is the cornerstone of part one of our strategy, which is to drive organic growth in our shop portfolio. This platform enables us to combine our best-in-class analytics with our operating expertise to drive thoughtful conversations and actionable insights with the operators to quickly make informed decisions on critical areas of the business. The increased availability of real-time data through systems and reporting automation have allowed our operating partners to benefit from key insights across a wide variety of initiatives. Our platform has enabled deep analysis into sales and price optimization, market positioning, targeted NOI generating CapEx, and digital marketing, to name a few. I'll cover some proof points on how we have driven occupancy and NOI with Ventas OI. I'll start with NOI generating CapEx. In assessing which communities receive refreshed capital investments, we analyze the community's position in the market and prioritize those where investment would most improve occupancy and rate relative to the competitive set. We further analyze overall market characteristics, including forward-looking net demand, home values, net worth, affordability, among other data points to support our position that capital would drive robust NOI growth and generate outsized returns. We have completed 215 projects since the start of this program in late 2022, of which 133 are at least six months post-project completion. This group has grown occupancy by over 530 basis points and outperformed their respective markets by 350 basis points of growth. RevPOR has also grown 6.5%, demonstrating the effectiveness of this re-dev program. Next, price volume optimization. We continue to collaborate with operators on a monthly basis, monitoring street rate pricing on nearly all units in our U.S. shop portfolio relative to our proprietary market data to ensure pricing is set to optimize move-ins. Our automated monthly rent roll consolidation process enables us to efficiently analyze over 8 million rows of historical street rate pricing data to better understand market positioning and proactively identify price opportunities. We've executed this process and successfully optimized price and volume, resulting in improved sales momentum through the second quarter across several operators, including Sunrise, Atria Holiday, and Priority Life Care. These operators have improved their move-in performance by 25%. Next, digital marketing. We've also executed digital marketing initiatives focused on driving higher move-ins. Improving the attractiveness of the website to Google search, for instance, and user experience improvements have allowed potential residents and families to easily gather information to learn about the living, service, and care options available in our communities. Our focus on digital marketing has produced double-digit improvement in move-ins derived from website referrals. Summarizing VentasOI, the tools we have created for our platform have enabled us to perform and continue delivering growth. As part of our OI engagements, over 1,000 of which we've completed since I started, we are proactively sharing insights, data, and benchmarks with our operating partners to align on performance expectations. Moving on to investments, where we are executing on part two of our strategy, which is to capture value-creating external growth focused on senior housing. We are in a unique period of time. The best I've seen in my career, where we have a combination of relatively high yield and high growth investment opportunities in senior housing leading to very attractive, unlevered IRRs. The sector is supported by tremendous demographic tailwinds. In the second quarter, we continued our strong run of executing on attractive external growth opportunities. We closed approximately $300 million of value-creating investments in 12 senior housing communities, 10 of which are with existing Ventas operator relationships, bringing the year-to-date volume up to $350 million at a blended going-in yield greater than 8%. In addition to the accretive going-in yield, these investments are positioned squarely within our right market, right asset, right operator framework, and now is the right time to invest in senior housing as this favorable positioning amplified by the unprecedented supply demand backdrop will drive continued NOI growth resulting in unlevered IRRs in the low to mid-teens. We also continue to invest in extremely attractive basis below replacement costs with an average per unit purchase price of $250,000. Looking forward, our pipeline remains robust, filled with actionable opportunities with both existing and new operator relationships with a profile similar to the deals already closed in 2024. Specifically, we have lined a site to an incremental $400 million of senior housing investments bringing the total 2024 senior housing investment volume to $750 million. Additionally, we are deeply engaged in executing this high priority of expanding our shop portfolio. We continue to underwrite a large and growing pipeline of attractive, near term opportunities and are confident in our ability to continue creating value via additional external growth going forward. Now I'll hand over to Bob.
Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'll start with our second quarter performance, provide an update on our leverage and liquidity and conclude with our updated and improved guidance. I'm pleased to report that Ventas delivered strong second quarter results led by SHOP and with contributions across the property portfolio. In our Outpatient Medical & Research Segment, or OMAR, we generated over 3% same store cash NOI growth in the quarter with strong margins and stable occupancy. In our outpatient medical portfolio, Pete and team continued to build leasing momentum, executing over 800,000 square feet of new and renewal deals in the quarter, which translated to 30 basis points of sequential occupancy gains. Further, the equalized loan portfolio outpatient medical assets have made significant progress, increasing occupancy 450 basis points year-over-year to 81.5% in the second quarter, leveraging the Lillibridge operating platform and playbook to drive growth. Meanwhile, our university-based research portfolio increased same-store cash NOI by 5.5% in the second quarter, with 160 basis points of occupancy growth across the same store portfolio. Our new leasing pipeline is attractive at 1.3 million square feet, with over half already executed. For the enterprise in the second quarter, we reported net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.05 per share. Our Q2 normalized FFO per share of $0.80 represents a 7% increase year-over-year. Underpaying this result was year-over-year shop same store growth of 15%, and total company's same store growth of nearly 8%. We're seeing the benefit of the execution of our strategy with a 50 basis point improvement in our net debt EBITDA metrics so far this year. Organic shop growth and equity-funded new investments in senior housing are driving the improvement. The multi-year growth expected in senior housing and the robust investment pipeline are expected to continue to improve our leverage ratio going forward. So far this year, we've closed down 350 million of new investments and have raised 500 million in equity. We have included in our updating guidance another 400 million in equity-funded investments focused on senior housing that are expected to close this year. Year-to-date, we completed 234 million in asset sales. And our liquidity at the end of the second quarter was strong at $3.3 billion, including over $550 million of cash on hand and with limited remaining debt maturities in 2024. I'll close with our updated improved 2024 guidance. We've raised our outlook for net income attributable to common stockholders to now range from $0.07 to $0.13 per diluted share. We increased the midpoint of our full-year normalized FFO guidance to $3.15 per share from the previous midpoint at $3.14 per share. Our improved full-year midpoint is driven by $0.025 combined improvement from shop organic and inorganic growth, partially offset by a $0.015 non-cash impact from potential kindred lease resolution in 2024. We've also raised our same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth midpoint expectations for each of our segments. Total company's same-store cash NOI is now expected to grow 7.25% year-over-year, an increase of 25 basis points from our prior guidance, and 100 basis points higher than our original guidance back in February. For additional 2024 guidance assumptions, please see our Q2 supplemental and earnings presentation deck posted to our website. To close, we are pleased with the results for the first half of the year and we're committed to continued value creation in the second half and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph of Citi. Your line is open.
Nicholas Joseph: Thank you. Just wanted to hopefully get a little more color on the potential kindred resolution. As you think about resetting those rents, how do you think about rent coverage, the opportunity for growth there? And then just in terms of the timing, when would you expect kind of a final resolution and is it going to be for all of the facilities or could some of them come back to you? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Nick. Good to hear from you. The answer to your questions are that we are in advanced discussions. We believe we're close on a transaction that applies to the 23 LTACs, whose maturity is April 30, 2025. And obviously we're working for multiple goals, which is to improve Ventas enterprise value, to get the most NOI from those properties that we can, and also to strengthen the master lease and to support kindred's future success. So those are all factors in how we're thinking about it.
Nicholas Joseph: Thank you. And then maybe just pivoting to the acquisition pipeline. Sounds like sounds like it's starting to go there. So just curious kind of what you're seeing. Are these lease up opportunities and a more stabilized kind of just color broadly on the opportunity set that you're looking at?
Debra Cafaro: Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So we are seeing a number of different opportunities. Where we're leaning in is when the pipeline meets our investment criteria and we're very focused on the market asset operator framework, looking for markets that have strong supply demand fundamentals and support strong net absorption and affordability. We do like, apply in the Ventas OI platform. We're also narrating the strong track record in the communities and looking for, generally well invested communities as well. We're primarily expanding with the existing operator relationships, but we have had the opportunity to add some new relationships as well. And we're looking for campuses that include independent living, sister living and memory care, rental campuses. And we're seeing those in the pipeline. The pipeline's been growing throughout the year and we were actively engaged in it. And we like our opportunity to continue to grow.
Nicholas Joseph: Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. I wanted to touch on the kindred update real quick. And I know Debbie probably can't talk about too much directly related to this discussion. But, in general, why would Ventas record about a penny and a half non-cash charge in 2024? I mean, is there like a cash payment that's expected that needs to be amortized this year? I guess what's some of the reasons that we drive that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Yes, it's all non-cash. I mean, it's a pretty simple, but it's a gap related, somewhat counterintuitive rule. Like basically, if you have a lease with a tenant and it gets extended, you basically sum up the rent over the years and you divide by the period left and that can pull forward an impact. And that's really all it is.
Michael Carroll: And that happens from the time you signed the deal. It happens immediately.
Debra Cafaro: So it's just a gap reflection of the expectations on cash rents that we gave you.
Michael Carroll: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Thanks. And then just real quick on the on the shop guidance, I know that the RevPOR target is 5% and you're tracking a little behind that in the first half of the year. I guess are you able to push street rates higher? And is that's why you think you can generate slightly better shop RevPOR growth in the second half of the year kind of accelerating that growth compared to the first half of the year?
Justin Hutchens: Well, so first of all, on the guidance, it's occupancy led. We've obviously raised our occupancy expectation and we raised our NOI expectation as well. We did not change the other metrics. RevPOR, in this environment where you have a lot of occupancy growth, mix can be more impactful just due to the sheer volume of occupancy growth that we've had. In the second quarter, there's a couple of things impacting RevPOR. We had mix where we had very strong occupancy growth in our mid-price point product. So it just has an impact on the weighted average. And then there's a year-over-year comp, that's affecting it because of the very strong rent increases we had in certain operators in the first half of last year. As we move forward, we would expect that there's better comps in the second half of the year. We have a large part of the key selling season still ahead of us, a lot of potential volume as part of that. So, mix will remain in focus. And so we thought leaving the TILDA 5 was appropriate, given those facts, and look forward to growing NOI.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes, good morning everyone. I just wanted to ask about the acquisitions that you're including in GuideNow. I guess historically you only included what was signed up until that point. I guess why change your strategy here? And then if you could maybe just let us know how much of a benefit that additional acquisitions is for 2024. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of the timing and whatnot.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Josh. Thanks for your question. We're excited about the opportunities to invest in senior housing, and Bob will answer your impact question.
Robert Probst: And you're right to say that, that started this year in February, including deals that we hadn't closed was unusual for us. But we feel very confident given the pipeline and the team that we can execute on those deals. We started the year at 350 in our guidance done, closed. We have now 400 million in the forecast to close this year. So doing what we said, the contribution from those is in the two and a half cents increased guidance on FFO from shop organic and inorganic, I would say the split of those is roughly equal. If not tipped a bit towards the new investment. So they are created from the get go equity funded and very consistent with the strategy we laid out.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay, and then I guess maybe just the acquisitions themselves, like what kind of a cap rates are you seeing? And is it all senior housing? And our idea structure or is there a kind of mix of other things in there?
Debra Cafaro: Josh, our capital allocation priority is focused on senior housing shop investments and Justin will touch on, there's a series of both qualitative data driven characteristics we're looking for as well as financial.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, absolutely. So, starting, I'll just kind of highlight, for example, the some metrics around the deal activity that's already closed. In those deals, we underwrote net absorption upside over a three year period in the markets of around a thousand basis points. Very strong population growth near zero new supply deliveries expected in the next few years within the markets. Very attractive investment basis at 250,000 per unit, well below replacement costs. They're about 10 years old on average. There are 124 units offering independent living, assisted living and memory care. Good margins going in, but a lot of upside, going in margin around 28%. A lot of upside as we grow occupancy and rate over time and aligned management contracts. They're rewarding growth both for revenue and NOI outcomes, to the manager. And then, good operators, most of which are existing relationships, but we're also, working with some new operators and the going in yields have been really, above eight thus far. We were targeting seven to eight overall, the unlevered IRRs, low-to-mid teens. So that's the characteristics we've seen and continue to see in this next tranche, very similar characteristics in this 400 million that we have line of sight on.
Joshua Dennerlein: Appreciate that.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just two quick ones for me. Just staying on acquisitions. Obviously you've seen a pickup this year, which is why you increased the guidance, but trying to figure out is there sort of volume and opportunity that, you could get to a billion on an annual run rate basis is sort of question number one. And number two is just, can you remind us the sellers of these all sort of funds coming due just to nature of the sellers here? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Well, we're certainly interested in ramping up the activity. We haven't put any targets out there in terms of volume, but more is the priority for sure given the fundamentals and the returns that we're seeing in the investments. The types of sellers, there's some certainly sellers that have debt maturities and they're having to make a decision. Even though fundamentals are good, do they put more capital in or do they, do they, sell the asset and move on to other priorities? We've been able to take advantage of some of those opportunities. There's other sellers that just quite frankly are dealing with fund maturities and they're just active sellers and then there's others that are selling senior housing a little bit reluctantly because they have other asset classes that they're dealing with and debt and other aspects of their fund. And so, we've had a wide variety and that's what's been consistent though is, good fundamentals. We're targeting markets that have really, great upside and then the returns have been excellent.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Kammert with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James Kammert: Thank you. Good morning. Certainly appreciate Debbie your comment regarding inelastic need-based profile, this industry. I don't think many would disagree, but you also hear, at least I have that some, you know, the arguments that staying at home is still cheaper than senior care. How do you maybe within your OI or marketing initiatives? One, I guess you agree with that statement, and two, how do you educate the consumer here about the trade-off?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. And, and one of the things we care a lot about is we and operators are offering residents and their families a really important service. And it's really valuable. Anyone who's gone through it in their families really understands that. And penetration is back at or above, that is utilization by the population is at or above where it was pre-COVID. So that's trending in the right direction. The numbers are gigantic. So that dwarfs the impact even of penetration rate. And importantly, there are a lot of studies that show not only are seniors more secure and enjoy better lives when they move to senior housing from their homes, that it's safer, it's more secure, it's more social, but also it is more expensive to stay in your home. And that's the cost of replacing all those services, even if you can do it, which in many, many cases, if you live alone in a suburban home, you can't even get those services on a regular basis, that it is more economical to move to senior housing. You don't have lawn mowing and maintenance, taxes and insurance meals, etcetera. So it really is a replacement for what you're spending anyway or even better if you're requiring in-home health services.
James Kammert: Great. I need to do more reading. Thank you. And then I'll go quick one to pick on Bob. Good news is here, I think your exchange will note you're in the money. And could you remind me, give them a share price, could you remind me how is it accounting for that? I know you have the option to settle the conversion value in cash, but how will you account for that in potential dilution if the presuming stock stays above the conversion price? Thanks.
Robert Probst: Yes, Jim, it is a high quality situation for sure. The conversion price is just below 55. Those get accounted for in the fully diluted shares. It's a really modest impact at this stage and effectively embedded in the guidance, but I put this in the high quality problem camp. But de minimis as we think about the numbers this year as it stands now.
James Kammert: Right. Thank you.
Robert Probst: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just a bigger picture strategic question for Debbie, I guess. Obviously, you rightfully so bullish on the acquisition opportunity in seniors housing and you have a successful third-party management business. Is there an opportunity to kind of accelerate your investments in seniors housing using some of the capital partners you have or maybe new ones to do stuff in joint venture or fund format?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Juan. We do have a successful Ventas investment management business, including an open-end fund. It is a great advantage to have that capital available to us. At the present time, because of the REITs kind of footprint and experience and platform in senior housing. We are focused on capturing those opportunities really at the enterprise level, but we have in selective appropriate circumstances done a few senior housing assets with our partners. So most should be to the balance sheet and maybe ones that have a little bit less growth could be appropriate for a more core-like investor base.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks. And then just with regards to SHOP business and kind of guidance. How should we think about occupancy growth going forward? You've noticed some seasonality on the RevPOR side. Is there anything equivalent on the occupancy side or any impact from changes in the pool in the second half of the year?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question on the timing. So Bob, do you want to take that?
Robert Probst: Sure. There's no pool impact, one, that's been very consistent since February. There is -- depending on whether you're looking year-over-year or sequentially, there clearly is seasonality in senior housing. Again, the key selling season is Q3 running into Q3, typically through September could bleed into October. Then typically, you'll have some moderation in the fourth on a sequential basis. For us, what we're seeing again is just this robust year-over-year growth that's driving the improved midpoint. But if you're modeling sequentially, you should factor that in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi, good morning everyone. Just wanted to go back to [indiscernible] a little bit. So the guidance seems like you're calling for a 25% to 30% rent reduction I do recall commentary that this business itself is improving fundamentally. So just curious why give up that upside like just having kind of an immediate kind of rent reduction?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Tayo. Thanks for the question. Look, we want to give our shareholders some kind of broad directional guidance of our expectations at this time on what the rent levels will be. Obviously, we have a lot of tools in our toolbox that we've used in connection with leases over the years, and that would be equally true here. And remember, our goals, we do want to strengthen the master lease. We do want to capture as much NOI as we can, and we want Kindred to be successful. So we put all those in the basket as we think about structuring and making decisions about a lease extension.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And just the second question some of your managerial contracts in Atria Sunrise that are a little bit more tight in the top line. Curious, that when those managerial contracts themselves expire if they do or the idea of being able to move these contracts more towards contract time towards the bottom line such that Ventas and the third-party managers a little bit better in line in terms of bottom line performing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Operational alignment is one of Justin's favorite topic. So...
Justin Hutchens: It is, for sure. So Sunrise, we've already -- that contract, we actually updated A few years ago, it's well aligned. It's really driven through revenue and NOI performance. The fees are driven through realignment. I'm very happy with that agreement. We're -- we have windows in the upcoming few years in the legacy Atria portfolio, that will also be a good opportunity just to improve upon the alignment and that relationship, everything else in the SHOP portfolio is on our newer agreements. But one thing I want to say is that Atria given a lot of the transition they've gone through, there's not a question in my mind in terms of the level of focus they have on operations, particularly on ours. They've -- there's been a number of actions that have led to a much tighter footprint that we've taken some that they've taken and other owners. And so the level of focus that we've seen with them under the new leadership and the contributions they've made to the occupancy across the board that I mentioned and especially in independent living, where we've had 340 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year. We have their full attention and they have our full support. So we look forward to ongoing good performance with them.
Omotayo Okusanya: Perfect. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc City Market. Your line is open.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great, thanks. Just going back to the SHOP guidance, same-store NOI growth for that segment implies some deceleration in the back half of the year. And I guess, just given the operating leverage, low total portfolio occupancy, and just relative to the backdrop that you outlined in your prepared remarks, what are sort of the linked factors in the near term impacting you from sustaining that mid-teens growth that you've achieved year-to-date?
Justin Hutchens: So one of the things that's happened is we're off to a really strong start. So we've actually raised guidance twice now. So and that's due to the outperformance we've had early in the year. As you get into later in the year, Bob mentioned some of the seasonality, you can see in occupancy, you can also see some seasonality in expenses. We've assumed kind of regular inflation in the expenses. That's what's driving that 2.5% OpEx for growth metric that you see as part of the guidance page. And there's utilities and other seasonal impacts you can have in the second half. So you might accuse us to be a little conservative on the expense side, but we're just anticipating kind of normal seasonality.
Robert Probst: I like your words mid-teens because the first half, we grew 15%. Our guidance for the year is 14.5%. So pretty darn consistent, I would say.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay, that’s fair. How does Canada affect kind of the same-store NOI growth level going forward, given you are more highly occupied in that region? And what sort are your thoughts on the remaining upside for the region? Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: Well, so we have a page, and if you have our earnings deck, Page 10 will articulate the performance of Canada. Canada grew 12% in the second quarter year-over-year. That was driven by really good rate growth, which was also mix driven. We had a higher price point product that outperformed Canada and drove the RevPOR up and their occupancy is still growing 170 basis points. Canada is 96% occupied now, and they keep growing occupancy. And so it's just a good performer, and we wouldn't expect it to continue to be a double-digit performer going forward, but it's been a good year in Canada.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Austin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. I just wondered maybe first just get some more color. You mentioned the comps or maybe even conservatism on four on the expense side. But you're sort of going from the ones to like the 2.5% guidance you gave. So I'm wondering is there any specific region or maybe it's just labor cost you're anticipating that would drive that up so much in two quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Good. Bob, can you take that?
Robert Probst: I think the key thing to note, as you'll recall, is the contract labor or agency labor profile last year. Which we as we were staffing up really came down first half to second half. And so on a year-over-year basis in the first half on the OpEx port, that's a good guy. You don't have that same dynamic in the back half of the year. So that's a really important part of the answer to your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned the mix shift on RevPOR and obviously with Sunrise. But I'm wondering if you just segment the SHOP portfolio. I'm sure there are markets or segments where you have like 90% occupancy. What's the distribution in terms of where you're seeing the most pricing par versus maybe what's lagging?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So we've been -- we've seen really broad-based growth. We've had better occupancy growth in our products that are closer to like a mid or a mid-high price point. We've seen better growth in the West, which is a relatively lower price point than the East. There's been better growth in lower acuity assisted living and independent living than the higher acuity product, but very strong occupancy growth. And so there's the mix is really just a combination of reasons why our lower price point product is outperforming. It also happens to be the recipient of a lot of the NOI-generating CapEx. And so within that group, we had over 500 basis points of occupancy growth but also had 6.5% of RevPOR growth. So within it, it's a strong contributor to both occupancy and to rate. But as it's a big part of the growth story and the growth profile, it brings the weighted average down from a RevPOR standpoint. So I think the reality is, like I said earlier, the volume is so high mix becomes a bigger factor in the metrics. But key takeaway is 8% revenue growth and 14.5% NOI and really strong occupancy performance.
Vikram Malhotra: Makes sense. And then just a last one. Could you just give us an update on the Brookdale leases that come due next year, just where -- what the metrics are in terms of coverage or just latest thoughts on what you might do there?
Justin Hutchens: So it's Justin again. So Brookdale, I'll start here. So it's a well-covered lease. You'll probably notice that if you look at the supplemental that they've moved up a row. And so good coverage, good performer. They have -- we've had growth in our portfolio. They're in markets that we project around 1,000 basis points of net absorption upside. So really strong growth profile opportunities ahead of it. So really, if this portfolio were to make its way to our SHOP portfolio to be very happy. So we're really concerned about an extension. Brookdale has the opportunity to extend the lease. And if they do that, they have to decide by the end of November, all or nothing extension. If they do extend, then the lease will escalate in 2026, at least 3% and as high as 10% based on a fair market value review. Considering the performance and the coverage that I've mentioned and the upside opportunity in the market, we would expect that it could be on the better end of that, but we'll have to wait and see. But we love the optionality we have here and kind of worst case, Brookdale extends and you have a well-covered lease.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Richard Anderson: Hey thanks good morning and nice quarter. So question I asked on the Well tower call, and I got fully shut down. I'm going to ask you the same question, see what you say. So as occupancy gets higher, so does it become increasingly more difficult to grow it from there? So my theory is at 75% occupancy, you have the full range of unit options to offer people. But if you're at 85%, you have fewer options. So it's just harder to fill that Swiss cheese effect, if I can use that. Do you agree with that, that when you get to sort of post-pandemic occupancy and then start targeting that 92% peak in your history that process will maybe logically take longer to achieve?
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to let Mr. Zero Lost Revenue days take that.
Justin Hutchens : So Debbie is referring to my passion project, which is encouraging our operators and communities to get to where they're achieving zero lost revenue days we benchmark this, and we report on it every month and...
Debra Cafaro: Commonly known as 100% occupancy.
Justin Hutchens : Exactly. But truly 100%. So the one thing I love about senior housing business is that you can truly be 100%. We do have communities already in our portfolio that literally are turning units. They may have 4 or 5 out. They're turning all of them with new move-ins within the same month and having zero frictional vacancy. So my point of view, Rich, is it's actually easier, the higher occupied you get. And the reason for that is because you've established yourself as a strong market participant or market leader. Usually, there's an opportunity to fill the last unit or two with just with extra effort. I'm not going to say it's easy, but it's much easier to fill a year or two than to look upward at 20 units. So I like the opportunity in our communities that are over 90% to push all the way to 100 or as close as they can get to it. And the other thing that comes with that, obviously, is scarcity value and price goes with it. So that's the big opportunity. So I don't think I agree with you.
Richard Anderson: Okay. Foiled again. My next question, when you talk about the redevelopment program in SHOP, and you mentioned some of the occupancy lift that you got from that, is that factoring in at all to the same-store optics that -- or results that you got in the quarter? In other words, 380 basis point improvement in the U.S. Is there any amount of that is benefiting from the CapEx program where you get the revenue lift and the occupancy lift, but you're still capitalizing the costs?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I mean one thing that's good about the way we're showing our SHOP results is that the vast majority of our communities are in our same-store results. And so those -- most of those projects in during the redevelopment process. And we take the downs to the extent there are any that time and then remain in now, and that's true for almost all ranges.
Justin Hutchens : Yes, that's right. So when we're reporting on 133 seasoned projects, those are all same-store and they never came out. They were in during the construction period. And so there's a little disruption we've absorbed already and now we're experiencing the benefits of the upside opportunity from the investment. There's some projects that are a bigger readout that do come out. Those are more intrusive and there's a lot of criteria around defining which projects qualify for that to be in the non-same store pool. But the fees that we're reporting on are definitely in the pool.
Richard Anderson: So when you think about the redevs activity. Is it a wash then, the stuff that's sort of underwhelming occupancy and the stuff that's boosting occupancy when you net those two, the $380 million in the U.S. would probably still be pretty close to $380 million?
Robert Probst: I think it's a net gainer, Rich. There is some disruption. But honestly, you can sell the redev in many cases to the residents. You can show the plans, they can see the opportunity. And so you see in advance of the completion, you see occupancy and price lift. So there is some disruption net-net, definitely a positive.
Debra Cafaro: And you're trying to get them done so that you're meeting this intensive demand that's right that's present at this time. So…
Richard Anderson: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyeck with Green Street. Your line is open.
Michael Stroyeck: Thanks for fitting me in. Good morning. Maybe one on the transaction market. What's the typical cap rate spread that you're seeing on assisted living deals versus independent living?
Justin Hutchens : So we haven't -- really, everything we've bought has had a combination of services. And so I really wouldn't be able to comment on a freestanding kind of living cap rate, for instance, versus a freestanding assisted living and most of what we're buying has both impendent living and assisted living on the campus, along with memory care services. I know historically, there's been a spread because of the longer length of state independent living a little less there's been like a 50 basis point spread in the past. I don't know that I can really confirm that, that exists today just based on the activity that we have in our pipeline.
Michael Stroyeck: Okay. That makes sense. And then it looks like a couple of research assets have entered the redev pool in this quarter. What sort of return are you targeting on those projects? And should we expect additional research assets to enter redevelopment in the coming quarters?
Peter Bulgarelli: Thanks for the question. This is Pete. Happy to answer. We are we don't expect additional assets to go into redevelopment in the next -- in the foreseeable future. The return aspects will be substantial. These buildings are in really good markets. They're well located in these markets. They're quality buildings, and they just need a bit of upgrade to compete in the marketplace itself. And one good example is 3711 Market in Philadelphia. It's a great market for us, performing really well. It's a healthy life sciences market. The building has about 50% office tenants. Some of those office tenants have left, we have an opportunity to turn it into research space, which will dramatically increase the rental rate that we can achieve in that building. And we're looking forward to really strong rate growth and rent growth in the next year or so from that asset.
Michael Stroyeck: Got it Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kilichowski with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Kilichowski: Hi, thank you. So just to circle back to OpExPOR [ph]. I understand you get sort of the tougher comps on agency labor. But it sounds like we're hearing reports from other operators that labor expenses have started to soften recently, which matches the job reports we saw this morning. I'm just curious if you're keeping your guide here is expressing a little bit of conservatism that there could be greater availability of labor in the second half of the year if unemployment ticks up?
Justin Hutchens : Yes. I mean they're there could be some conservatism in that metric. We have to those around everything. We were very explicit around two metrics, one being occupancy, that will be in NOI. The others RevPOR has some mix considerations and then OpExPOR, and they both have year-over-year comp considerations and the OpExPOR we have some comp considerations as well as just an expectation of normal inflation. So we'll just have to see how it plays out. But the labor market has been very favorable.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, you're right. You're right. Today's report may influence that, and we'll continue to monitor and make sure we have a healthy spread between the 2 key metrics to drive revenue and NOI growth.
John Kilichowski: So. I mean, would you be able to comment at all what you've seen quarter-to-date from labor? Is it starting to shift in your favor? Or is it same time as it was in 2Q?
Debra Cafaro: Again, we should distinguish between year-over-year and sequential, I do think that what Bob said is important in the year-over-year comparisons. And then as we look forward, again, the labor market is pretty dynamic right now. And so -- we're assuming kind of steady as she goes. But as you point out, especially based on today's report, we may see a little improvement in that going forward, but it's too early to say.
John Kilichowski: Got it. And then maybe just jumping to the dispositions in the quarter. It looks like really strong execution there, but is there any color you could give on what drove the low cap rates on those assets? Are these noncore and maybe lower quality where there's like a pro forma upside for the buyer? Or are these high-quality assets and they are just here to fund acquisitions because we're strategically rotating more in a SHOP?
Robert Probst: Yes, I'll take that one. So just some numbers. We've sold about $230-odd million. We've got a full year guide of $300 million, so the majority is cash in the bank. It's a very low cap rate kind of in the 2% to 3% range, which is great. And that's led by senior housing. And your other question was, is this capital recycling upgrading the portfolio, exiting nonstrategic markets. Yes. And using the data analytics that we have to identify those markets that may not have that opportunity to grow like the rest of the portfolio. The buyer may see that opportunity and therein lies the transaction. And so we're pleased with that growth rate. Clearly, that's another source of capital for us while upgrading the portfolio. So we're happy with reset.
Debra Cafaro: And then senior housing with the data analytics, we're curating the portfolio on the buy and the sell side.
Robert Probst: Yes, same approach.
John Kilichowski: Got it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with Baird. Your line is open.
Wesley Golladay: Hey good morning everyone. I just wanted to get your thoughts on deleveraging essentially over advertising deals ahead of a strong cycle. Are you looking to create investment capacity for a much bigger pipeline? Are there any macro concerns? Are you just waiting for the cost and desktop? Just get your thoughts on that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean our whole strategy is designed to increase our enterprise growth rate, expand our shop footprint and because of the way we are funding the assets to continue to improve our balance sheet. And you saw that year-to-date.
Robert Probst: Yes. The playbook has been, first and foremost, the organic growth in SHOP is going to be the key driver of leverage improvement. And if you just look at numbers on that, 130 million or so organic growth this year. That by itself is 40 basis points of leverage improvement net debt to EBITDA. And then in addition to that, equity-funded investments is the gravy on top. And indeed, we've been able to do both this year, were 50 basis points lower so far from the start of this year and now -- and that same playbook is going to continue to run out. And it provides financial flexibility and opportunity to go on offense, and that's why we like 5 times to 6 times range, and we'll continue to execute on the strategy to get there.
Wesley Golladay: Okay. And then turning to the senior housing development. Is there any point where you want to start on the developments, deliver countercyclical in a few years from now? Any markets that may be the first to get supply and then maybe look into Canada, obviously a little bit more stabilized market, would they start to get supply at any point?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, right now, our overarching capital allocation priority is to invest in cash flowing senior housing assets that meet the characteristics that Justin outlined and provide near-term accretion, even when equity funded and immediate near-term growth that enhances our enterprise value. That could change over time. But right now, we're very, very focused on that.
Wesley Golladay: Okay, thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikita Bely [ph] with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. Can you talk a little bit about your development programs, specifically in your outpatient medical and research, the progress that you guys made and so far conversations you're having on the remaining leasing still have to do on that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We can talk about this, and there are quite a few that are well underway. And Pete, can you take that?
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure. Sure. There's -- so for outpatient medical, we have really a fairly minor list of assets that are under redevelopment. We have sub redevelopments, which are development okay? So let me just finish what I was going to say. So redevelopment, many times we're looking to do is upgrade the buildings create spec suites and so forth, and those have been very good returns for us. On medical office buildings, we have an outpatient medical, we have one asset with Sutter that is 100% leased. It just came online or complete, and we're really excited about that asset. On the -- we talked a bit about development in life sciences redevelopment, but on the development assets themselves, you have to think about it in really two different tranches. We have a set of assets that are online, they're operating and they're largely full. Examples would be Pit 1 and Pit 2, where they're 100% occupied. You've got our asset in Phoenix with Arizona State, which has attracted National Institute of Health as a major tenant. It's under construction, the 10 improvements. In Philadelphia, you've got one new city, which is 93% and Drexel, which is 100%. We have another tranche of assets that are under development, still under construction. They we're optimistic about, one associated with UC Davis, two that are with Atrium Health in Charlotte and 4 MLK and they're under construction. They have good pre-leasing, 60%, 70% pre-leasing, and we're optimistic about those assets going forward.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. On July, I want to see if we can get the SHOP same-store occupancy to get a feel how it's improved sequentially.
Justin Hutchens: What I can tell you is that I mentioned in the prepared remarks that the key selling season is off to a strong start, including July. And that's what we have for now.
Nicholas Yulico: I mean, any reason not to give it, I mean, multifamily self-storage gives it, why not you're Senior Housing?
Debra Cafaro: Well, they operate their own portfolios for what. But I think what Justin said is a good is a good data point for now.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And then in terms of the investments, can you just give us a feel -- I know you quote the initial yield, but it's, I think, a year 1 yield. How much NOI growth is embedded in that assumption to get to a stabilized yield, just so we're modeling this correctly.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Say that again, Nick. I think...
Nicholas Yulico: I'm just trying to understand like in terms of the initial yield that you're quoting for senior housing, how much NOI growth is embedded in the first year to get to that initial yield? Just want to make sure we're modeling this correctly. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Got it. I mean it gets into our underwriting, obviously. We look at the last year's, we look at pre-COVID numbers, we look at trailing 3 and where it is kind of at the time of acquisition, and we model what our expectations are going forward. Given the fundamentals you would expect that there would be some growth from, say, the trailing 3 or the in place in that number, typically a modest amount. And in some cases, if occupancy is 100%, we may actually diminish it a little bit. So it really depends on the asset. And most of them will have, as we talked about, given the template for the investments 7% to 8% yields going in with significant near-term growth, you'll see some elevation from the at closing NOI number. But it's modest, but it's ramping.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn it back over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you so much. And I want to thank all the participants on today's call for your interest and support Ventas. We hope you have a great rest of the summer, and we look forward to seeing you in person soon. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Kathleen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
 I would now like to turn the call over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Bill Grant: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call.
 Yesterday, we issued our first quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package and presentation materials which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website.
 Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call, and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental investor package posted on the Investor Relations website.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to the Chairman and CEO of Ventas, Debra A. Cafaro. 
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ. On behalf of all of my colleagues, I want to welcome our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas First Quarter 2024 earnings call. Today, I'll discuss our good start to the year, describe the actions we are taking to execute on our strategy and create value for our stakeholders, and share our improved outlook for 2024 as the multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing build.
 As a reminder, our 3-pronged Ventas strategy is composed of, first, deliver organic growth in our senior housing portfolio; second, capture value through investments focused on senior housing; and third, drive cash flow throughout our portfolio.
 We entered this year with momentum, and in Q1, our enterprise delivered $0.78 of normalized FFO per share and over $2 billion in annualized NOI. Our strong results came from nearly 7% same-store property NOI growth led by SHOP at over 15%. Notably, demand-driven occupancy gains in our SHOP portfolio are accelerating, fueled by favorable supply-demand fundamentals in our markets and the actions we've taken in concert with our care providers. Move-ins across the portfolio were elevated as we gained 240 basis points of occupancy in our same-store SHOP portfolio year-over-year.
 As the second largest owner of senior housing, we are benefiting from the multiyear senior housing growth opportunity that continues to gain traction from both demand-led occupancy and RevPOR growth. Accelerating demand for our senior housing community underscores the valuable benefits they provide to residents and their families. The over 80 population is expected to grow by 5 million individuals through 2030, yet new construction starts in senior housing are the lowest in over a decade, as is the percentage of inventory under construction.
 In our SHOP portfolio, 99% of Ventas' communities are free from competing construction starts. All of these trends combine to support a highly favorable long-term runway for growth in the biggest part of Ventas' business, senior housing. We also want to expand our footprint in senior housing by capturing value-creating investments in the space. 
 On this second prong of our strategy, we are making good progress. Year-to-date, we have closed or placed under contract about $350 million of investments that meet our targets of going in yield, expected unlevered IRRs, occupancy growth potential, affordability and pricing below replacement cost.
 Over my career, it has been rare to see such a compelling investment environment where we can acquire attractive assets in favorable markets at high going-in yields and high growth. Due to market conditions, our efforts and our team's relationship, our pipeline of investment opportunities continues to grow, and we expect to make further progress on our investment plan in the balance of the year.
 Across Ventas, we are also focused on the third element of our strategy, driving cash flow throughout our portfolio. In addition to SHOP, which is now generating over $800 million in annualized NOI, there are two other areas I'd like to cover: Kindred and our outpatient medical and research business. First, respecting the Kindred lease for 23 LTAC, representing approximately 5% of our NOI. The trailing rent coverage remained stable and Kindred has projected improving revenue and expense performance trends for 2024. We continue to have active decisions with Kindred and other parties to optimize Ventas enterprise value and NOI from our property, following the April 2025 lease maturity.
 We and Kindred recently agreed to a 1-month extension for the lease renewal notice date to the end of May. We know you are keenly interested in hearing the outcome of our discussion and we look forward to providing you with more information as soon as we can. 
 Our competitively advantaged outpatient medical and research business continues to shine and benefit from strong institutional demand. And it's delivering complementary compounding contributions to our enterprise. As a leader in senior housing, this portfolio is aligned around serving a large and growing aging population. Ventas is advantaged across commercial real estate because demand for our assets is strong and getting stronger.
 The Ventas team is focused on the opportunity for value creation right in front of us. On that point, we are pleased to improve our outlook for the full year. We are raising Ventas' 2024 normalized FFO guidance to between $3.10 and $3.18 per share, and increasing our full year 2024 total company same-store cash NOI guidance to 7% at the midpoint.
 And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin. 
J. Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I am pleased to report that our SHOP portfolio performance is off to a strong start. Total SHOP same-store cash NOI growth was 15.2%. The our same-store SHOP communities delivered solid results across all key metrics, including occupancy, RevPOR and OpEx. The first quarter same-store SHOP occupancy grew by 240 basis points year-over-year led by the U.S., which saw 280 basis points of occupancy gains. We have had a strong start to the year with broad-based contributions across community types, geographies and operators.
 In our same-store portfolio in the U.S., move-ins were elevated at 113% versus prior year, led by independent letting move-ins at 127%, outperforming normal seasonal patterns. We have had 9 consecutive months of tours outperforming prior year levels, contributing to the positive move-in momentum we have been experiencing. RevPOR performed in line. Operating expenses were lower than expected due to continued strength in net hiring and cost efficiencies realized by our operators, leveraging insights from our Ventas OI platform. OpExPOR was 1.6%, and or 0.5% when adjusted for the leap year. I'm really happy that our operators are delivering excellent care and services and great results.
 I'd like to highlight Sunrise, Sinceri, Discovery and Le Groupe Maurice in particular, for their superb all-around performance to start the year. Like I said, we are experiencing broad-based contributions from our operators, and we continue to leverage Ventas' OI's vast data sets and powerful analytics and insights to drive performance outcomes.
 Notably, our SHOP portfolio delivered double-digit same-store cash NOI growth for the seventh quarter in a row. Growth in the first quarter was led by our U.S. communities, which grew same-store cash NOI 18%. This strong performance in the U.S. was complemented by our high-quality Canadian portfolio, which is 95% occupied and continues to deliver a valuable and stable cash flow with 9% year-over-year growth.
 Given the strong start to the year, we are happy to raise our full year guidance expectations on our same-store SHOP portfolio, which we now expect to grow 12% to 16% in NOI year-over-year. The key assumptions that drive the midpoint of our range, our average occupancy growth of about 270 basis points, up from 250 led by the U.S. with over 300 basis points, which is higher than we originally anticipated. We still expect RevPOR of about 5%, which puts the total revenue growth at around 8% and OpExPOR growth is expected to be slightly lower than previously forecasted at approximately 2.5%.
 Our total SHOP expectations were originally to add $118 million of NOI growth, and we have raised that expectation to $130 million. April occupancy is already off to a strong start, driven by both tours and move-ins volumes are higher than prior year levels. So we're optimistic about our ongoing occupancy performance. Remember that we are just now entering the critical key selling season. So we'll have to see how that plays out.
 Looking forward, we are energized by the 1,000 basis points of potential occupancy upside in our markets over the course of the next few years. I'm excited about the very strong supply/demand fundamentals combined with well-invested properties and excellent operators supported by our Ventas OI platform to drive growth.
 Moving on to investments. Senior housing is now just over half of the Ventas portfolio NOI with SHOP representing 40% and growing due to the exceptionally strong organic growth and now we are expanding externally as well. We have been actively capturing value-creating external growth opportunities focused on senior housing. So far, we have closed or under contract for approximately $330 million of senior housing investments of which $130 million is already closed. These opportunities are exactly in our sweet spot.
 I am particularly excited by the unique opportunity to invest in relatively high-yielding, high-quality senior housing communities, coupled with outsized growth. These investments have a blended going-in yield in the high 7s, coupled with mid-teens unlevered IRRs. Additionally, we are investing at an attractive discount to replacement costs with an average cost of $241,000 per unit. 
 Our approach to executing our investment strategy is guided by our right market, right asset, right operator framework. We're investing in markets with a compelling supply/demand profile, strong affordability and meaningful expected net absorption. We prefer communities that are supported by need-driven demand and offer a combination of services including independent living, assisted living and memory care.
 These communities help us employ a strategic expansion of Ventas strengths in our active value-creating asset management playbook driven through the Ventas OI platform supported by our best-in-class data analytics. We are primarily expanding with existing operators with proven performance. 
 Additionally, as part of our data-driven selection process, we welcome new operators with strong track records with capabilities tailored to the service offering at the community as we have more than doubled our SHOP operator pool over the past few years.
 I'll highlight the Magnolia Springs acquisition, which includes 7 communities that are 10 years old on average. They're currently 89% occupied, and our located market is projected to grow around 1,100 basis points over the next few years, supporting more significant revenue growth. The communities average 100 units each and offer a combination of assisted living and memory care services in Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Louisville market areas. 
 Affordability on average in the markets is very strong at a projected 7x length of stay. The going in yield is projected to be low 7s and the unlevered IRR is projected to be mid-teens. The discount to replacement cost is estimated to be around 40%. The communities will be operated by our Sinceri who has a proven track record of delivering outstanding care services and performance.
 Moving ahead, we plan to continue to execute on our growing pipeline of senior housing communities. We are actively evaluating many attractive opportunities. In summary, occupancy momentum is strong, and we are off to a strong start to the year. We look forward to continuing SHOP organic growth and executing on our compelling investment pipeline. Bob? 
Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll share some highlights of our first quarter performance, provide an update on our balance sheet and capital activities and close with our increased 2024 guidance.
 I'll start my first quarter comments with our outpatient medical and research segment, or OMAR, which reported same-store cash NOI growth of nearly 5% in the quarter. In outpatient medical, Pete and team executed 900,000 square feet of new and renewal leases in the first quarter, 50% higher than prior year. Meanwhile, the outpatient medical assets from the equitized loan portfolio increased occupancy by 300 basis points since taking ownership last year due to the effective asset and property management initiatives from the Ventas team.
 Our university-based research same-store cash NOI increased over 5% in the first quarter. with occupancy growth across the same-store portfolio. Our overall new leasing pipeline has increased by 30% to 1.4 million square feet with strong institutional and university demand for university-based life science buildings.
 In terms of first quarter enterprise results, we reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $0.04 per share. Normalized FFO per share in Q1 was strong at $0.78, representing 5% year-over-year growth. Our total company same-store cash NOI grew nearly 7%, led by SHOP, increasing 15%. 
 Strong SHOP organic growth also drove a 20-basis-point sequential improvement in our net debt-to-EBITDA in the first quarter. Further supporting our leverage trajectory was $94 million in equity raised at an average price of $44.04 to fully fund senior housing investments. The SHOP growth included in the balance of the year guidance is expected to drive continuing leverage improvements in 2024.
 We had some notable capital markets activity so far this year. First, we extended the maturity to 2028 on our $2.75 billion revolving credit facility with improved pricing and strong oversubscription from our banking partners. We thank for their support of our platform. 
 Second, we raised $650 million in 5-year Canadian senior notes at 5.1% in the first quarter, taking some 2025 maturing debt off the table early at attractive rates. We also used cash on hand to repay a portion of recent maturing debt, leaving us $700 million of 2024 debt maturities left to refinance this year.
 I'll close with our updated 2024 guidance. We improved our outlook for net income attributable to common stockholders now range from $0.03 to $0.11 per diluted share. We increased the midpoint of our full year normalized FFO guidance to $3.14 per share from the previous midpoint of $3.125. The increase in our midpoint can be explained by a $0.03 per share improvement in organic SHOP NOI, partially offset by higher interest rates.
 We've also raised both our property NOI and same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth midpoint expectations for each of our segments. Total company same-store cash NOI is now expected to grow 7% year-over-year compared to our prior midpoint of 6.25%. 
 We have not included any incremental investments in our outlook beyond the $350 million closed or on our contract discussed today. We're increasing our full year capital recycling proceeds to $300 million, as we enhance our portfolio and build additional sources to fund an attractive pipeline of senior housing investments.
 Finally, we expect to spend $250 million in FAD CapEx in 2024. For additional 2024 guidance assumptions, please see our Q1 supplemental and earnings presentation deck posted to our website.
 With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of James Kammert of Evercore. 
James Kammert: I know it's a bit of a fluid target, obviously. But Justin, you mentioned a couple of times very optimistic about the occupancy potential growth across your core markets, right, if they -- I guess, you're making what sort of assumptions there regarding the pace of that in terms of incremental absorption how many years would that take? I mean, you said about 1,000 points in some of your core markets upside [indiscernible]? 
J. Hutchens: Yes, sure. So stepping back, obviously, there's been a lot of focus by those of us that participate in the senior housing sector on supply and demand, which has been excellent. Debbie highlighted that, I think, nicely in the opening remarks. 
 We've added a page to our earnings deck, you've mentioned that articulates 1,000 basis points of upside in our markets over the next few years. We use a variety of data sources to determine and back testing in those proprietary, but we feel comfortable that's a good outlook. Clearly, we haven't included pacing, but we certainly like the opportunity to continue to perform well within those markets and then to expand into new markets through our external activities and capitalize on the exciting upside. 
James Kammert: And just a sort of a follow-on to that. If you had -- for every 100 basis points of occupancy, is there any algorithm we can use to think about how that improves margin, because there's obviously a fixed component cost that gets levered. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So there's certainly a lot of margin expansion opportunity for us because we're -- overall, both the mid-80s in the U.S. around 80% occupied. In our total SHOP portfolio -- just under 80%, both in independent living and assisted living. 
 So there's a lot of occupancy upside ahead. And with that comes the operating leverage that we benefit from in our business. And so there's really good margin expansion ahead. There are some rules of thumb. Maybe we'll include that at some upcoming conferences. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. 
Michael Carroll: I wanted to touch on Kindred. I know you made some prepared remarks, Debbie, about it. But can you talk about the reason for the extension option by one extra month? Is this something that Kindred asked for that they needed more time kind of assessing if they wanted to exercise that option or not? 
Debra Cafaro: Happy to talk to you about it. I mean, look, we're engaged in active discussions with Kindred and others. And we're really working to get to the right outcome. And so we believe that, that was really in the best interest of everyone to get to a good outcome, which we define as kind of optimizing Ventas value and NOI. 
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then just kind of on that. I know in the past few quarters, you kind of highlighted that Kindred has been putting in new operational efficiency initiatives to deliver, I guess, better results, has those been put in place yet? And are you seeing returns? 
 I mean, if you look at like the trailing 12-month EBITDARM coverage ratio on that portfolio for the past 3 quarters, it's kind of held steady at that 0.9x. So it doesn't seem like coverage has yet picked up, but I know that's a trailing number. So I didn't know if we have more recent data on the most recent quarter kind of highlighting some upticks there. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean you're right on the -- Kindred has initiatives underway to improve both revenue and expense performance, and we are seeing sequential improvement, but the heat map, of course, is a trailing look. And so that's really how you ought to think about it. So you hit the nail on the head. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin of Citi. 
Michael Griffin: Maybe just following up on Michael's question. Could there be an additional extension for Kindred, or do you think end of May is when we will have a decision. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So I think that, we're in these active discussions with Kindred and others, and we're really focused on getting the right outcome for Ventas for the enterprise and also for the properties. 
 And I would be -- we're working very hard to get to that kind of outcome. And so I'd be less focused on the notice date and just more focused on the work that we're doing, we have a great team working on it. We've been working on it for a while. This is very similar to what happened last time, and we're on it to get a resolution that as soon as we can, and we look forward to telling you as soon as we can. 
Nicholas Joseph: I probably should have said this is Nick here with Michael. I guess the second question, just if it is retentive, as you talk to kind of other parties, what would the downtime be for the portfolio, if it goes down that route? 
Debra Cafaro: Right. If -- it's interesting to see that well-respected players like Ensign have now entered the LTAC space. It seems to be enjoying a bit of a moment and that's positive. I would say that there would be a transition kind of on day 1, if there were other tenants for some or all of the properties. So that's the way to think about it. I there's no downtime. It's not like outpatient medical or anything. There's a direct operational transfer if that were to occur. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Deutsche Bank. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Congrats on a great quarter. In terms of acquisitions, again, you have an interesting page in your deck, just kind of talking about all the upcoming debt maturities in senior housing and how you look at that as a potential opportunity. Should we be thinking about acquisitions purely at 3 simple transactions? Or can we possibly see you doing more on the structured finance side as well? 
J. Hutchens: Primarily 3 simple. That maturity chart really articulates the interesting opportunity because we have tremendously good fundamentals, but you have an asset that's refinancing generally at a lower LTV and higher cost. 
 So it's putting pressure on existing owners. And it creates an opportunity for buyers like us to make high-quality acquisitions but with a better capital stack. And there's a variety of sellers as well. There's private equity sellers and operators and multifamily and institutional sellers that we've been seeing in our pipeline, including that which we've been executing on. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could sneak one more in. In terms of Brookdale, which is the other rent lease that's coming up, again, coverage is great and all that's fine. But curious if structurally that could change from being a triple net portfolio to much more of a [indiscernible] portfolio, just given how well your SHOP portfolio is doing and how strong senior housing fundamentals are generally. 
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, thanks for asking that. Brookdale is about 7% of our NOI. And you're right, the coverage has been improving, and it's at about 1.3x on a trailing basis. And again, the trends in those markets also support a lot of intermediate-term occupancy increases. And so there are lots of positive outcomes for Ventas as we think about that, which is as you mentioned, at the end of 2025. 
Omotayo Okusanya: So I guess structurally, you expected to stay the same as a triple net? 
J. Hutchens: So I think when we say we have a lot of positive options. I mean these communities are in markets that also have a tremendous upside from a supply-demand standpoint, the demand metrics are excellent. 
 To the same point Debbie made on Kindred, the trailing coverage is always a little out of date. So there's even better performance, I'm sure to come. So we like the opportunity really in any structure to own these communities. And that's the positive opportunity that we're facing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. 
Juan Sanabria: I just wanted to just wanted to ask around acquisitions, and it seems like you've got another group of properties maybe you're looking at. How we should think about funding that? And how you think about your cost of capital with leverage still relatively high but definitely improving. 
Robert Probst: Sure Juan, I'll take that one. Thanks. Starting with the financial returns that we're seeing on these investments, which Justin articulated are really, really attractive even at the current cost of capital. We talked last earnings call about the fact that on balance sheet financing can work given those returns, and in fact, baked that into our guidance. And that's what we executed on in the first quarter. We fully funded those senior housing investments with equity.
 And as we look forward, given the pipeline, what we've incrementally added to guidance is more disposition proceeds at the source. So another couple of hundred million across asset classes as a source of funds just because we see the opportunity in front of us. So pretty much doing what we said and building more dry powder would be my summary. 
Juan Sanabria: And a follow-up for Justin on the 1,000 basis points of occupancy upside on the U.S. portfolio. I guess, first, is that a same-store comment or an overall portfolio comment and kind of where is the starting point now. And what do you see as the kind of the structural ceiling for occupancy knowing there's always some churn of customers or seniors in and out of the communities. 
J. Hutchens: Great question. So first of all, it's obviously U.S. focused and it's a total SHOP, and we're running just under 80% occupied in both our independent living and assisted living products in the U.S. It's about 2/3 assisted living in the U.S. in our total SHOP portfolio. We do see a lot of upside. The structural upside opportunity in my view, through experience and philosophically is 100% occupied. And we have several communities that are at 99%, 100% occupancy. And so there's nothing like a completely full community to really demonstrate the operating leverage and also just deliver great care and services. And so that's the goal.
 And we have operators that are starting to deliver on that goal, certainly in Canada, it's starting to happen in the U.S. in certain markets, and we'll keep driving. And it's just great to have so much demand at our doorstep and to be able to look forward and have confidence around the opportunity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. 
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just two quick ones. So one, trying to connect the dots on the occupancy here. You put a lot of bread crumbs in the presentation, obviously, starting with 1,000 basis points occupancy upside than we're seeing here that you finally hired senior VP and senior housing. The Ventas OI and sort of the occupancy gains you're getting on that CapEx investment. I guess the question to be direct is, is 275 to 300 basis points of occupancy gain a year. Is that the new normal, and if not, like what would be sort of stopping that? 
J. Hutchens: So a couple of comments in response here. So I mentioned that our U.S. is projected to be over 300-basis-points occupancy growth this year. So that's a set to think about. I also mentioned that we're just at the beginning of the key selling season. So we'll be seeing how that plays out. You make a good point. We're optimistic about the trends leading into it. So we'll see where that goes.
 We have made a new hire, senior VP of senior housing and chief revenue officer for senior housing. This person will introduce when she starts in the first part of June, but her job really will be to lead the SHOP platform to drive performance and has a very, very strong background in top line performance in senior housing and in hospitality, and she's held leadership roles in global Fortune 500 companies. 
 So really excited about the addition of the team and continue this momentum and work with what is really a tremendous existing team. That's really been driving the OI platform. And I think the new addition will just make us even stronger. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein of Bank of America. 
Joshua Dennerlein: The SHOP occupancy update in 1Q, that was better than you guys were expecting and then you revised the outlook higher for the year. My question revolves around, is that driven by like the market being better, so like the beta being driven from the aging of America? Or is there some kind of like alpha overlay that you guys are doing internally that's driving better customer demand, and that's why you're getting this like uplift. If the latter, could you just maybe elaborate on what you're doing to drive that alpha? 
Debra Cafaro: It's both. And I sort of take the macro and then I defer to Justin on all of the kind of OI-driven actions and initiatives to deliver outsized performance within a demand-driven macro. 
J. Hutchens: That's great. And it all starts with the macro for sure. And then within that, we've been working for quite some time to make sure we're well positioned to take advantage of this great opportunity. 
 A couple of examples. One is just price volume optimization, and this is really the opportunity to ensure that we really -- we maintain our market position. A good example would be Sunrise and Atria, which are well invested, well established operators in local markets. And as we adjust pricing over time, we want to make sure that we're maintaining the relative position in the market. We back tested this, and we -- over the past year, we've had big increases in average move-ins in those companies.
 And then there's other examples. Sinceri jumps out to me as one where we made -- we took actions to invest in the properties and put the new operator in place. And then we've tracked the performance relative to market and they're outperforming market. 
 And so that's an opportunity. The overall CapEx investment we highlighted in our earnings deck where we've had year-over-year growth of 470 basis points of occupancy and a street rate growth of over 9%. So it's a combination of a lot of activity and actions and helping to give our operators some strategic support as they do the great job of executing on a day-to-day basis. 
Joshua Dennerlein: On a different note, you guys have the Brookdale warrants. I know they're exercisable through year-end 2025. Just how are you guys thinking about essentially exercising those. I know they're really in the money, which is how do you think about using those as a potential source of capital? 
Robert Probst: Yes, I'll take that one. You're right. We have 16 million warrants at $3 a share. So clearly deeply in the money. And that is, again, another source of funds as we think about the opportunity to both create value recognized gains and invest behind senior housing real estate. And obviously, about 1.5 years left in terms of duration, but a clear opportunity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico of Scotiabank. 
Nicholas Yulico: Maybe just a bigger picture question on kind of the focus for the company right now in terms of -- there is a lot of opportunity to invest in seniors housing. If we fast forward a year from now, is Ventas going to be a larger company, more assets owned, higher senior housing exposure. How should we think about that sort of investment pipeline, how you could capitalize on it? 
 Because I think year-to-date or what's in the pipeline is somewhat neutral. You have acquisitions, dispositions roughly matched. How do you think about sort of growing the portfolio right now? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we're -- again, we're executing on the strategy. The driver of organic growth is obviously driving the bus. We're going to -- as the second largest owner of senior housing with the platform that we have and access to capital, we're layering on external growth focused on senior housing that part of the portfolio is definitely going to grow. And we're committed to taking advantage of this multiyear opportunity and the kind of returns that we're seeing in the market for good assets at high yields with high growth potential, we are going to find a way to make those acquisitions and make senior housing a larger part of our overall portfolio. I mean it's already over half with job at 40% and growing. And I think you're going to see those trends continue. 
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Second question is just -- I know you have the slide in there again on the attractive time to invest in senior housing. And talks about year 1 FFO per share neutral/accretive for the investments, realizing that, obviously, there's a long runway here when you're thinking in the long term. But how should we think about your focus on -- at what point is it year 2? How should we think about accretion happening because obviously, earnings growth is important, people focus on that. 
Debra Cafaro: Definitely. And we are, too. Bob? 
Robert Probst: I think going in yields relative to cost of capital, roughly neutral, so not in the immediately accretive. But I would point you to the IRRs and the growth potential in these investments, mid-teens and an example used. That says there's attractive growth in the near term, which would drive accretion. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. 
Robert Probst: And that's what's so exciting to us. 
Debra Cafaro: And it would be near-term accretion. 
Robert Probst: Near term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra of Mizuho. 
Vikram Malhotra: Congrats on a strong quarter. Just two questions. Maybe Justin one for you. I guess I wanted to be clear, the acceleration trends you've mentioned last quarter and at prior conferences in SHOP. Is that occupancy? Or is that same-store NOI growth as you go through the year? Because you had a really strong 1Q, but the midpoint of the guide still suggests some decel through the year. I know you're being conservative, but I just want to understand the mechanics behind. Is it occupancy acceleration or SHOP acceleration or both? 
J. Hutchens: Well, first of all, occupancy is accelerating. That's -- it's been underway, and that's part of the guidance expectations that we gave. Good point. We had a real strong start to the first quarter from an NOI standpoint. So that kind of changes the trajectory of what we're expecting in terms of stepping up throughout the year. And also another good point, key selling season starts right now. So we'll give ourselves time to see how that plays out and go from there. 
Vikram Malhotra: So just to clarify, are you still -- like you said last quarter, just -- I want to make sure, is it same-store NOI growth acceleration? Or is it the occupancy acceleration. You just said the trajectory change, but are you still anticipating accelerating same-store NOI growth? 
Robert Probst: Yes. I would point you to, first off, occupancy. We posted 240 so far year-to-date. We've got 270 year-over-year. So clearly, there's going to be incremental year-over-year occupancy growth embedded in the forecast. Our range has gone up at the midpoint to 14% on NOI. We posted 15% in the first quarter, pretty close. I think we keep coming back to this key selling season notion. We're just starting that. We want to see how that one plays out. 
Vikram Malhotra: Got it. Okay. And then Debbie, if I don't know if you can maybe throw us some more tealeaves here just on the Kindred outcome. I guess, is it fair to assume the fact that you've extended by 1 month, and you've mentioned there are potentially other parties. It's unlikely that -- or it's more likely that Kindred is part of the solution, meaning it's like an all renewal or partial with other players and them just not renewing at all is off the table, just given the fact that you extended it by another month. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, happy to give as many tealeaves and more as soon as we can. I would say that we are in active discussions with Kindred and others. It's more likely that Kindred would be part of a solution going forward. But we're continuing to keep working on every alternative so that we can reach the goal, which, again, is optimizing value for Ventas shareholders and the NOI from these properties. So we're very focused, and we're very on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson of Wedbush Securities. 
Richard Anderson: So Justin, you talked a little bit about what you do with assets once you own them price optimization, investing in the properties. And also perhaps transitioning to other operators that are proving themselves to be worthy. If you do $1 billion, how much do you think will fall in the transition category? And would you be expecting any meaningful downtime whereas you get the full benefit, maybe not this year, but a year from now? 
J. Hutchens: Good question. So I'm going to step back and just talk a little bit about the [ pressure tick ]. So obviously, we've talked a lot about markets and first step is always to make sure we're entering the right markets to support upside opportunity and affordability. And then from there, we focus on the particular asset. We're focused on need-driven assisted living and memory care, and a lot of the campus is also including independent living, high-growth, need-driven product. 
 Then it's who's really in the best position to manage that. And we make the decision really not because we're trying to cause the delay. It's because we're trying to cause better performance sooner.
 So when we move a new manager in, that's our expectation. We've had very good results with transitions. There's always risk associated with the transition. Obviously, we have a lot of experience having transitioned well over 150 communities over the past few years, managing through that and getting good outcomes. And so it's going to come down to like the decision really is going to be putting ourselves in the best position to drive performance in that community. 
Richard Anderson: Okay. And then second question, I think, Bob, you mentioned a lot of what's -- or everything that's been done so far has been funded with equity. Just back of the envelope, I'm looking at like an AFFO yield of about 6%. But then when you talk about dispositions, and I think you called it OMAR, which is a new one. What -- how much how comparable are disposition cap rates to your equity cost in your view and how much of it comes out of OM and how much comes out of AR, like I'm curious... 
Robert Probst: Yes. It's a memorable acronym OMAR, outpatient medical and research. 
Debra Cafaro: The A is for and. 
Robert Probst: Yes, an. OMAR. Easier to remember. So step back, the guide of dispose of $300 million includes OMAR, but is also across asset classes, including senior housing and others. So I would say the blended cap rate is roughly mid-single digits on that, not dissimilar to the number you quoted. So again, as we think about reinvesting maybe neutral in the short run, but again, upgrading the portfolio and with the growth potential in the investments really accretive over time. So hence, capital recycling increase is another source of funds that we're very focused on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. 
Michael Mueller: I was wondering, can you give us some high-level color on how the SHOP outlook varies maybe from the AL to the IL segment. 
J. Hutchens: Yes, sure. So most of our NOI growth is coming from AL. We have -- that's going to be on the much higher end of the average, particularly in the U.S. So the IL growth really -- there'll be some growth and some contribution this year, but really more of a 2025 opportunity that we see it in terms of big contributions in the U.S.
 Occupancy trends have been excellent across our independent living portfolio in the U.S. I mentioned that we ran at 127% of prior year move-ins in the U.S. in the first quarter in independent living. We've had multiple months of occupancy growth. April looks good independent living and so there's good leading indicators in that portfolio that will ultimately drive the NOI, but AL is really leading the way right now in the U.S. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of Baird. 
Wesley Golladay: I just want to follow up on that last question regarding the IL picking up next year. Is that just more so operating leverage kicking in next year? 
J. Hutchens: Yes, exactly. So IL is a high-margin business. It has relatively high fixed costs because you're not delivering care, you're offering more limited services. So the operating leverage is very, very high. And the higher the occupancy, the more you benefit from that, and we have a long runway in terms of occupancy upside. So we look forward to some continued growth there and then see how that plays out, driving NOI moving forward. 
Wesley Golladay: Okay. And then I want to go back to that slide. You have about the $19 billion of loans. How much of those loans do you think will have some issues on the refinancing front? And has your view on the amount of distress changed over the last, call it, 6 months. On one hand, you have rates just continue to grind higher, but then the recovery is also accelerating. 
Debra Cafaro: Right. I would say that there are -- there is a large percentage of those loans that have some difficulty in refinancing without additional equity contributions. The assets are good, the markets can be good, the growth can be good. But because LTVs are lower, and as you say, rates are higher and the NOIs, many of them have not recovered to pre-COVID levels or they were newly constructed assets that really were delivered in COVID and therefore, aren't meeting their original pro formas. There's really good upside, but the refinancing mass doesn't necessarily work without significant paydowns.
 And so those owners, which again, I think, is a significant percentage of the $19 billion either have to decide if they want to reach in their pocket and put more equity in or if they can sell them for a reasonable value and just move on whether that's really where they want to go. And that's really part of that opportunity. But as Justin said, there are many other market forces that are pushing sellers to market and that are creating the overall pipeline opportunity that we're seeing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyeck of Green Street. 
Michael Stroyeck: Maybe one on the outpatient medical business. What drove the sequential occupancy decline during the quarter, whether in terms of tenant credit, asset quality or anything you can provide? And then what were the consistent themes with those move-outs, if any, compared with the recent tenant move-outs we saw second half of last year. 
Robert Probst: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question. We're actually really happy with our leasing. We've -- in the first quarter, we did 900,000 square feet of leasing, 50% more than prior year, which is terrific. And what I'm also happy to talk about is health system health has really come back. If you look at the [ COPPENHALL data ], the financials for the health systems are almost 40% higher than what they were a year ago. So they're back. They're executing on their strategy, and they're upgrading their facilities and converting nonclinical space to clinical space.
 Now to your point about the 40 basis points, that equates to about 72,000 square feet worth of lost occupancy. I can tell you that almost immediately, we re-leased 55,000 square feet of that 72,000. And in many cases, it's to essentially the same entity. I'll just give you 2 examples. One example is with a health system where an independent practice moved out and the health system who is associated with that practice and immediately lease the space back again. We have to build out the space. So occupancy goes down, but it's essentially re-leased.
 Another example is, a health system had, on a particular floor, a bunch of small suites, they wanted to just let all those go and re-lease the space as one suite, so they can have larger and more efficient practice. So those types of things are going on as vacancy, we're losing a little bit of occupancy as a health systems execute on their strategy and then that will result in better leasing, better rents later in the year or next year. 
Michael Stroyeck: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe a second question, if I may. Going back to that IL versus AL discussion. So IL meaningfully outperformed in terms of occupancy gains during the quarter. Is that a reflection of just greater demand for the IL product are more attributable to an improvement in the operations of that Holiday by Atria portfolio. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So we've had -- we definitely have had good recent momentum in our independent living portfolio that includes some Holiday communities, it includes -- former Holiday communities and include some of our existing mostly -- most of our other ILs operated by our legacy Atria within our legacy Atria portfolio. So there's been an intense effort to work with our operators to ensure that we're getting the best performance within those communities, and that continues. 
 And the whole playbook really has been used, everything from sales oversight insights, price volume optimization, CapEx investment and then the operators just really executing. And so we're really happy to see the good results and look forward to more growth. 
Michael Stroyeck: So just to clarify, it's pretty broad-based across the IL portfolio. 
J. Hutchens: Yes, it is broad-based across IL portfolio. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Austin Wurschmidt: I just wanted to hit on RevPOR. You guys assumed a firm, the RevPOR growth for the year which does imply acceleration similar to occupancy in the quarters ahead, just kind of what gives you that confidence? And is that acceleration coming from primary markets that have kind of lagged the overall portfolio? Or is it other buckets that are driving that improvement? 
J. Hutchens: Yes. One thing I just want to point out is when we gave the metrics that are supporting the SHOP guidance, you'll notice a lot of [indiscernible]. So it's approximately 8% revenue, approximately 5% RevPOR approximately 270 of occupancy lift. And then we have an NOI range. And so we left a little room for movement amongst those metrics and see how the key selling season plays out. So I don't think we're necessarily saying we're going from 4.7% to 5%.  We're just saying we expect to be around 5% and which was consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the street rate growth, broad-based for overall same-store portfolio. I mean, given some of the leading indicators you've pointed to showing strength, the occupancy acceleration. I mean what would lead you to kind of lean into that and maybe kind of test the waters on pushing that a little harder if you continue to see the strength in the demand that you see now for the last couple of quarters? 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So the part of the price volume optimization is really making sure we're priced right and where there's more demand in a market, an opportunity to move with market pricing more aggressively, we do that. So there's certain markets and certain highly occupied communities that are attracting a higher street rate, higher move-in rate. So that's definitely part of the plan. Now having said that, we have a lot of occupancy upside, and that's the big opportunity for us is to continue to play into the demand drive volume. Balance it so that we're getting the best out of just total revenue growth and then drive NOI. 
Austin Wurschmidt: And the guidance -- I was just thinking that the guidance assumes that, that 7% kind of stays steady to your point on kind of the occupancy upside? 
J. Hutchens: I mean it's a year-over-year stat. So I think you'll probably see a little bit of movement within the metric. But what we're expecting to see is growth in street rates, growth in move-in rents and growth in occupancy. 
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas for closing remarks. 
Debra Cafaro: Great. Great. I want to thank all my colleagues and also all of our shareholders, analysts and other participants today. We very much appreciate your attention and your interest in Ventas and look forward to seeing you soon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ventas Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I would now like to welcome BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, to begin the call. BJ, over to you.
Bill Grant: Thank you, Mandeep, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas Full Year 2023 Results Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our full year 2023 earnings release, presentation materials and supplemental investor package, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call, and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental investor package posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ. I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to share our strong results for 2023, discuss our advantaged position across commercial real estate, driven by large and growing demographic demand and introduce full year 2024 guidance as the senior housing multiyear growth opportunity continues to power our expectations. Let's start with results. We reported favorable results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. We produced full year normalized FFO of $2.99 per share, representing over 5% year-over-year growth, above the midpoint of the guidance range we initiated in February. As anticipated, our results were fueled by unprecedented organic property growth in our SHOP portfolio, which grew same-store cash NOI over 18% last year. Enterprise same-store cash NOI growth was supported by compounding contributions from our outpatient medical and research and triple net lease portfolios. We finished the year on a high note in the fourth quarter, delivering $0.76 of normalized FFO, representing 7% year-over-year growth and reporting accelerating same-store SHOP occupancy. During 2023, the Ventas team accomplished a great deal together. We raised over $4 billion in attractively priced capital, took effective portfolio actions, invested CapEx in our assets to position our portfolio to capture demand in strong markets, made meaningful progress toward our ambitious ESG goals, successfully integrated a $1.6 billion portfolio and expanded our VIM business. As a result, we delivered over 15% 1-year total return to shareholders, posted 2 years in a row of TSR outperformance versus the health care REIT and broader REIT indices and achieved upper quartile performance for the last 3 years among health care REITs. We still have more work to do. We are focused on driving total returns for our shareholders. As durable demand fuels the multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing, we believe Ventas offers an attractive combination of growth and value. Let me provide a few reasons we believe we are uniquely positioned to create value. We entered 2024 with momentum. Because our asset classes are benefiting from demographic demand that is strong and getting stronger, we are pleased to project another consecutive year of normalized FFO growth in the mid-single digits and the third consecutive year of same-store SHOP cash NOI growth in the double digits. Notably, our projected 2024 normalized FFO growth of 5% per share puts us in the top 20% of all REITs that have issued guidance to date. In 2024, we expect to benefit from steady growth from our outpatient medical research and triple net lease portfolios. As we look into 2025, we have 2 large lease renewals, one with Brookdale in senior housing and another with Kindred for a portion of our LTACs. In Brookdale's case, our communities are enjoying positive operating trends, and they have significant net absorption potential. In Kindred's situation, rent coverage remains challenged, and it's too early to say what the ultimate outcome in 2025 will be. Kindred remains focused on performance improvements that could benefit 2024 and 2025 financial results. In all cases, we are fully prepared to maximize NOI over time. In SHOP, January is already starting positively, with 200 basis points in year-over-year same-store occupancy growth. In 2024, we expect year-over-year normalized FFO and SHOP same-store cash NOI growth to accelerate in the second half, with a SHOP NOI exit run rate that should support continued SHOP growth in 2025 and beyond. This highly positive context is supportive of growing our senior housing presence through both organic and inorganic growth. In pursuit of delivering consistent superior performance, our strategy is to, one, continue to deliver compelling profitable organic growth in senior housing; two, capture value-creating external growth focused on senior housing; and three, drive strong execution and cash flow generation throughout our high-quality portfolio that serves a large and growing aging demographic. Our optimism for a long, durable growth opportunity in SHOP is founded on compelling supply/demand dynamics, led by a step function in growth of the over-80 population in 2024 and yet again in 2027, the lowest construction starts in senior housing since 2009 and our advantaged platform that has the team, tools, financial strength, data and operators to drive organic performance. The Ventas platform should also enable us to invest successfully. As we discussed in November, we intend to build on our compelling organic growth opportunity by layering on value-creating external investments focused on senior housing. There is a confluence of market factors giving us confidence that 2024 and 2025 should be rich with investment opportunities. We're already seeing our pipeline expand as high-quality senior housing communities in good markets with embedded growth come to market, and we have a line of sight to complete over $300 million of investments in the first half of this year. Our criteria for investments include attractive going-in yields priced at below replacement costs with projected low to mid-teens unlevered IRRs that meet our right market, right asset, right operator framework. Our broader objectives are to drive enterprise NOI and normalized FFO per share growth, increase the scale of our SHOP business, deliver strong returns on capital, support stable and growing dividend capacity and maximize value for shareholders. In sum, we delivered on our commitments in 2023, and we expect another year of normalized FFO per share and property performance growth in 2024. Our 5% projected normalized FFO growth favorably distinguishes Ventas across the REIT universe. With an attractive valuation and the growth engine of senior housing, we are focused on enabling exceptional environments for a large and growing aging population and creating value for our shareholders. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'm pleased to say our SHOP portfolio delivered double-digit same-store cash NOI growth for the sixth quarter in a row. The same-store NOI growth for the year was led by our U.S. communities with 24.5% growth complemented by our high-quality Canadian portfolio, which is over 95% occupied and continues to deliver a valuable and stable cash flow. Total SHOP same-store cash NOI growth was 18.3%, which was above same-store guidance midpoint expectations. We are happy with this attractive growth and strong finish to the year. Double clicking on the year, the results were good. Our same-store SHOP communities outperformed our expectations across all key metrics, including occupancy, REVPOR, OpEx and margin expansion. Full year same-store SHOP occupancy grew by 120 basis points. The U.S. saw 140 basis points of occupancy gains, and Canada, although already highly occupied, grew by 90 basis points. Demand strength across geographies and asset types led to accelerating occupancy growth this quarter, with 170 basis points of year-over-year growth. Furthermore, we saw 110 basis points of average sequential occupancy growth from the third quarter to the fourth. U.S. SHOP occupancy growth was supported primarily by strong demand, with move-ins that were 109% of prior year levels in the fourth quarter. REVPOR grew over 6% for the year. contributing to revenue growth of almost 8%. As a reminder, REVPOR would have been 40 basis points higher in 2023 and 130 basis points on the fourth quarter if adjusted for the Sunrise special assessment that occurred in 2022. OpExPOR performed well and was led by the U.S. with 2% growth year-over-year and 2.6% overall. Looking forward to 2024, we are excited to continue on our multiyear growth trajectory as we are expecting our third consecutive year of double-digit NOI growth in our same-store SHOP portfolio. Momentum ramped at the end of 2023, with fourth quarter occupancy accelerating, while strong pricing and higher move-ins fuel better than typical seasonal results and help 2024 to get off to a strong start. Once again, we are expecting the U.S. to be the growth engine with continued accelerating occupancy performance, with over 300 basis points growth, and expected to drive NOI growth in the mid- to high teens year-over-year. The overall SHOP portfolio is expected to grow NOI 10%, 15%.  The growing demand at our doorstep continues to support strong price and volume growth and serves a testament to the high quality and care and services and value proposition our communities provide to seniors and their families. The key assumptions that drive the midpoint of our range are average occupancy growth of about 250 basis points, REVPOR growth of about 5%, which puts the total revenue growth around 8%. January occupancy is already off to a strong start, delivering 200 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year. This performance demonstrates solid execution by our operators and continued demand. We expect the performance throughout the year to be bolstered by newly renovated properties and Ventas OI initiatives to drive a strong key selling season. 2024 OpExPOR is expected to grow in line with normal inflation. We structured our business around rate growth and occupancy growth. We are entering the sweet spot where price and occupancy are moving together to drive revenue. Margin expansion will follow as higher occupancy creates operating leverage. We have struck a balance where they are moving together, and we anticipate further margin expansion over time as higher occupancy creates operating leverage. We are capitalizing our active asset management playbook and our operators' execution, which delivered strong momentum to finish 2023 and will propel us into 2024. We expect this to build sequentially throughout the year, which means we are poised for strong year-end NOI that should propel us even further in 2025 and beyond. We are delivering on the organic senior housing growth, which is the part 1 of our strategy and my #1 priority. Part 2 is expanding our footprint. In addition to the success we are having in our existing portfolio, we look forward to capturing value-creating external growth focused on senior housing. A key tenet of our investment strategy is our right market, right asset, right operator approach. We're bringing OI tools to investment activities to help the selection process. Our top investment priorities continue to be NOI-generating CapEx in our existing real estate and senior housing acquisitions. Sellers are motivated to transact, creating numerous actionable deals. We are targeting opportunities with low to mid-teen unlevered IRRs. We seek senior housing communities that are located in submarkets with compelling supply-demand profile, strong affordability and meaningful expected net absorption projections. We are primarily expanding with existing partners with proven performance for Ventas, and plan to increase our footprint in the fast-growing IL, AL memory care combination communities. Our pipeline is growing, as we have several interesting potential investments in our sites. Our team is actively working on transactions exceeding 300 million that meet our criteria, and I look forward to adding to that as the year progresses. In summary, demand is at our doorstep. We are pleased to see the SHOP growth engine continue to be led by the U.S. and complemented by the low beta, high quality and highly valuable Canada portfolio with compounding growth. 2024 is rich with opportunities through organic growth and external acquisitions. The growth on both fronts throughout the year should support value creation in 2025 and beyond. I'm looking forward to the exciting year ahead. Bob?
Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'm going to share some highlights on our '23 performance, touch on our balance sheet and close with our 2024 outlook. I'll start by saying we are pleased with all we accomplished in 2023. We finished the year strong, with reported normalized FFO per share of $0.76 in the fourth quarter, a 7% increase versus the prior year, adjusting for the promote received in Q4 of '22. For the fiscal year '23, we delivered normalized FFO of $2.99 per share or over 5% growth year-over-year when adjusting the prior year for unusual items. The multiyear senior housing growth trajectory was in full display in '23, with SHOP total NOI increasing year-over-year by approximately $100 million. We also reported total company same-store cash NOI growth of over 8% year-over-year, which is one of the fastest organic growth rates in our company's history. Our 2023 normalized FFO of $2.99 per share was at the high end of our previous $2.96 to $2.99 guidance range, and included $0.01 per share cybersecurity revenue impact in the fourth quarter in our Ardent OpCo investment that was not contemplated in prior guidance. Pete Bulgarelli and our outpatient medical and research team delivered another year of continuous compounding growth, with same-store cash NOI increasing nearly 3% in 2023, at the high end of our guidance range. Continued strong retention and leasing activity in outpatient medical led the way. A key driver of that result is the remarkable record of tenant satisfaction in Ventas' Lillibridge property management business, which notched its fourth consecutive year of top quartile tenant satisfaction. In 2023, Lillibridge reached the 97th percentile for overall tenant satisfaction, placing it among the top 5 property managers. I'd also like to share a few comments on our balance sheet. Throughout 2023, we used our scale and access to diverse sources of capital, raised over $4 million of attractively-priced capital across multiple markets and geographies. This capital raising in 2023 in part refunded 2024 maturing debt at attractive rates. As a result, we had a robust year-end 2023 liquidity position of $3.2 billion and have relatively modest 2024 maturing debt of $800 million net of cash on hand. The attractive NOI and EBITDA growth in our SHOP business also improved Ventas' net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 6.9x in the fourth quarter, a trend we expect to continue in 2024 and beyond led by the multiyear SHOP NOI growth opportunity. Let's conclude with our full year 2024 outlook. Because our asset classes are benefiting from powerful demographic demand, we are pleased to project another consecutive year of normalized FFO growth in the mid-single digits, and the third consecutive year of same-store SHOP cash NOI growth in the double digits. For 2024, we expect net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.06 per share at the midpoint. Our 2024 normalized FFO guidance range is $3.07 to $3.18 or $3.13 per share at the midpoint, which represents 5% year-over-year growth. The $0.14 FFO per share increase year-over-year can be bridged by 3 items. We expect a $0.28 per share contribution from outstanding year-over-year property growth led again by SHOP, which is expected to grow NOI by over $100 million for the second consecutive year. This property growth is partially offset by an $0.11 per share increase in higher interest expense and the $0.03 impact of 2023 capital recycling. In terms of same-store, we expect our total company same-store cash NOI to grow between 5% and 7.5% in 2024 led by SHOP same-store cash NOI growth of 10% to 15%. Our guidance also includes new senior housing investments of 350 million, which Justin mentioned in his remarks. The low and high end of our FFO guidance range are largely described by our property NOI expectations and potential changes in interest rates. A final note on phasing. We expect same-store cash NOI and normalized FFO year-over-year growth to ramp through the year, driven by higher interest expense in the first half of '24 versus '23, and the occupancy acceleration in the key selling season in SHOP, resulting in an exit run rate that should enable attractive SHOP growth '25 and beyond. A more fulsome discussion of our '24 guidance assumptions can be found in the earnings and outlook presentation posted to our website. To close, the entire Ventas team is ready to win together with all of our stakeholders. And that concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Debbie, can you provide some additional color on your Kindred lease? I know in the business update Ventas has highlighted, Kindred has implemented some improvement -- or performance improvement initiatives, and you also highlighted that Select Medical had some really strong EBITDAR growth in 2Q and 3Q of '23. I mean are you implying that Kindred can grow into this coverage ratio? Or is that just kind of data points highlighting that there is some improvement in that coverage that could occur over the next handful of quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Right. Mike, I would tell you that obviously, the most important thing we think about in the renewal in 2025 is about what the earnings capacity of those assets is at that time and beyond. And the -- Kindred has communicated to us that they have significant initiatives underway on those revenue and expense to improve operating performance incentives. Some of those, we can see are starting to take hold. We give Select as an example because it's a public company in the same business, and it shows that significant improvements are possible. And it's really too early to say, whether and to the extent Kindred's initiatives will, in fact, take hold to improve EBITDAR in 2024 and 2025. But they are surely working on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico: Maybe just a question on the guidance for Bob. In terms of the interest expense going up this year, is there anything you can just sort of give us there in terms of some of the assumptions on refinancing? I wasn't also sure if you're assuming any change in leverage in terms of debt reduction, but perhaps you could just unpack that a little bit more.
Robert Probst: Sure, Nick. Yes. So I mentioned the $0.11 year-over-year. A big piece of that is refinancing our debt into a higher rate environment. We have $1.2 billion of debt coming due this year, and you call it in the mid-3s kind of range from having issued that debt quite -- years ago. So refinancing that in the current environment is dilutive. The volume of debt also, we have a year-over-year impact of the ELP transaction midyear last year, so we have effectively, the first half of that, that we're lapping in '24. So together, those 2 things describe the increase year-on-year on interest expense. I'd note we've included interest expense guidance, which is new to us, in order to try to help analysts' model that because I know it can be tricky, but those are the drivers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Wedbush.
Richard Anderson: Speaking of Kindred, but also Brookdale and Santerre process, if I can call it that. What are the chances that there could be some activity in 2024 to sort of reset the situation in that -- those portfolios, such that maybe there will be a temporary drag to deal with this year, so that when 2025 does come around, you've kind of addressed that and you won't have sort of this other issue to deal with in 2025, sort of make next year more of a cleaner picture. Are you thinking that you could do some -- have some activity this year preemptively on any one of those 3 buckets?
Justin Hutchens: Rich, it's Justin. Let me start with Brookdale. So Brookdale has the opportunity to extend the lease at the end of this year, to let us know, and then the lease will run through the end of '25, and we have a new lease starting in '26. That portfolio is performing well. As I said, continued improvement, has good coverage, is growing coverage and resides in markets that we think have around 1,000 basis points of upside over the next few years. So we're in a strong position there. We'll see how that plays out, but it's a good situation.
Richard Anderson: The Santerre situation, understanding you're kind of working through, but maybe there's some incremental work that has yet to be done. There's asset sales, there's things that you don't want long term. I'm just curious if there could be some preemptive work there as well?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, as you know, kind of Santerre's gotten off to a favorable start, and we are -- we've already sold some assets at favorable pricing. I think we'll continue to pick our spots and be opportunistic on that. And then in terms of Kindred, I think we'd be able to certainly say that we'll have more visibility this year, whether or not the financial impact of this year or next year. Right now, we're thinking about next year. But that -- it's too early to say, really, what form that would take, but we have the benefit of a lease that runs into May of 2025, and that's a valuable asset.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Kammert with Evercore ISI.
James Kammert: Kind of just building actually on Rich's question. In a hypothetical, if Kindred were to not extend come this May, what would the process be and how much has Ventas investigated sort of alternative operators? And what maybe cost might be associated with that, or any transitional worries that might arise as you kind of shift the portfolio again? Hypothetical, just trying to better understand.
Debra Cafaro: Jim, yes, it's kind of funny to be talking about this 25 years after I started, because this is what I was doing 25 years ago. But look, we are really well prepared. We're experienced on this. We have lots of plans and subplans, I would say. It's only really 23 assets in total, so I think that, that makes it kind of manageable. And of course, we will try to optimize the NOI of the assets. And it's a puzzle, and we have lots of tools that we've used before, and that's really what we're focused on. And I can assure you there are -- will always be kind of alternatives that we have and are ready to execute in this scenario.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph: It's Nick Joseph here with Michael. Just on the acquisition opportunities that you're seeing, you mentioned mid-teens IRRs, but just curious what the going-in yields are. I'm sure it's a range, but just kind of what you're thinking there? What the discount to replacement costs you're seeing on opportunities is? And then just what the funding plans would be for any external growth in 2024?
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. I'll start with the first part. We are seeing good opportunities in senior housing. We do target opportunities that have a discount to replacement costs. We're seeing around 20% to 30% discounts in the pipeline. In terms of return expectations, you mentioned the low to mid-teens in unlevered IRRs. We also -- obviously, there is -- the cap rate is a component of that. We tend to see around 7% right now, and there's a little bit of movement up and down, depending on the growth of the asset. So the goal is to be neutral or accretive year 1 and then have growth in the asset, which is supported by this strong and growing demand in the senior housing sector.
Robert Probst: And maybe I'll touch on the funding question. Given those returns, Nick, we think that can be an attractive proposition for shareholders. And indeed, we've built into our guidance about $350 million of investments and on balance sheet financing in order to do that. And we think we can achieve both attractive investment alternatives and delevering in the process with those types of investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just a question on, I guess, the other line items below kind of interest expense. Anything unusual between '23 or '24 or any changes, I should say, that we should be thinking about? I think about some of the Brookdale noncash amortization that's running through the numbers that presumably goes away on that lease, the initial lease, matures, correct me if I'm wrong. But just trying to see if there's any kind of unusual items from the fourth quarter of '23 that maybe you're skewing results relative to expectations from the Street. And if you wouldn't mind commenting on expectations on FAD. You gave normalized FFO, but any piece parts on the FAD would be great as well.
Robert Probst: Sure. So in terms of, as you say, below the line items, first thing to say is the guidance doesn't assume any changes in the '25 lease situation. And so it's business as usual in '24 in our guidance assumptions. You're correct to say there is Brookdale amortization from the consideration we received in that restructure a number of years ago being amortized. If and to the extent we have a restructured deal there, that would be affected, but ultimately, it could be an outcome that depends on the deal itself. In terms of FAD, I would say FAD growth -- this is operating FAD, I would expect to grow in line with FFO year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: I was just looking at the presentation you put out, and I saw on Slide 40, it looks like there's a footnote related to class action litigation in your SHOP segment. Can you go over just what that's related to?
Debra Cafaro: Josh, sure.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, it's Justin. So -- the -- it's an issue in California, and the adjustment relates primarily to the class action suit, involves some of our SHOP properties. We don't really view suits like this to be as ordinary course in our business. They do come up from time to time, especially in California. Because they don't relate to the core business performance, we think adjustment to the FFO is appropriate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Looking at the SHOP occupancy guide for this year. Can you just talk a little bit about the, I guess, the cadence of occupancy? Does it assume more of a normal year for sort of seasonality? Or how does it compare to what you experienced in '23?
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So great question. I appreciate it. There's a Page 8 in the deck for anyone that has that in front of them. It helps to articulate this. So we had 120 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year in 2023. We had acceleration of move-ins and occupancy in the third quarter, which led to solid growth in the fourth quarter, which was at 170 basis points year-over-year in January. We're already starting at 200 basis points of occupancy year-over-year, and we are seeing better than typical seasonal results ending the fourth quarter and starting the year so far, which is really encouraging and supportive of the 250 basis points at the midpoint that we included in our SHOP guidance. So we have a good run of occupancy growth, and also, move-ins have been really strong as well. I mentioned that they're around 110% versus prior year in the fourth quarter. We've continued to see a strong move-ins at the beginning of the year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyeck with Green Street.
Michael Stroyeck: So going back to Kindred, and I'll try to ask this in a slightly different way. I know it's too early to say what the ultimate outcome will be, but hypothetically, if you did go down this path, as of today, what magnitude of rent reductions do you believe will be required in the near future in order to return those rents to a sustainable level, either for Kindred or the next operator assuming operations on those properties?
Debra Cafaro: Michael, remember, we own the assets and we own the EBITDAR in those assets. And that's an important -- that's very important. And again, it's too early to say. We have favorable trends in the Brookdale situation, and in Kindred, we hope to have favorable trends as you look out to 2025. So there's a lot more that goes into it when you think about what the outcome is going to be, and we'll be happy to share more with you as the facts develop.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Siversky with Wells Fargo.
Connor Siversky: I want to jump back to a conversation on the Q2 '23 earnings call in regard to the equitized loan portfolio, specifically the outpatient medical assets. You outlined that you were going to put in place a capital improvement plan to bring occupancy back into those assets. So I'm wondering, at this time, if you could quantify what that capital improvement plan looks like, what occupancy expectations are for those outpatient medical assets, and then what a return profile could look like for that capital improvement plan?
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think the key point, the topic sentence, and we'll get to the answer is, those assets overlap with our own portfolio in many respects. Our portfolio is over 90% occupied and managed by Pete and the team very effectively. This was under 80%. So there was -- there is and was significant occupancy upside as we get in there and self-manage those assets. And now I'll turn it over to the team to take your questions.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. Thanks, Connor. This is Pete. Yes, we're excited for the ELP portfolio. It gives us, I think, over the long haul, upside. We've been extremely active in absorbing that portfolio and renewing that portfolio. We've transitioned 44 of our locations to Lillibridge management using the Lillibridge playbook. We've surveyed all the tenants. We have specific asset plans for each of the buildings. And we're really happy with the results so far. We have increased occupancy by about 1%, and we're also well above plan in our underwriting. So as it relates to how we look forward on this portfolio, we expect in '24 to have about a 3% increase in occupancy. And so we're very happy about that. And I wouldn't -- we will do some upgrades in the common areas and so forth. And you've seen some of the ICE capital in the supplemental here. We'll do a bit more of that. And we'll have kind of normal as-you-go tenant improvements and commissions. So I don't expect anything extraordinary out of the capital being used for that -- for the ELP portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: Just two quick, I guess, senior housing questions, if you can indulge me. First, just the comments about exit into '24 looking better, or I guess, acceleration. I'm wondering kind of what gives you that confidence, because I may be wrong, but I think the occupancy comp will get harder and the expense comp also gets harder. So I'm just wondering what gives you the confidence of acceleration, number one. And just number two, on senior housing. You guys had a great investment in Canada a while ago through the Maurice investment. I'm just wondering, though, the portfolio is now generating like 4% same-store arguably into next year. Is there an opportunity in your minds to recycle that into, say, maybe a U.S. asset where you could get higher growth?
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So let me start with the jumping off point at the end of the year. So what's happening this year is we have significant occupancy growth in our plan. Occupancy, as you know, a lot of it comes from the key selling season. We're off to a pretty good start because we're already outperforming just typical seasonality. But what's most important is what's coming next, which is that kind of May to September period, which provides occupancy growth. Typically, we see the numbers that the demand is there, we see in the underlying performance that we're executing on the demand. So that gives us the confidence that we'll be able to grow occupancy. And then when you have the build during the year, clearly, that you end up ending the year at a higher NOI. And that NOI, the point we're making is it's a good launching pad for 2025 growth when you run that through and then you start adding more occupancy on top of that. The other thing that happens is margin expansion. We're in a place right now, we're in the -- you mentioned Canada. It's 95% occupied. U.S. is around 80%, 81%. Well a lot -- most of our occupancy growth is in the U.S. And when you -- we're just at the early stage of that occupancy band where margin starts to grow, and we're at an inflection point, and so we're also looking forward to next year as well as we -- as occupancy grows, the operating leverage goes up, margin expansion could or should be more in '25. So we think there's good support for this growth, and we're executing, and it's not -- it should help the '25 number, and then the demand is such that the runway should be even longer. So we like what we're seeing there. In terms of Canada, we do have a really, really good portfolio there. And I'm really glad you asked about it because it is a core light asset, very high quality physically. It's very high quality in terms of execution, in occupancy and margin. It's been a consistent performer for us. There's good demand in these markets. It's a great operator. Primarily most of the NOI is Le Groupe Maurice in Canada. And we look forward to continuing with that, and with that relationship and the compounding growth that it can offer and also opportunities to expand that footprint over time.
Debra Cafaro: And also, as we do new investments, obviously, the percentage that, that represents of the overall SHOP portfolio and Ventas will shrink because the denominator will be growing and emphasized on U.S. senior housing. So that will change the impact as well.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. And actually, I'll take this opportunity to make one of my other favorite points. And that is that the U.S., okay, that grew 24.5% in -- for us last year in our same-store pool, and we're expecting mid- to high teens NOI growth in '24. That's the growth engine. And that's comparable to the other portfolio. They have similar upside and less stability, where Canada is what it is. It's high quality and stable. But when you blend the 2, obviously, it hampers our growth a little bit, and it's being hampered by a very high-quality, high-performing portfolio, and the U.S. is growing as well as anyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. It sounds like Kindred's a no-go here, but at least after all these years, I guess it's only 5% of NOI for this master lease and not 50% plus. So, Debbie...
Debra Cafaro: '99.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's even before my time. But you did highlight -- I want to hit on the acquisition piece a little bit. And you highlighted $300 million of investments you have confidence in completing in the first half of this year. And there's a chance it sounds like maybe that could increase, given the target-rich environment that you kind of laid out. I guess can you or Bob discuss about the funding plans for those assets and maybe where equity fits into the plan? And I'm just curious, given that line of sight, why not issue under the ATM late last year given kind of the favorable move in the stock and more attractive cost of capital you had?
Debra Cafaro: Well stated. I think, Bob, Bob, do you want to talk about funding?
Robert Probst: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, look, the returns on these investments that we're seeing make this attractive from day 1 to our shareholders in our view, even at the current cost of capital when you look at the numbers. And we started this discussion with investors really late last year at NAREIT where cap rates have changed. And I think the consensus view at that point continues to be that's a good investment. And so effectively, we've built that into our guidance in this $350 million. And I mentioned the opportunity of over-equitizing alongside that, that is also assumed. That being said, in a very disciplined way. And I think that's the important part of the narrative. And so there is some -- there are assumptions around that, but we will be very prudent in all, always, a function of the market.
Debra Cafaro: And I'm glad you asked it, too, because I think with Ventas really giving FFO guidance into '24, that really is in the top 10 of all REITs, that we are aiming to have an improved multiple that benefits and reward shareholders, and it represents a cost of capital that could be very effective as we build on the organic growth story and layer on attractive investments focused on senior housing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just a two-parter for me. Just was looking through the deck. One, I realize that the slide on the NOI recovery opportunity, it looks like you guys removed it, which was a pretty helpful slide. So I guess the question #1 would be that conviction of getting back to $1 billion. Presumably the occupancy still feels pretty good with the guidance, but has anything changed about either the views on the margins or the occupancy and the recovery story to sort of pull that slide? And then question #2, sort of part 2, is really, it's a sources and uses question because I don't see the redevelopment CapEx or the asset dispositions guidance that you guys provided last time. So could you be a little bit more specific? We know you're going to do $300 million plus or minus of acquisitions, but maybe a little bit more specificity about how you're thinking about redevelopment CapEx, dispositions and even an equity issuance.
Debra Cafaro: I liked that Slide, too, but I'll give it to Justin to answer.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I like it. But what really dawned on us, quite frankly, is it's not high enough. It really is -- we're focused on 80% occupancy and getting back to prepandemic cash flows, and we're kind of moving beyond that because we see the ceiling can be a lot higher and the demand backdrop supports that. So we don't want to put a ceiling on the opportunity. We think it's more over time. We've got a good run rate established. We're putting up $100 million -- around $100 million a little bit more per year in the SHOP portfolio. So we decided to move on, try to focus on looking forward. One of the things that, before I'll hand over to Bob, I just want to mention on the -- you mentioned CapEx projects. I just want to throw in something on the senior housing. We did complete 167 projects by the end of '23, and that those started in October of '22. And so we had a really strong run of getting our portfolio refreshed. We think there's about another 70 that completes by this May for the key selling season and then another group of 82 or so, hopefully, by the beginning of next year's key selling season. So we're well past halfway done and like the opportunity to do more and increase our opportunity to be competitive.
Robert Probst: That's a good segue to some of the assumptions you asked about in our guidance, especially redev. Let's start there. So we said our #1 use of cash is investing behind senior housing redevs. You're seeing the growth that's coming from that in the attractive returns. So last year was $210 million round numbers of redev. Because the projects are starting to come down, and I'd mentioned in previous calls we're going to normalize over time, we would expect some reduction in that redev spend this year. I'll call it $175 million in 2024. And again, that should normalize over time as these projects complete. Other assumptions, capital recycling, we are assuming, after $450 million of dispositions last year, our current guidance is $100 million. So a significant reduction, and those are very focused on some senior housing noncore assets in that $100 million. And then finally, on the equity assumption. To just underscore what I mentioned earlier, we do have, in our assumption, both investments and the funding of that. The share count is listed in the assumptions that comes out of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Wedbush.
Richard Anderson: Sorry to keep things going, but what the heck. I want to ask perhaps an unanswerable question. So you guys lead the league in kind of normalization between NAREIT FFO and normalized FFO. There's a lot in there. You have $0.13 of normalizing factors in your guidance. To what degree can we -- does that offer an opportunity for -- I don't know, if something were to materialize during the year, it sort of allows you to maintain your guidance? I'm -- there's a lot of movement in your presentation that's really difficult to model, let's put it that way. Is there a way to either tighten it up, or does it offer opportunity to say, well, we can do something with Kindred this year, and we're not going to have to change our guidance in the process. I know, unanswerable, but I do feel like it's way more complicated than perhaps it needs to be, is the main point.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one part I would comment on is that we are very disciplined about it and don't lead the league in any -- and this is an area we don't want to lead the league in, and we can talk about that further. It's a very defined category, and we use it as such. So, Bob...
Robert Probst: [Indiscernible] measuring between NAREIT FFO and normalized FFO across peers, I would suggest to you that they're very similar in terms of our numbers. And by benchmark, well, I would [indiscernible]...
Debra Cafaro: You would say benchmark [indiscernible].
Richard Anderson: How often do you hit that number? How confident you are to hit that $0.13 number, I guess, is the question. How predictable is that to you?
Robert Probst: Which $0.13 number, Rich?
Richard Anderson: The [indiscernible] between NAREIT and normalized FFO.
Robert Probst: I see. Some of those are market-based, importantly. I'll just highlight one, which is Brookdale warrants. We have $16 million of Brookdale warrants, and that is mark-to-market every quarter, and there's a lot of volatility in that. And that flows through between NAREIT and FFO normalized [indiscernible] adjustment, and that's impossible to predict. But we think in terms of portraying the underlying performance of the business is absolutely the right adjustment to make it normalized. So that's a good example.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: I just wanted to clarify the legal costs that were normalized. Is that -- are those just legal fees, but there's -- is there like an associated potential fine that Ventas may be liable for, and is this hard to know? Or is that just a one-off and we won't hear more about it from here on? Number one. And number two, if you could just clarify the $300 million acquisition, how should we think about accretion going forward in terms of like potential cap rates and how you see that flowing to the bottom line?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. It's a typical litigation reserve and it affects us and other REITs. And in terms of the acquisition investment opportunities, I think, again, looking at the pipeline that we have, I think Justin talked about 7% plus or minus going in cap rates, which is affected by the growth rate, leading to low to mid-teens IRRs, which, depending on how we fund, will be -- that's how the accretion, obviously, in year 1 will be determined. We're not counting on a lot of accretion into year 1, but rather enhancing our growth rate over time. And we think that those IRRs are attractive, and we want to expand our presence in U.S. senior housing.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just a quick follow-up for me, focused around dispositions again. I was curious if you have a bit of a background on the 2 R&I assets disposed of in the fourth quarter as to why you chose to sell those. The cap rates looked a little elevated from the outsider's perspective. And then just curious if -- what your latest thoughts on the Santerre SNF business is? Are you kind of happy to hold what's remaining there, which is still fairly substantial, I guess, and comfortable with that SNF exposure? Or how are you thinking about that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So on the latter part, as I mentioned, I think we'll be -- we'll pick our spots on disposing of certain of the Santerre assets over time. Including the SNF. We've been -- we've sold some at very attractive per bed valuations, and we're happy with that. And on the -- what was the -- the others were embedded purchase options that we got in the acquired portfolio with universities who have a better cost of capital than God. So they chose to exercise them. So that's all that was.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: All right. Mandeep, thank you very much, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. It's a pleasure to speak with you and have a chance to answer your questions. We really appreciate your interest in Ventas, your support of Ventas, and we look forward to seeing you again soon.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ventas Reports Third Quarter Results Conference Call. I would now like to welcome BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations to begin the call. BJ, over to you.
BJ Grant: Thank you, Manny. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Ventas third quarter financial results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our third quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package, and presentation materials, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of topics may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call, and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental investor package posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. I'm happy to welcome you to the Ventas third quarter 2023 earnings call. We're pleased to deliver a strong quarter of normalized FFO of $0.75 per share, representing 6% year-over-year growth and total company same-store cash NOI growth of nearly 8%. Our results reflect both the actions we have taken to drive performance and the powerful demand across our diversified portfolio. that is unified in serving the needs of a large and growing aging population. We are also pleased to raise our full year 2023 normalized FFO guidance midpoint to $2.98 per share. Our senior housing operating portfolio fueled our performance, proving the significant benefits that our communities and operators provide to residents and their family. Same-store year-over-year cash NOI growth exceeded 18%, driven by Ventas' operational insights platform in collaboration with our operators. Our Canadian SHOP communities ended the quarter at nearly 96% occupancy and delivered 6% year-over-year NOI growth. Across the SHOP business, move-in significantly exceeded 2019 levels and the portfolio experienced broad-based occupancy gains in both assisted and independent living. Spot occupancy accelerated in the third, gaining 180 basis points from the beginning to the end of the quarter. The multiyear growth in recovery cycle in senior housing is in full swing. In addition, our outpatient medical and research portfolio continued to distinguish itself by delivering solid compounding consistent growth in the third quarter. As we step back and look across commercial real estate, we continue to believe that Ventas occupies an advantaged physicians. Here are five key reasons why. First, because our portfolio is unified in serving the needs of the nation's large and growing aging population, demand is strong and getting stronger. By 2030, 20% of the US population more than 70 million individuals will be 65 or older. The over 80 population alone is expected to grow 24% in the next five years. All of our asset classes benefit from these demographic demand trends and provide powerful tailwinds to our enterprise in a variety of economic scenarios. In senior housing, we're facing the most favorable supply-demand fundamentals the industry has ever experienced. Senior housing starts are at cyclical lows and likely to go lower due to tightening credit conditions. In our SHOP markets, we have virtually no new starts. This favorable supply-demand relationship creates a compelling backdrop for multiyear growth ahead in senior housing, occupancy and rate, particularly in light of the affordability of senior housing and the value proposition it provides. Second, investment opportunities continue to grow in the senior housing space, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. There is a huge pool of quality senior living communities with attractive return profiles that are coming to market as a result of debt maturities and higher debt service costs. These communities tend to have meaningful runway for occupancy and NOI growth in the hands of well-capitalized experienced and knowledgeable owners like Ventas. This trend should accelerate in 2024 and 2025. We have the scale, team, relationships, capital access, analytical and operational insights and experience to expand our senior housing portfolio and create NOI growth. Third, we've continued to build out our Ventas Investment Management, or VIM platform. VIM provides Ventas another way to expand the opportunity set that benefits our institutional investors and public shareholders alike. This quarter, we invested over $200 million through our open-end fund. Fourth, Ventas has assembled the nation's leading business at the intersection of medicine, research and universities. Our high-quality outpatient medical portfolio is well occupied and affiliated with leading health care systems across the country. Our research business represents a differentiated credit-driven model centered on serving the nation's top universities and our excellent internal property management and leasing function enables us to deliver an outstanding experience to our tenants and drive leasing activity. We continue to see meaningful institutional demand in our university-based research portfolio. And I'd like to give you just a few recent examples. Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist recently announced its intention to create a new 160,000 square-foot Eye Institute at our redevelopment site in the innovation quarter at Wake Forest. At Arizona State University, the National Institutes of Health or NIH, recently leased space for medical research, demonstrating the desirability of our site and creating a magnet for other researchers. In addition, Siemens Medical Solutions recently leased space at our $0.5 billion Charlotte, North Carolina project, which is already 80% pre-leased. And last, we are pleased to welcome Dr. Drew Weisman, recent Nobel Laureate to our Penn site at One U [ph] City later this year. We are proud to serve these world-class medical and scientific leaders as they pursue life-changing discoveries. Fifth and finally, we continue to demonstrate access to multiple capital markets at attractive pricing to maintain financial strength and flexibility. We have raised nearly $3 billion year-to-date in various capital markets ahead of the recent rise in interest rates. These actions enhance our liquidity and underscore the competitive advantages Ventas has because of our size, scale and diversified enterprise. Across Ventas, we are laser-focused on maximizing fundamental performance and generating superior total return for shareholders by enabling exceptional environments that meet the needs of individuals, families and communities. In closing, we are pleased to improve our 2023 outlook and to see that while we certainly have more work to do. Our total returns to shareholders over the last one and three-year periods and since the beginning of 2022, have outperformed both the health care REIT and the REIT indices. The whole Ventas team remains intent on delivering outsized value to its shareholders and other stakeholders. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I will start by reporting our third quarter SHOP results, which were very good. Broad-based demand combined with the implementation of the Ventas OI active asset management playbook in collaboration with our operators delivered healthy top and bottom line growth in SHOP during the quarter. Our SHOP portfolio continues to deliver double-digit same-store cash NOI growth for the fifth quarter in a row. The NOI growth of 18.2% was led by the US with 24% growth and our 95% occupied Canadian portfolio contributed 6%. Occupancy accelerated throughout the quarter. with 180 basis points of spot occupancy from June to September, led by the US with 210 basis points. US SHOP occupancy growth was supported primarily by strong demand with move-ins that were 120% at 2019 levels. Furthermore, we saw 130 basis points of average sequential occupancy growth from the second quarter to the third. Revenue growth was 7.6% year-over-year, driven by the occupancy growth as well as RevPOR growth of 6.2%, which was led by the US with 6.4% as we continue to focus on optimizing price and volume to maximize NOI. RevPOR would have been 20 basis points higher if adjusted for the Sunrise Special Assessment that occurred in the quarter last year. OpEx performed well with 4% growth and margin expanded 230 basis points year-over-year. Now, I'll give an update on the holiday independent-living communities. We are pleased with the performance across this portfolio. The 75 holiday by Atria US IL communities are benefiting from the broad-based demand and saw spot occupancy increase by 190 basis points from July to September. We continue to see good performance in this more streamlined portfolio which allows for enhanced focus and with a renewed sense of urgency to execute. We will continue to closely monitor the performance. The 26 IL communities that moved to proven operators grew spot occupancy by 140 basis points from July to September. These three operators are making early improvements to service delivery and performance. Our expert approach of move-in communities to new operators ensures that lead banks are transferred immediately, websites are integrated and management, including the CEOs, have access to the communities well ahead of the transition date to enable quick execution and results. We continue to advance the OI platform and its impact on the portfolio. I'm pleased to see outsized performance in our Sunrise portfolio, where our move-in volume is exceptionally high, our transition communities are experiencing remarkable occupancy and RevPOR growth and our NOI generating CapEx program, which is delivering initial returns of about 20%. As we look to finish the year, we are expecting attractive top and bottom line SHOP same-store cash NOI growth of 17% to 19% for the full year. The key assumptions that drive the midpoint of our range are average occupancy growth of about 110 basis points and RevPOR growth of about 6%, which was total revenue growth to at least 7.5%. We expect operating expenses at around 4.5% growth due to increased occupancy. This, of course, implies continued margin expansion. Embedded in this guidance is the impact of the Sunrise Special Assessment that occurred in the third and fourth quarters of last year. Had Sunrise repeated the special assessment in 2023, our SHOP full year NOI guidance midpoint would have been 200 basis points higher, this impact reverses out in Q1 2024 as Sunrise intends to return to the normal first quarter cadence during this rate increase cycle. We expect the fourth quarter to exhibit normal seasonal patterns and are projecting sequential and year-over-year average occupancy growth. The strong demand supporting our portfolio growth is indicative of the macro backdrop that Debbie described and most importantly, a testament to the high-quality care and services that we are offering our residents and their families. Our operating partners are focused on delivering a valuable living experience for our residents, a meaningful work experience for our employees and a value proposition that is attractive to our residents and their families as they choose to live in our communities. Moving onto investments. We made two investments in the quarter through our VIM platform's open-ended fund. We acquired a trophy portfolio consisting of two outpatient medical facilities, totaling 281,000 square feet located in Tucson, Arizona, fully leased to AA- rated Banner Health. The purchase price was $134 million. These buildings are crucial and Banner's delivery of care and services, providing multi-specialty clinical care. We also acquired two Class A private-pay senior housing assets with 181 units in Connecticut, Massachusetts. The purchase price was $79.5 million, the assets were developed and sold by Benchmark senior living and two private equity firms. Benchmark is a strong regional operator with a long-standing reputation as a market leader in the Northeast. Our top investment priorities continue to be NOI generating CapEx in our existing real estate and senior housing acquisitions. Now, I'll hand over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'll share some highlights of the Q3 performance in our outpatient medical and research and equitized loan portfolios, turn to the enterprise results for the quarter, discuss our balance sheet, and close with our updated and improved 2023 guidance. Starting with some highlights from our outpatient medical business. Outpatient Medical continued its string of 3% or greater same-store cash NOI growth in the quarter. Benefiting from operational excellence as evidenced by tenant satisfaction scores, which outperformed 97% of our peers as surveyed by Kingsley. Meanwhile, our university-based R&I same-store cash NOI increased 3.3%, with occupancy growing year-over-year on the back of strong demand for space from our university tenants. This demand is evidenced by our recently completed developments at Penn and Pitt, which combined are already nearly 90% leased or committed. Ventas has experienced asset management teams continue to drive performance and value across all asset classes in the recently equitized loan portfolio or ELP. Underlying NOI performance in the ELP outpatient medical, triple-net and SHOP portfolios is trending well and our timing of taking the portfolio over is proving to be prescient. Our 2023 ELP NOI expectation remains in line with last quarter. We also pruned the ELP portfolio through the sale of 6 skilled nursing assets for a gain in the quarter at an attractive price of $60 million or $135,000 per bed. Our overall enterprise reported strong third quarter normalized FFO per share of $0.75. And representing an increase of nearly 6% year-over-year, adjusting for lapping $0.05 in prior year HHS proceeds. Total company same-store cash NOI increased 7.9% year-over-year, powered by our SHOP portfolio growth of over 18% in the quarter. In terms of the balance sheet, our liquidity is significant. We have $3.1 billion of available liquidity and which covers our 2024 maturities by over three times with our revolver undrawn and $400 million of available cash on hand. And I'm really pleased with how we realize that liquidity, namely through proactive capital raising well ahead of our 2024 maturing debt and prior to the run up in base rates. We first took action in Canada in April, then raised over $1.8 billion in attractive convertible, secured and bank debt in the summer and early fall. As a result, we've now raised $2.8 billion of capital year-to-date at an average cash interest rate below 5%. We've used these proceeds to reduce our 2024 maturities, less available cash to just $800 million. We extended our debt duration. We entered pay fixed hedges at low points in base rates, and we reduced Ventas' floating rate to just 8% from 18% earlier this year. These are strong proof points of our advantaged access to attractive capital and our skill in using that access to the benefit of our shareholders. I'll conclude with our updated and improved outlook for fiscal 2023. After another solid quarter, we are improving our full year normalized FFO guidance to now range from $2.96 per share to $2.99 per share. This guidance midpoint represents a $0.01 increase versus prior guidance and 5% growth year-over-year ex-HHS, led by broad-based property strength. As we raise our normalized FFO per share midpoint for the year, we note that 2023 is unfolding directionally as we stated at the beginning of the year, marked by significant year-over-year property NOI growth partially offset by the macro impact of higher interest rates and FX. At the full year guidance midpoint, the implied fourth quarter normalized FFO of $0.75 per share is consistent with the third quarter, with sequential property growth led by SHOP, offset by higher interest rates, FX and back-half dispositions. Total company full year same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth is maintained at 8% at the midpoint. Please see our investor presentation and supplemental disclosure posted to our website for further guidance assumptions. To close, we are pleased with the strong quarter, improved full year guidance and the commitment and skill of the Ventas team. For Q&A, we ask each caller to state one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes, thanks. Good morning everybody. Justin, you highlighted the impact that the later timing on the renewal increases or the special assessments that you send Alpha Sunrise last year is having in the portfolio. I'm curious, is there anywhere else that you dialed back either the timing or magnitude of rate increases in order to drive occupancy here recently.
Justin Hutchens: So, first of all, price volume optimization is an ongoing focus for us. You can see in our numbers the RevPOR growth year-over-year has been solid. Obviously, there was an impact from Sunrise. So, the $6.2 million would have been $6.4 million, had not been for that bad year-over-year comp. So, strong pricing power, really strong volume in the third quarter. So, we're really putting together, I think, the right balance of price and volume to drive growth.
Debra Cafaro: I think it's important to know Austin, also that last year was an extraordinary measure that had never been taken and so we -- this is just returning to normalcy with the January 1 increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Debbie or maybe Justin, you talked about kind of growing acquisition opportunities. I'm just wondering if you could kind of frame what kind of returns you might be seeing either with going in yields or unlevered IRRs. I guess to marry that, how do you sort of think about the funding of those? Is that going to be part of them? Or is that going to be done on balance sheet with a combination of equity and debt? Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Great. Question. We'll tag team that. First of all, we do see our cost of capital and the yield of senior housing investments, which were most attracted to coming into line. You noted a number of advantages that we have in terms of funding. We have liquidity. We have the VIM platform and of course, we do see these -- the volume of senior housing coming to market and yields increasing so that we feel optimistic about the cost of capital and the yields coming into an attractive focus. And I'll just turn it over to Justin to talk about what kinds of opportunities are building in the pipeline.
Justin Hutchens: So, we're seeing a number of opportunities that are really building and particularly in recent months and weeks, include the number of seller institutional -- sellers that are dealing with debt maturities or fund maturities. And we're starting to see the returns become more interesting to us. We're seeing call it, 6% to 8% in place, and it really depends on the type of asset you're buying. If it's something that has more growth, it might be low to mid-6s that can grow to an 8% or better, and then a stabilized senior housing asset in the mid-7s, and we target low double digit and in some cases, even mid-double-digit unlevered IRRs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Maybe just following up on the acquisitions. We obviously saw a medical office M&A deal announced this week. So, curious your interest in growing on the medical office side and how you're thinking about current pricing within that space relative to the IRRs you can get in other asset types?
Debra Cafaro: We really intend to lean into senior housing, where we have significant expertise and really ought to be a great owner of senior housing with our platform and our relationships. And as Justin said, double-digit low to mid double-digit IRR. So, we're very interested in that area. First and foremost, you saw that we did close in the VIM platform a medical office building, which has advantages for the VIM stakeholders, in particular, in terms of being reliable, compounding cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. Hoping you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing with Kindred given the lease expiration coming up there? And as part of that, if you could talk a little bit about how deep the operator pool is if, in fact, there is a transition that has to happen at some point? And how we should think about the delta between EBITDARM and EBITDAR coverage? Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: That was a multipart question Juan. Good morning. So, the -- a portion of the Kindred lease for 23 LTACs is up for renewal in 2025. We've talked about EBITDARM coverage being about 0.9 and what's most important, obviously, is what the earnings capacity of these assets is likely to be post 2025 in terms of thinking about the outcomes. Right now, you can see that Kindred has adopted some initiatives for improving the operating performance, which we know are focused really on cost savings, in particular, labor and contract labor. And we're seeing that even in the quarter to date, those are beginning to show early signs of improvement. And so that's how we're really thinking about the 2025 renewal/maturity. LTAC certainly have a pool of qualified operators across the country from publicly traded select to a variety of regional operators, and we're familiar with all of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Hi. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit about the pace of development leasing in the R&I portfolio that you're seeing? And has there been any material change in the past three to six months in terms of the pace?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean one of the things I talked about is at our largest project, which is in Charlotte, North Carolina, which is really at this intersection of universities and medicine and research. It's our largest project. It's one of the fastest-growing cities, and it is already 80% pre-leased. We just had Siemens sign a large lease there. And we're really at kind of the mid construction phase. And so that's the most significant, but we are seeing other leasing activity. We only have a couple of other developments underway and we are seeing leasing activity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Just -- so last quarter, you had the operator transition and looks like that's progressing pretty well. So, the question really is have you guys sort of changed sort of the way you think about the relationship with operators and evaluating it? And how do you sort of get comfortable that in 2024, there isn't sort of another surprise on the transitions or that you feel pretty good about what's coming down? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it's Justin. So first of all, just backing up a little bit, where we always start is evaluating are we in the right markets. And so we've done a lot of work over the past years to make sure that we're well-positioned to benefit from the recovery. If we're in markets that we didn't think we're going to provide attractive growth for our respective assets, we've had dispositions. And we've used that part of the toolbox in terms of making sure that the assets are well-positioned, we've obviously made investments into our communities. And then -- we then have the operator selection and operator selection has been just a regular part of our toolbox. Certainly, shouldn't be deemed as a surprise that we're tweaking and trying to make sure we have the right fit, the best operator really to create value in those respective markets and assets. And to your point, we are pleased with the results we're getting. We had a recent transition. We had a number of things that we worked on to make sure that we could get quick results and that was getting boots on the ground. We have the management teams and the CEOs of the companies in the communities right away. We secured the lead bank so we can start executing on leads right away. We transfer the website. And the early results are good, and we're going to stay close to it and we're really pleased with the execution thus far.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey everyone. Good morning. I'm just kind of thinking about the SHOP business as we go forward. How are you guys thinking about pricing power? I understand the dynamic that's going on with the Sunrise timing, but just kind of thinking about just pricing power broadly.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it's Justin. So, the pricing power over the past few years has really been very, very good. We have at a relatively low occupancy, this broad-based demand is allowing for appropriate pricing really to ensure that we can cover all the costs associated with delivering care and services and to deliver growth for the business, and we remain very focused on that, both from an internal pricing standpoint and external. And if we can get it right. We tend to look for RevPOR export spread usually around 2% to 3%. And that's where we're focused. And the price volume optimization is working because we're really getting growth in RevPOR, and we're seeing the occupancy growth as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning. So, I want to talk about capital. Justin, you said top priorities are senior housing investing. We went through that. And then CapEx spending. Can you talk about the cadence of how that might transpire from 2023 to 2024 in terms of the types of dollars or thinking about spending and how much more could come in 2024? Just trying to get a sort of a range to quantify that a bit? And also if you comment on the SHOP guidance of 18% at the midpoint same-store NOI guidance, how much of that is juiced by the deployment of CapEx, so you get the revenue benefit and the occupancy benefit, but you don't get the cost hit at least out of the gate. So, I'm just curious if you can comment on that. Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Why don't I start with the second part of the question and then Bob will jump in with the first part. So, we have a number of projects that are underway. We have 170 projects that should complete by the end of this year. We started on this endeavor in October of 2022. So, relatively quick execution on a number of improvements across our communities, mostly mid-market focused and also unit upgrades. We do have, obviously, the ability to measure the results. And what we do is we just simply take light communities and compare the results in those that have CapEx versus those that didn't. And where we're seeing outperformance in our communities that have benefited from the CapEx, the early results are showing a 20% plus ROI, but we're also seeing growth across the broader portfolio. So, we're benefiting from the broad-based demand across the portfolio. We're leaning into markets and assets where we want to improve our market position through investment, and it's all really coming together and working for us.
Debra Cafaro: And it's a multiyear return as well that builds on itself.
Bob Probst: In a multiyear investment, to answer that part of the question. And Page 20 of the investor deck, I think, is a good reference here, Rich, because we really started this investment in 2022 last -- really about a year ago. And are looking at completing about 170 projects by the end of this year, and you see the increased redevelopment CapEx spend of $230 million this year as a consequence. We expect that to remain at a higher level next year as we finish out the suite of opportunities. And with the returns just in quoted, we want to continue to invest there. But that will be finite and then over time, come back down to normal. So that's the flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Siversky with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning. Jesus on for Connor this morning. Thanks for having me on the call today. So, just on the equitized loan portfolio, how should we be thinking about the rest of the assets in the mix here? So, how far along is Ventas been identifying and processing the CapEx needs of the outpatient medical assets? A couple of quarters back, you were talking about using a playbook from a previous portfolio. So, I'm just wondering if you can quantify the amount and timing of these investments? And how are these leasing conversations progressing for the portfolio? And just a quick follow-up. Looks like the SNFs, you guys had some pretty favorable cash yields in the assets sold. Any color on the coverage level or remaining lease term on these assets? Thanks guys.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning Jesus. I'm going to ask Pete to talk about the opportunity in the medical office building portfolio outpatient medical that he's taken over and is deploying the Lillibridge playbook. There's a lot of opportunity, and we're obviously off to a good start there. And Pete, I'll turn that over to you and--
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks. So, we're really excited about the portfolio. So far, we have transitioned 32 buildings onto our Lillibridge platform, out of 88. So we've made great progress in the first quarter. As it relates to leasing, we have replaced about half our leasing agents. We've replaced 12 out of 23 leasing agents for people that we think are really going to run with this portfolio. We started this portfolio at 77% occupancy. We just completed our first quarter of running this portfolio. We had an 85% retention rate and we've got 200,000 square feet worth of new leasing in our pipeline. So we're very optimistic. And I'll give you -- just -- to me, it's a fun anecdote. We had this building that we inherited called Eagle's Landing in suburban Atlanta. It's a 45,000 square foot building, it was empty, 0% occupancy when we picked it up. And it's now 30% leased, and we just signed an LOI on another 20,000 square feet in the building yesterday. So, we're going to be at 75% occupancy, very shortly in that one building. So, we're optimistic about the portfolio. As it relates to capital, we are investing some capital to improve some of the infrastructure of these buildings, and we're well underway on those as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Stroyeck with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Michael Stroyeck: Good morning. Can you just provide some additional color surrounding the decline in occupancy within the MOB portfolio, the info on the type of tenant -- assets seen the decline and just what drove that would be helpful? Thanks.
Pete Bulgarelli: Sure. So, look, our occupancy is at 91.7%. And we've had some really nice gains over the last couple of quarters in occupancy. We're really happy with our retention. Retention is 82%, TTM and 88% for the quarter. We got a very strong new leasing pipeline of 600,000 square feet for the OM portfolio. And we have two off-campus, non-strategic 30,000 square things that we're considering selling. And if those were not in the portfolio, occupancy be essentially flat.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Pete.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. Just considering the success you've had with the transitions at holiday. I'm wondering, is there a plan to maybe take another bucket and transition them? Or are there any signs that there's maybe incrementally group that ABC sort of BP -- performance, given how successful the transitions have been -- and just related to that transition, can you also just address where you stand on the Brookdale lease, which I think is due in a couple of years?
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Hi, it's Justin. Let me start with the first question. So, we do have -- we have 75 communities in our same store that are operated by Holiday by Atria. Those communities were performing relatively better, and they continue to do that. I can tell you that they're now managing a more streamlined and focused portfolio with a high sense of urgency. They want to do well. I mean this is a company that's very focused on this. They've been extremely focused on sales execution and getting tour conversions up and they've had good results in the third quarter, and we're going to stay very close to this and monitor it closely, and expect to see good results. And then in terms of Brookdale, we are really happy to see improved performance across our portfolio, and it's been consistently improving. And has coverage, good coverage, and we'll look for more progress in that portfolio moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about pricing trends and how to think about going forward, particularly in the IL segment. I mean, if we're just seeing kind of broader multifamily, broader housing prices come down from an inflationary standpoint. Is there a dynamic there on pricing for independent-living that may be different versus assisted-living going forward? Any thoughts on that?
Justin Hutchens: And we certainly track the resolver markets and particularly as it pertains to independent living. But quite frankly, this price volume optimization I've been speaking to has been working for us, and we've seen really both move together price and volume moving together. And so I'd say the pricing power remains significant, and we're pleased to see the pickup in occupancy as well.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Nick.
Operator: And our next question does come from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. I just want to circle back on the investments. I know that Ventas has been kind of highlighting that there's more investment opportunities. But how active can the company be, I guess, over the next year or so? I mean are there larger portfolios out there that you're interested in or tracking? Or can you actually start pursuing some smaller deals and maybe kind of lump them in with some of your current operators that might want additional scale in their specific markets.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So, we are looking at smaller opportunities to really continue to expand our existing relationships and add new relationships and using a variety of different sources of capital to do that. I mentioned benchmark. That's an exciting new relationship for us. And certainly, we have the capability to do larger transactions as well. So, we see most of what's on the market and a lot of what's not on the market, and we're very interested in expanding in senior housing.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to circle back on the public M&A deal this week. I know you've said now a couple of times you want to lean into senior housing. But just curious, I mean, are you underwriting that transaction? And is it something that you'd be interested in pursuing at this point?
Debra Cafaro: We'd love to help you out, but we have a firm policy on not commenting on other transactions, and we have a great outpatient medical and research business, as I described, and we're really interested in investing in senior housing. And so I think you should defer those questions to the companies themselves.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Ventas' management team for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks so much. We're very pleased to deliver a strong quarter for our shareholders and improve our outlook. And all of us at Ventas really appreciate your attention, your interest in our company and we look forward to seeing you in Los Angeles. Thanks.
Operator: I'd like to thank our speakers for today's presentation and thank you all for joining us. This now concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the Ventas Reports 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
BJ Grant: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Ventas second quarter financial results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our second quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package and presentation materials, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We want to welcome you to the Ventas second quarter 2023 earnings call. We are pleased with our enterprise results this quarter of normalized FFO of $0.75 per share. This strong result reflects broad-based property NOI growth across our diverse portfolio, with all segments contributing positively and same-store year-over-year cash NOI growth of 7%. Our SHOP communities led the way, as we continued to benefit from the multiyear growth and recovery cycle underway in senior housing. Notably, our U.S. Assisted Living portfolio grew NOI 32% year-over-year. Our Outpatient Medical and Research and our Triple-Net leased portfolios complemented the SHOP growth. We are also reaffirming the full year normalized FFO per share outlook we provided to you earlier in the year. At the midpoint of $2.97 per share, our guidance reflects 5% year-over-year growth and the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. At a high level, the key drivers of our normalized FFO per share for the year are consistent with those we shared originally, that is, significant property-related growth approximating $0.29, partially offset by a $0.16 impact of higher interest rates. I’d like to unpack for you some of the recent developments and share some key highlights. We are off to a strong start with a portfolio of 153 properties we took ownership of on May 1 by converting our Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity. The portfolio consists of over 40% Outpatient Medical buildings, over 40% Triple-Net Healthcare facilities and the balance SHOP communities. There are three key components of our improved outlook for the portfolio. First, we have increased our expectations for annualized NOI from the portfolio to $104 million from about $93 million. This improved outlook is the result of our intense focus, our team’s experience and capabilities, certain positive operating trends and strong early returns. We believe the timing for taking ownership is advantageous and that our experience will help us maximize cash flow from this portfolio over time. Second, valuation, we stated last quarter that we believe the portfolio was worth about $1.5 billion, equal to the debt stack, third-party independent valuation experts now value it at 4% above that level. At our $1.5 billion cash investment basis, the per pound valuation on the portfolio is below replacement cost. Third, we replaced the $1 billion senior secured loan on the portfolio with a permanent capital structure at an attractive all-in rate, further enhancing the portfolio’s FFO contribution and demonstrating another way that Ventas’ strength can drive cash flow improvements on the portfolio over time. In addition, as previously indicated, we are also selectively starting to dispose of certain of the assets and expect to sell about $60 million in SNFs later this year at a mid-8% cash cap rate. So while we have more work to do, we have had good success so far and our cross-functional teams are intensely focused on maximizing the value and the NOI of the portfolio. Looking at our broader enterprise. In SHOP, we continue to strongly believe in and experience the demand driven multiyear growth and recovery cycle. We have runway in front of us to recapture about $300 million of NOI, as we return to pre-pandemic margins and occupancy, and perhaps, exceed that level, because of favorable and improving supply-demand fundamentals we expect over the next three years to five years. With virtually no construction starts in our markets and industry starts at the lowest level since 2011, the over 80 population is set to grow 24% over the next five years. Thus, we are well positioned to continue to enjoy outsized growth. Demand continues to be strong. Our SHOP performance in the quarter was led by U.S. Assisted Living. We benefited from strong RevPOR growth and moderating expense growth as anticipated and our highly occupied Canadian portfolio continued to shine. Occupancy in our Holiday U.S. Independent Living portfolio lagged our expectations during the quarter. These are good assets in good markets, and Justin and his team are taking significant steps to drive performance, utilizing the proven Ventas OI playbook that has been so successful since Justin joined us. Our Outpatient Medical and Research portfolio, which is about a third of our business had another outstanding quarter with nearly 4% year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth. Both Outpatient Medical and Research contributed equally to this good growth and performance, which have been impressive and consistent under Pete’s leadership. Outpatient Medical has now delivered year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth of over 3% in seven of the last eight quarters and year-over-year same-store occupancy growth for eight consecutive quarters. New leasing in the second quarter was up 35% over the prior year. Across our large 10-million square foot research portfolio, our university centered portfolio continues to benefit from a creditworthy tenant mix and a robust pipeline of leasing demand from universities and government institutions with 600,000 square feet leased in the first half to high quality tenants and we are actively engaged in late-stage conversations with multiple large users for over 0.5 million square feet. Finally, quality tenant interest continues to be high in our $425 million Atrium Health/Wake Forest University School of Medicine Development in Charlotte, North Carolina. With recent activity, we are closing in on 80% preleasing even though we are still in the early stages of construction. Moving on to capital raising. We continued to prioritize our liquidity, financial strength and flexibility. We had significant successes in raising $2.4 billion in capital across diverse markets so far this year. These transactions evidence the competitive advantage of our scale and the skill and discipline we have in sourcing attractively priced capital even during dynamic market periods. I am pleased that we are now in a net cash position with over $3 billion of liquidity. Thanks, Bob. We also have an active pipeline of investment opportunities both for Ventas’ portfolio and under the umbrella of Ventas’ third-party institutional capital management platform. In particular, we expect to complete about $0.25 billion of investment within VIM later this year, focused on core outpatient medical buildings and stabilized growing senior housing communities. With its existing capacity and investment objectives, VIM provides a competitive advantage for us as we use our platform to capture opportunities in a disruptive market for high quality assets. Overall, on the investment front, we remain focused on assets with outsized embedded growth potential and high quality stabilized assets and portfolios with good risk reward characteristics. Cap rates continued to show a wide dispersion even within asset classes depending upon the credit profile, growth potential and price per square foot or unit. We see some high quality outpatient medical buildings with strong hospital systems and good credit and life science assets trading in the mid-to-low 5s. While other assets with more garden variety characteristics or risk profiles have gapped out. There is a significant opportunity in front of us to lean into the senior housing growth and recovery story as good assets with challenged financing profiles look for solutions. We are heading into the peak years for senior housing loan maturities through 2025 with over $20 billion in debt coming due. With occupancy still about 500 basis points below pre-pandemic levels and rising interest rates, we are beginning to see significant opportunities to generate higher returns on quality senior housing assets. We are well placed to capture these opportunities with our Ventas OI tools and analytics, our team, our ability to raise capital and our expanding group of operator relationships. Against a dynamic macroeconomic backdrop, we remain advantaged given our size, liquidity and the strong fundamentals across our portfolio. Our asset classes benefit from a compelling demand outlook. While the external environment this year has been unpredictable and volatile, at Ventas we have been laser focused on execution, performance and growth, and delivering returns for our shareholders. Our team has really accomplished a lot across our enterprise and handles every macro and specific challenge that’s come our way with focus and enthusiasm. I greatly appreciate their commitment to Ventas and our stakeholders. Our enterprise momentum is strong. We are capitalizing on the large and growing demographically driven demand across our business and the unprecedented organic multiyear growth opportunity in SHOP and we are pleased to confirm our enterprise normalized FFO outlook for the balance of the year. Justin?
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I will start by covering the Q2 SHOP performance. The demand story remained strong. As the top of the sales funnel, including leads and move-ins are consistently performing above pre-pandemic and prior year levels. Our SHOP portfolio continues to deliver double-digit same-store cash NOI growth, in line with our expectations for the quarter. SHOP NOI and was led by the U.S. with 32% growth and 14% overall. Margin expanded 160 basis points. Notably, the U.S. led the way with 18.5% growth and 230 basis points margin expansion, respectively. The Assisted Living results are driven by our legacy strong performers, including Atria and Sunrise. And our regional assisted living operator relationships that have joined us to transition communities over the past year and a half are delivering exceptional results as our strategy committed to ensuring we are in the right market, right asset, right operators is working. Our NOI generating CapEx program continues as we have now completed over 100 projects with 70 more planned to complete this year in our U.S. AL and IL portfolios and the early returns are excellent. These projects are all part of our CapEx budget that we established at the beginning of the year. Our highly stabilized, high quality Canadian portfolio reached 94% occupancy in the second quarter and NOI grew 2%. The revenue growth in our portfolio remained strong. Revenue grew 6.7% year-over-year, driven largely by RevPOR growth of 6.6% and led by an exceptional U.S. RevPOR growth of 7.4%. Operating expenses grew approximately 4% year-over-year, which was better than our expectations. Within OpEx, labor was better than expected as contract labor continued its downward trend and partially offset by an increase in regular labor expense. The key selling season is well underway and we had a strong ramp in June, driving 50 basis points of spot occupancy growth during the quarter. However, we didn’t see the strong performance at month end that we expected in Independent Living. Occupancy grew 10 basis points year-over-year, which was disappointing and driven by softness in our Holiday by Atria U.S. IL portfolio. We have identified 38 communities that are particularly lagging occupancy performance. Adjusting for these 38 communities, the total SHOP same-store portfolio would have achieved 17.3% NOI growth year-over-year versus 14% reported in the second quarter and the U.S. would have grown 24% versus 18.5% reported. These communities will benefit from executing the more aggressive measures in our OI playbook, including operator transitions and comprehensive redevelopments and these plans are already underway. First, we will ensure we have the right operator in place by transitioning 26 Holiday by Atria communities to existing Ventas manager relationships in Florida, Texas and California. These regional operators have demonstrated strong performance, robust sales management and they have had a solid geographic overlap with the transition asset markets. Next, we will continue our successful NOI generating CapEx program. We have completed several of these projects in our Holiday by Atria portfolio that are delivering very good results. We have another round of projects planned to complete in our Holiday portfolio by year-end. Finally, we will ensure that we are utilizing our full OI approach, which has proven to be very successful in communities that are transitioned to new operators by collaborating with the right operators and combining their intent to local market focus and execution with our respective operating expertise, best-in-class data analytics, aligned management agreements, portfolio management and capital investments, we are driving performance. Our best proof point of the successful execution is the transition 90 portfolio, where we completed the transition of 90 assisted living communities in early 2022 in regional clusters to seven different operators. We sold and are closed nine of those communities and invested CapEx across the portfolio. This portfolio has experienced net move-in growth in 13 months of the past 15 months and delivered year-over-year occupancy improvement of 370 basis points. RevPOR growth of 8.2%, and therefore, NOI has had extraordinary growth in a relatively short period of time with all seven operators contributing. These newly appointed operators have demonstrated they have the recipe for success in delivering on the value proposition for their respective residents in these markets. This is a prime example of performing on our right market, right asset and right operator philosophy. We have the playbook, we are executing and we expect to continue to drive performance across our broader SHOP portfolio. Finally, for our same-store portfolio NOI, we are reaffirming our SHOP same-store growth range of 15% to 21% ex the 38 assets. We expect full year occupancy growth of 80 basis points to 120 basis points, which is approximately consistent with the first half of the year performance. In closing, we remain very confident in the multiyear recovery in senior housing as the table is set for net absorption across the sector. Bob?
Bob Probst: Thanks, Justin. I will share some highlights of our Q2 performance, discuss our balance sheet and close with our updated 2023 guidance. Starting with 20 -- with Q2 total enterprise performance, we reported second quarter attributable net income of $0.26 per share. There are notable positive net income and NAREIT FFO impacts in the quarter arising from the equitization of the mezzanine loan and the sale of approximately 24% of our shareholding in Ardent. These impacts were excluded from normalized FFO as previously communicated. Normalized FFO per share of $0.75 in the second quarter was ahead of our expectations and increased 4% year-over-year. Meanwhile, total company same-store cash NOI increased 7% year-over-year, with all segments contributing to that growth, and our equitized loan portfolio had a strong start. A few comments on the proactive steps we have taken this year to raise capital at attractive rates and to manage our balance sheet. The market backdrop is challenging, with rates continuing to increase and the 10-year treasury currently well over 4%. We have leveraged our access to diverse sources of capital, having raised $2.4 billion at a compelling 4.6% cash rate with near-term line of sight to a further $600 million in H2. We tapped into multiple capital markets and geographies, including the U.S. and Canada, raising secured, unsecured bank debt and convertible debt across multiple maturities, as well as raising equity and selling assets. And we held down our all-in costs through 10-year treasury interest rate hedges at 3.37% and two-year pay fixed hedges on floating rate debt at 3.88% that we executed post the SVB collapse. All of these hedges are significantly in the money. The use of these capital sources is refinancing 2023 and 2024 debt maturities and most notably paying down in full the $1 billion Santerre senior secured debt, thereby replacing 2024 maturing debt with a longer duration, more permanent capital structure that is accretive to Ventas. As a result of all these efforts, our balance sheet is in a strong spot. We are in a net cash position with near-term liquidity exceeding $3 billion, which covers our limited maturing debt through 2024 by nearly 2.5 times and floating rate exposure is at 10%, the low end of our targeted range. These are strong proof points of our advantaged access to attractive capital and our skill in using that access to the benefit of our shareholders. Finally, our net debt-to-EBITDA in Q2 improved to 7.0 times versus the 7.2 times we anticipated following the equitization of the Mezz. We are committed to a BBB+ balance sheet and we expect that the multiyear SHOP recovery will continue to further improve our leverage metric over time. I will conclude with our updated outlook for 2023. After a good first half of the year, we are reaffirming and narrowing our initial February normalized FFO guidance of $2.97 per share at the midpoint for full year 2023. On a year-over-year basis, our normalized FFO at the midpoint continues to represent 5% growth on an adjusted basis. Bridging versus our initial guidance, we now expect a positive $0.04 impact from the equitized loan portfolio together with the Outpatient Medical and Research and Triple-Net segments, offset by a minus $0.04 SHOP impact driven by U.S. IL occupancy. A final step in the bridge is a positive $0.02 from proactive capital raising, offsetting a $0.02 headwind from a higher forward interest rate curve and incremental dispositions now included in guidance. Net total company same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth is now expected to reach 8% at the midpoint, 50 basis points above our initial guidance. Please see our investor presentation and supplemental disclosure posted to our website for further guidance assumptions. To close, we are pleased with the results for the first half of the year and we are committed to delivering performance and value for our shareholders in the second half and beyond. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stick to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. Justin, can you talk a little bit about how widespread the seniors housing weakness was in the IL portfolio? I know in your prepared remarks you sounded like -- it made it sound like the Atria by Holiday portfolio was largely impacted, but 38 assets were where most of it was, is that a fair comment?
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. To be a little more specific about it, we have -- all of our Independent Living communities in the U.S. that are not Holiday by Atria are doing great. They have double-digit NOI growth. They have occupancy growth that’s consistent with -- more consistent with the Assisted Living growth that we have seen. The issue is really narrowed down to Holiday and let me describe that a little bit for you. We will have 85 communities with Atria that are Holiday communities moving forward. Over half of those by the end of the year will have benefited from the redev program that I mentioned in our prepared remarks, 17 or 18 of those are done already. We have many more plans throughout the year. So the plan with those communities are staying with Atria to continue to redev program, which is generating very good results. The communities that are transitioning are going to operators that have a great track record in their respective states and have had an excellent track record for us thus far in the Ventas relationship. There’s 26 of those, they were particularly underperforming and we are confident we are putting them in good hands and we have an action plan in place to get those on track. So, I would say it, yeah, it’s really not an IL issue, it’s more of a Holiday by Atria issue and we have plans in place to address it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yeah. Hey, guys. Appreciate the time. On the Santerre portfolio, it looks like it kind of was a $0.04 positive versus like the initial guide. What in particular in the portfolio is driving that outperformance?
Debra Cafaro: So this is Debbie. Thanks for the question. I would say, we are off to a strong start there. We are -- the NOI expectations have been increased and that’s principally the reason, and that’s really from this intense kind of focus on asset management and integration and making sure we are taking all the steps we can to maximize cash flow and value.
Joshua Dennerlein: Sorry. Senior housing, is it from net lease…
Debra Cafaro: Oh! Yes.
Joshua Dennerlein: …. or MOB segment? Yeah.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. So Pete’s bringing the magic to the MOB portfolio, which is in very early stages and is the largest part of the portfolio. And then the Triple-Net Healthcare portfolio is going well and we are generating additional expectations from there. And I do want to take a minute and turn it over to Pete to talk about some of his early activities and you will get a sense for why it’s going as well.
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks, Debbie. Yeah. Thanks for the question, Joshua. Just a reminder, the MOB portion of the equitized loan portfolio is 88 assets, about 3.2 million square feet. Also, just as a reminder, of the systems that are associated with these medical office buildings, 67% of those overlap with the systems from our legacy portfolio and of the medical office buildings, 75% of them are sitting in the same MSAs as we have existing medical office buildings. So our integration efforts are much easier to do and I’d tell you we have been really busy. We have been using the Lillibridge playbook. We have done an engineering assessment for each one of the buildings. We have strategic asset plans for each one of the buildings. We have approved and are beginning to spend capital to improve the safety, efficiency and curb appeal of the buildings. We are transitioning OpEx contracts like cleaning and elevator maintenance and so forth. We think we have identified about 400,000 square feet of or $400,000 worth of savings for our tenants just by transitioning contracts. We have done a tenant satisfaction survey and we received the results and are working on action plans. And finally, we have transitioned some of the property management of these buildings. We have transitioned six this week to Lillibridge, which brings the total since May the 18 and the good news is on the MOB portion, we are about $500,000 ahead of our pro forma for this portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Kammert with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Jim Kammert: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. As regards the $0.04, let’s just call it, earnings drag associated with the reposition or to be repositioned assets, what portion of that would be maybe like transactional, legal and other just sort of contractual issues that you may not recoup versus can you get all $0.04 of earnings power more back post transition? I am just trying to better understand. Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. Yeah. The $0.04 we view as recoverable through performance improvements and it’s really all captured in the Holiday portfolio action plans that I described.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. We want to get the $0.04 back and then a lot more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Griffin: Thanks. Just going back to those assets you expect to transition. I mean, was the underperformance mainly due to kind of occupancy declines, labor issues that you saw at those facilities? Any kind of color around that would be helpful.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yeah. The biggest issue with this portfolio has been occupancy. We have had -- where we have had some successes where we invested the CapEx and that’s been a good driver of price and NOI, particularly occupancy remains a focus really across this portfolio and especially in those markets that we are transitioning. The operators are transitioning to have proven to have a robust sales management platform and have executed quickly in the communities that they have managed for us so far. So we are really excited to for them to get started.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi. Good morning. Why is the SHOP transition portfolio being done now and not before these headwinds became what seems to be pretty severe? And then the second one, why raise the relatively small amount of equity given the organic delevering visibility from the SHOP NOI recovery that’s expected to drive leverage down nearly a full turn? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. Fair question. I will take the first part. So the Holiday portfolio was an acquisition by Atria. They had acquired the Manager Holiday and they have been integrating for a period of time. We saw those integration efforts come to conclusion at the end of 2022. At that stage, we were really looking forward to the key selling season to see proof points that the merger integration had been working, and like I said in our prepared remarks, they fell short. So some of the actions were already underway, which includes the redevs. We are doing a more comprehensive redevs in several communities, as I mentioned and then we are transitioning to new operators. We are taking action, we had good visibility into the merger integration and now that we are at this stage, it’s time to step up ROI activities.
Bob Probst: I will take the second one, Jonathan, on equity.
Jonathan Hughes: And then…
Bob Probst: If…
Jonathan Hughes: Thanks, Robert.
Bob Probst: … I start with the commitment we have to our BBB+ balance sheet, which you know is real. Secondly, the Santerre equitization is 30 basis points levering, ceteris paribus, we highlighted in the last earnings call. As we also emphasized, we are putting a permanent capital structure on that equitized investment and that’s what we have been doing. And that includes equity, includes asset sales, it includes a variety of debt and so it’s really all part of balance sheet management and liquidity and leverage and that’s the rationale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. As it relates to the full year SHOP same-store NOI guidance, are you expecting a second half of the year acceleration or did you consider pulling the top end of the range down?
Justin Hutchens: In regards to the guidance, really, I will just run through it and so we are looking at cash NOI 15% to 21%. That really preserved the existing midpoint and we have good visibility that, that’s the runway. Occupancy at the midpoint, around 100 basis points, it’s consistent with the performance we have seen year-to-date. RevPOR, the same, revenue a little less than the original guide and OpEx a little less as well. So it’s pretty consistent and there’s a little bit of growth in it, because, obviously, we have been running around -- in this portfolio around 17% so in the second quarter. So a little bit of occupancy growth is contemplated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yeah. Thanks. Justin, did I hear you correctly that year-to-date growth in occupancy was around 100 basis points if you exclude the 38 assets from the same-store pool, implying no real need for acceleration? And then I am curious with same-store revenue and same-store NOI guidance have been, had you kept the 38 assets in the same-store pool and then the balance of the portfolio, is that outperforming original expectations or performing more in line? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. So on the first point on the occupancy, I am basically just saying we are expecting it to perform consistent with where it performed in the first half of the year in terms of growth supporting 100 basis points year-over-year growth. In terms of the difference in pools, the 468 is obviously performing a little better in the quarter and it’s supporting our original full year guidance. So, therefore, the natural conclusion is there’s probably less performance if you kept those communities in, that’s demonstrated in the $0.04 that we talked about earlier, that $0.04 is really pointing to the Holiday by Atria portfolio, and therefore, the actions we are taking are really to address that performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning. Two-part question I guess. One, just to follow up on Mike’s and Austin’s question. What is the same-store NOI growth year-to-date for the recast pool? And then secondly, there’s been some discussion on it as well about financial distress in seniors housing. There’s some anecdotes about some concessions or discounting being done on the new customer rates. So just curious what you have seen competitively or maybe some of your operators are doing themselves on the new rate front and if there’s -- if you have seen any of that pressure on the new customer rates.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Juan, let me take the first one. Just the first half on this pool of 468 Justin described ex the 38 assets year-over-year growing in the 18%-ish range. We highlighted in the materials, the impact of the 38 assets coming out of the pool in the second quarter. That’s 330 basis points impact positively to the growth rate. As you think about the full year pool, that’s a good proxy of the impact, and so, hopefully, that puts some numbers behind it all.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to pricing, I can say within our portfolio that our releasing spreads are as good as they have ever been historically. They have been mostly positive to slightly negative even following big rent increases in the beginning of the year. We are in the key selling season now. Clearly, operators are wanting to take advantage of that. So there’s always some kind of price movement that occurs during this period, and certainly, it’s something that we constantly look at and operators look at where can we reprice to make sure we are striking that balance between volume and rate. So I would expect to see movement in certain markets amongst operators to try to compete.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just a two-parter for me as well. So, one, it looks like you took out the pricing power slide from the 1Q deck, just going through right now. But can you remind us what in-place rent increases are, how are they trending, certainly, for the back half of the year and how you are thinking about? That is part one. And then part two is and I think others have asked this in a different way, I will give a stab at it. But just trying to really hone in on what changed over a three-month period, right, to take the SHOP occupancy down 50 basis points. It sounds like you are saying it was just the peak selling season did not progress as expected. But just wondering, shouldn’t there have been some signs or something, just maybe can you just hone in on just what really changed here?
Justin Hutchens: So -- yeah. This is Justin. I will start with the second question first and that’s the change in occupancy. As I have mentioned, what we are looking for with all the integration activities behind the Holiday by Atria portfolio, we are really looking for is key selling season. Key selling season starts in May. June, July, August are going to be particularly strong months. So all eyes are on June and you really don’t know the net impact until the end of the month. When the end of the month came in, it was disappointing. And the way models work, you have to bake in results and so that would flow through the rest of the year. As I mentioned, we have actions underway to address that trending. In terms of pricing, pricing still remained very strong. We didn’t feature it in this deck, because it’s really more of a first quarter phenomenon for us as we have high levels of in-house rent increases. We still see very strong increases on our anniversary. Those are really not -- it’s not a big part of our portfolio, but it’s more independent living, and you generally see around 7% or so in those increases, so very strong. Pricing power is, in our view, is going to continue to be a big opportunity and only gets better as occupancy goes up. We are not even close to having scarcity of value. But what we have is a backdrop that has supply-demand dynamics that supports net absorption in the sector and we are going to play into that with price and volume and we think that opportunity will continue for some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street. Your line is open.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on that last question there. Maybe I am misunderstanding page 18 in the investor deck, but it looks like occupancy guidance was reduced for the revised same-store pool. So it’s not just Atria issues driving the weakness in occupancy. Are there broader -- is there broader sluggishness in the IL portfolio outside of Atria?
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Yeah. Sure. Good -- that’s a good opportunity to clarify something. So we are moving communities away from Holiday by Atria, there’s 26 of those, we mentioned 12 redevs that we are doing. There are also communities that are remaining with Atria and there’s actions underway to help improve the performance within those, they are still in the same-store pool. They are getting redevs, but they are not the comprehensive redev that would remove them from the pool. So that’s probably where the confusion is. That remains an area of focus, even within that, the revised same-store pool, there’s Holiday communities that are -- that have a big opportunity to improve performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Hi. Thanks. My primary question is kind of similar to some of these other ones and the reasons for the underperformance in that Holiday IL portfolio. But I guess just to dive in deeper on the occupancy shortfall. Just curious on like the competitive landscape. So in other words, is Holiday just being outmaneuvered by competitors or was there just softness in those markets that hit all competitors for various reasons and it sounds like maybe pricing was not the issue. But just curious whether was Holiday just losing market share versus competitors or was everybody feeling the pinch in these particular markets? Just curious more color around that if you have been able to decipher that yet? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Sure. So I would say, there’s opportunity to keep up with the market. We can’t really point to a big macro reason or even a local market reason in these markets, it really is going to come down to execution. We are doing what we can to make them more competitive. We put new operators in place. We are putting redev CapEx in place. That will help drive pricing, NOI, volume. Atria is very focused on this. The new operators are focused on this. We are all over it. So our intent is to get them back to market and beyond.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Maybe just a quick follow-up. What would be the lowest hanging fruit then with the new operators coming in, like, what’s the easiest thing to pick up as far as number one in the list to improve performance within all the things you are going to do.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Great question. It’s sales execution. One of the things that I noted in the prepared remarks is that, leading indicators have been strong and that’s true in a lot of these communities in a lot of these markets as well. We just need to capture that opportunity. I have confidence in the new operator’s ability to do this. They are excited and ready to get started.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Austin Wurschmidt of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. You guys flagged plans to sell $63 million of SNFs later this year at a mid-8% cap rate. I guess, one, what is that on a price-per-bed basis, and then two, do you think that the mid-8% cap rate is reflective of the overall SNF portfolio? And I asked because I think we talked about at NAREIT and ability to sell some of the non-core SNFs at $80,000 to $120,000 a bed range, which would imply a lower cap rate for the overall portfolio versus the mid-8% you quoted? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So I am enjoying being back in the SNF business, especially as some of the operating trends are getting a little bit better. These are about $135,000 a bed, each of the situations within the Healthcare Triple-Net portfolio that we took ownership of is unique situation and that will change kind of cap rate and per bed valuations. But we are happy with the low 8%s and -- on these portfolios and there’s unique -- part of the value-add of this project is really the experience and the judgment to handle each one of these uniquely and get the best outcome and with these particular sales, we are doing that.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks so much and I want to thank all of you again for joining us this morning. We are excited about the opportunity ahead of us. We remain convinced of the momentum and the multiyear growth and recovery story and we are all aligned around achieving and capturing that. So we look forward to seeing you soon, and again, appreciate your participation this morning. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 13:25:00) =====
Operator: Hello and thank you for standing by. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
BJ Grant: Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first -- Ventas First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our first quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package and presentation materials which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will be also discussed on this call and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra A Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, BJ, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the Ventas First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm excited to speak with you today as we recap an outstanding first quarter underscore the momentum we have across our large and diverse enterprise and reaffirm our full year normalized FFO guidance of $2.90 to $3.04 per share. Our diversified business is unified in serving a large and growing aging population. Within commercial real estate, we are highly advantaged due to favorable demographic demand, the unprecedented organic growth opportunity we are already starting to realize and our scale, liquidity and access to capital. As a team, we are enthusiastic about the future and focused on delivering superior performance. The success we achieved in the first quarter was powered by our high-quality shop business, where the U.S. communities grew 22%, bolstered by the growth of our highly occupied Canadian communities. Our other asset classes are also contributing reliable compounding growth. With MOBs outperforming and our university centered life science R&I business benefiting from strong tenant mix, with significant demand from universities, health systems, investment-grade companies and government institutions. The multiyear growth and recovery cycle in senior housing is well underway. We have already started to capture the significant NOI upside opportunity in our current results. Looking forward, we project an incremental $300-plus million of additional NOI opportunity available from simply reaching pre-pandemic margins and occupancy of 88% in the portfolio. Beyond that target, we believe that above 90% occupancy and higher margins are also attainable because current supply-demand conditions are materially more favorable than they were during the last peak period. With 99% of our shop communities located in markets without competing new supply barriers to new construction starts and our senior housing team using operational insights to collaborate with operators and drive results. These conditions present a compelling multiyear growth opportunity. Turning to capital. The $30-plus billion scale of our platform, our liquidity and our diverse geographic footprint and business model give us access to multiple sources of attractive capital. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and our BBB+ ratings. Our third-party institutional capital management business, VIM, is also a competitive advantage for Ventas. With over $5 billion in assets under management, VIM provides a way for us to capitalize on attractive investments through cycles. In the current environment, VIM provides us and our VIM stakeholders with interesting investment opportunities. Overall, on the investment front, we're focused on assets with outsized embedded growth at or below replacement cost pricing and high-quality stabilized assets and portfolios with good risk reward in a variety of economic conditions. Now let me spend a minute on results. First quarter normalized FFO was $0.74 per share with year-over-year total company same-store cash NOI growth of over 8%. Our performance was fueled by significant property NOI growth led by SHOP. Pete Bulgarelli and his team once again delivered excellent MOB performance, generating our seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year occupancy growth and industry-leading NOI margin. As well as extending our track record of over 3% same-store NOI growth to six of the last seven quarters. Now let me touch on some other key highlights of our enterprise. Our non-property strategic investments continue to generate value. We just closed on the partial sale of our equity investment in Ardent Health Services, yielding approximately $50 million in total proceeds. This transaction is a testament to our partner, Sam Zell's ability to make outstanding investments, attract quality investors, and find excellent management teams. The price represents a greater than 4x equity multiple on Ventas' original investment basis. We retained an approximately 7.5% stake in Ardent with an implied valuation of $150 million. On May 1, we completed our previously announced plan to take ownership of the Santerre portfolio, consisting of MOBs, shop communities and triple net leased health care facilities. We believe that the conversion of our cash pay mezzanine loan into real estate ownership should produce FFO within our previously announced guidance range and that the value of the assets at March 31 approximated $1.5 billion, which is the sum of the debt stack. Our experienced team is now focused on maximizing both the value and the NOI of the portfolio over time. It's important to realize that the expected FFO contribution we are forecasting from this loan to own is substantially consistent with what we would have generated if our mezz loan had been paid in full at maturity, and we reinvested the proceeds and debt pay down. Our strong ESG practices also drive value for Ventas' stakeholders. We were proud to receive the 2023 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year sustained excellence in Energy Management Award, the highest honor awarded by ENERGY STAR. We are also committed to best-in-class corporate governance practices and are proud of the excellence independence and diversity of our Board. Finally, we were honored to recently celebrate Ventas' 25-year anniversary. I want to publicly thank all my Ventas colleagues and Board members, past and present, partners and stakeholders, including those of you listening today, who have made the significant milestone possible. With our momentum and a cohesive experience team at Ventas, we are optimistic about the prospects for our next 25 years. And now I'll turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'll start by covering our shop trends in the first quarter. Our SHOP portfolio continues to deliver exceptional results, exceeding our expectations with strong year-over-year growth driven by pricing power and cost control. SHOP NOI grew 17.4% as margin expanded 200 basis points. Notably, the U.S. led the way with 22.4% growth, attributable to strong performance in our legacy Atria and Sunrise portfolios and our transition communities with assisted living being the biggest contributor to the growth. Our Canadian portfolio, which grew 5%, continues to be a beacon of stability and high performance with exceptional margins and consistently high occupancy above 90% and in each and every quarter since the first quarter of 2019. This portfolio remains a reliable source of growing cash flow, buoyed by Le Groupe Maurice performance. The revenue growth in our portfolio remains strong. With a notable 8% year-over-year increase, the revenue growth was largely driven by the continued acceleration of RevPOR, which is a testament to the strength of our business model and our operators' unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional value to their residents. Our pricing power continues to be a driving force behind our success. In fact, we've experienced the strongest year-over-year RevPOR growth we've seen in the last 10 years, with an impressive 6.8% increase. This growth was primarily due to in-house rent and care increases as well as improving releasing spreads. In addition, we also saw a robust sequential RevPAR growth of 4.1% in spite of the fact that one of our large operators pulled forward their rent increases to the fourth quarter, which causes a less favorable comp. These results are a testament to our continued efforts to optimize pricing. Occupancy grew 80 basis points year-over-year and was down 90 basis points sequentially, in line with typical seasonality as expected. Moving on to expenses. Operating expenses grew 5% year-over-year, which is in line with expectations. Within OpEx, labor, which is 60% of the spend is playing out as expected. As the permanent employee base is increasing and replacing contract labor. That hiring has continued its positive trend for six consecutive quarters, causing contract labor to reduce by 59% year-over-year. We believe there is still room for improvement in this area, which will result in cost reduction and also improve the consistency and quality of care delivery. At Ventas, we've been committed to staying ahead of the curve when it comes to optimizing our portfolio and executing on our strategy through our right market, right asset, right operator approach, which is anchored by Ventas OI, our best-in-class data analytics platform and informed by experiential insights. Through this approach, we're leveraging data and insights to select the most promising markets for capital investments and operational improvement by carefully selecting communities are well positioned for success within those markets, identifying specific operational improvements and partnering with the right operators to drive exceptional performance. For instance, let's take a closer look at the strong performance in the U.S. I'd like to highlight that NOI growth of 22.4% was broad-based across the U.S. I'll discuss this in the context of our legacy portfolio which contains 234 long-held communities representing 71% of the U.S. same-store shop NOI and our transition portfolio, which contains 200 communities that have transitioned to new operators since the beginning of 2021 and represents 29% of the U.S. same-store shop NOI. A legacy portfolio had strong growth at 20% and our transition portfolio delivered an even better NOI growth rate of 30% on a lower NOI base. Our meticulous and strategic approach in selecting the right operators for the group of transition assets is backed by our Ventas OI methodology and CapEx investments, which is paying off and generating outstanding NOI growth. Notably, Discovery Senior Living, a Dallas and Priority Life Care are among the numerous operators that contributed significantly to the growth in the first quarter. And the future growth prospects for this group of communities across all of our operators are truly exciting. I'll double-click on Discovery is an example of the value creation thus far backed by Ventas OI. We transitioned 16 assisted living communities to them in the fourth quarter of 2021. These communities are located in a tight geographic area and in existing discovery markets. When comparing the first quarter of 2022 to 2023, their portfolio achieved 770 basis points of occupancy growth, and grew NOI by many multiples thus far. We completed 13 of the 15 planned NOI-generating CapEx projects in this portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2022. We look forward to more successful performance as these communities have benefited from a strong operational turnaround and should also benefit from the repositioning in their markets moving forward. We've seen similar results in the Priory Life and Sedaris portfolios. These are great examples of Ventas OI in collaboration with an operator with a strong regional focus delivering excellent results. We invested in the right markets with the right operators and ensure the assets are positioned well for success. We've also shared a few community-specific examples in our earnings deck. We are pleased to announce, as expected, that we are delivering over 100 NOI-generating CapEx projects in our SHOP portfolio, which when combined with the operational improvements that are already well underway -- will significantly enhance the market position of our communities in terms of rate and occupancy over time. We are already seeing excellent early returns, which is a testament to the effectiveness of our strategy and our commitment to delivering exceptional value creation, and we have more attractive opportunities planned in the near future. With the right investments and strategic focus, we believe that we have an extraordinary opportunity to drive NOI recovery in the SHOP portfolio that Debbie mentioned with the potential to generate over $1 billion in NOI when the portfolio reaches 88% occupancy and a 30% margin. While there is still work to be done to realize this potential, we're pleased with the progress we've made so far. In the first quarter of this year, our annualized run rate for NOI in the SHOP portfolio was $682 million, continuing a trajectory of growth and success. Looking ahead, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of 15% to 21% NOI growth in our year-over-year SHOP same-store pool. We expect a significant occupancy ramp throughout the year, supported by an accelerating aging demographic and muted new supply. As we approach the key selling season, which starts now. We are encouraged by very strong lead volume year-to-date and the quarter is off to a good start. Now I'll comment on investment activity. Our pipeline remains active, and our team is evaluating a select group of potential investments. high-quality, stable assets and those trading below replacement costs with growth potential are still commanding relatively low cap rates of 5% to 6%. We are seeing market disconnects as asset pricing is not fully reflecting the rising cost of capital. We are, however, seeing recent examples where the bid-ask spread is tightening, especially in Class A senior housing. We are prioritizing smaller, high-quality, high-performing relationship-oriented transactions. NOI generating CapEx remains our highest and best use of capital as we continue to drive the SHOP recovery. With that, I'll hand over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'm happy to report a strong start to the year with results ahead of our expectations. I'll share some highlights of our Q1 performance, discuss our balance sheet and close with our reaffirmed 2023 normalized FFO guidance. Starting with some highlights from our office segment. Our Medical Office business outperformed once again in the first quarter with same-store cash NOI growth of 3.1%, Ventas' MOB NOI growth and margins are best-in-class. Meanwhile, our university-based R&I same-store cash NOI increased over 3%, adjusting for $1 million of holdover rent received in the prior year. In terms of overall enterprise performance, we reported first quarter attributable net income of $0.04 per share. Normalized FFO per share in Q1 was ahead of our expectations at $0.74, led by property strength across the business, with total company same-store cash NOI increasing 8.1%. Q1 normalized FFO increased 4% year-over-year, adjusting for HHS funds received in the prior year. The year-over-year growth is largely explained by excellent SHOP NOI growth, partially offset by higher interest rates. Excluding the year-over-year impact of higher interest rates on floating rate debt, grew 11% in the first quarter. Now a few comments on our continued focus on financial strength and flexibility. We have the benefit of scale, liquidity and access to diverse forms of attractive capital. And we have an enviable multiyear organic cash flow growth opportunity. These strengths were evident in significant proactive measures taken so far this year. Some examples, we've raised nearly $1 billion already this year from diverse capital sources at attractive rates through a combination of senior loans, secured financing and asset sales, and have already substantially completed our 2023 refinancing requirements. We've now turned our focus to forward maturities. Last month, we proactively tapped the Canadian bond market upsizing after strong demand to a CAD600 million five-year senior note issuance at 5.398%, with proceeds principally used to repurchase our first tranche of debt maturing in April 2024. In addition to raising new funds, we're actively managed interest rate risk in a dynamic rate environment. Notably, in March, we executed 400 million of pay fixed, two-year interest rate swaps and at an attractive rate of 3.79%, improving our floating rate debt exposure by 160 basis points to approximately 10% in Q1 at the low end of our 10% to 20% target range. We have robust liquidity of 2.4 billion, increasing to over 2.6 billion when including additional asset sales expected in 2023. Our leverage at Q1 was 6.9x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, which was consistent with the prior quarter. Cash flow growth from our unprecedented organic NOI growth opportunity remains the most powerful driver to return to our pre-COVID 5x to 6x leverage target. A few comments on our capital plans vis-à-vis center, we expect to fund repayment of the nonrecourse senior loan which has been extended through June of 2024 on a long-term basis over time through a variety of capital sources, including asset sales. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and our BBB+ credit rating. I'll conclude with our 2023 outlook. We are reaffirming our previously issued normalized FFO guidance for full year 2023 and at $2.90 to $3.04 per share or $2.97 per share at the midpoint. As a reminder, this normalized FFO range represents outstanding year-over-year organic property growth led by SHOP, partially offset by higher interest rates. We've also reaffirmed our enterprise and segment level same-store cash NOI guidance ranges. Two points in our reaffirmed guidance that I'd like to underscore; first, our current normalized FFO guidance range on Santerre is consistent with our prior range in February, but with a different P&L composition. Taking ownership of the Santerre portfolio on May 1, has the effect of increasing NOI from the assets as well as higher interest expense from the senior debt. Second, normalized FFO guidance also now incorporates 0.02 of dilution from the proactive refinancing in Canada, which was not included in prior guidance. A final thought on normalized FFO phasing, we expect FFO in the second quarter of 2023 to be roughly stable to the first quarter FFO of $0.73 when adjusted for the $0.01 triple net catch-up cash rent collection in Q1. Sequential growth in SHOP is offset by higher interest rates. As the key selling season and shock kicks in and interest rates plateau, FFO growth is expected to pick up in the balance of 23. To close, we began 2023 with a strong start. The entire Ventas team is enthusiastic about the future and focused on delivering superior performance. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stick to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to remind everyone in order to First question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nick Joseph: It's actually Nick Joseph here with Michael. Just maybe on the Santerre portfolio, you talked about maximizing value and NOI over time. Just hoping you could quantify the opportunities that you see with the portfolio and how operationally you can get there?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. It's Debbie. Well, I think what you will see is the biggest part of the portfolio is really the MOBs, that have also been the most stable but are at probably 75% to 80% occupancy now. And so once we really put those under Pete and the team's expert oversight. We think there's upside there. On the SHOP, we would expect those assets, which are mostly for large-scale communities to benefit from the multiyear recovery and also the application of OI, again, over time. And then on the triple net health care, they've obviously been affected by COVID. They're mostly SNFs, and we would expect to see those trends that you are seeing in the SNF business improve over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Nick Yulico: Maybe a question for Bob. I know last quarter and in the March presentation, you talked about a sequential somewhat flat FFO in the first quarter, I think, around $0.71, you did I guess, $0.74, you had that $0.01 triple net catch up, but it looks like it was about another $0.02 of additional benefit there. Just hoping to understand a little bit more what that outperformance was driven by?
Bob Probst: Sure, Nick. Well said. So $0.74, I would definitely highlight the penny on the triple net catch-up brand. So that's $0.02 of outperformance really across the property portfolio. It was general strength relatively across the board, and hence, the 8% same-store growth. So, it was broad-based strength, which we're feeling good about.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jim Camrick with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Jim Camrick: Thinking about the progression for the shop NOI recovery, $300 million plus. Is that still fair to say that's a three- to four-year type objective? And what capital might be needed to achieve that in terms of a little bit higher occupancy and margin, if any? Just trying to think about the flow-through of that NOI potential.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Well, first of all, we're really encouraged by what we consider to be this early strong performance. It should be a multiyear recovery. As Debbie mentioned, the supply-demand characteristics are extremely favorable. The execution into this has been strong thus far. So we'd expect this to continue for a period of time, and we have a lot of upside. We're only 77% occupied in the U.S. We've taken actions to make sure we're well positioned to grow operationally and supported by the Ventas AI approach, and we've made CapEx investments. I've mentioned that there's been about 100 that are really completing like right now, and so that will start benefiting us now and in the foreseeable future. We do have more planned over time to help reposition and that's going to be mostly focused in this pool that I mentioned, which is the transition group. We have a very well-invested very strong performing legacy group that has really strong market position, which will also contribute to the growth and would require much less CapEx investment. So I don't think it's a really big number. I think we're spending about $1 million per community. We have 100 that have already completed, and there's more to come, and we'll talk about that in upcoming quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: I was curious. Do you anticipate keeping everything tied to the Santerre portfolio, particularly the SNF investments?
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie. Thanks for the question. I would say that we're really focused on maximizing the value in the NOI of all the assets, including that portfolio. As I mentioned, the vast majority of that are SNFs, they were affected by COVID, but I will tell you that they have -- SNFs are having some positive trends a lot of those SNFs are in states with good Medicaid reimbursement increases that are generally considered attractive states. But I'll also tell you, we haven't been shy in the past about selling nursing homes. So you can draw your own conclusions there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Siversky with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Conor Siversky: Quickly on the MOBs and the Santerre portfolio, there's a note in the deck referencing the Lillibridge playbook. Could you provide any indication or expectation as to how much CapEx could go into these assets? And then what you expect the occupancy ramp to look like?
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure, Conor. Thanks. This is Pete. We find the medical office building portfolio within Santerre to be interesting. There is a 75% overlap with the MOB, NOI in similar MSAs to ours. 75% affiliated with health systems. And we've got a 67% overlap. We like the fact they're on campus. We like the average age and the Walt is about the same as ours. But as you indicated, I mean, occupancy is an opportunity. It's 77%. Right now and also something that's relatively low and seems like an opportunity to us is an annual escalator average of 2.2%. So we think there's opportunity. Now both of those occupancy and escalators take time. You have to roll through the leases as they go. And so I think it's a multiyear opportunity for us but there is significant upside in this portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: And Pete, maybe you could just address kind of the pyramid of how you've attacked our portfolio to generate those industry-leading kind of margins and retention and so on. There is a playbook of a pyramid.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, absolutely. Yes. We view it as a pyramid. And do you have the right assets, and we feel like most of this portfolio is good for us. We need to be sure that the buildings are competitive in the marketplace. We need to be sure that the tenants are excited to be there, so we need to have high tenant satisfaction and strong relationships with the systems. We need to have a center of leasing excellence, and we need to run these buildings efficiently. And that's a Lillibridge playbook. We've improved performance dramatically in the core portfolio over the last four or five years, and we expect to do the same with Santerre.
Conor Siversky: Okay. And then one quick follow-up, if I may. Justin had mentioned that the yields on senior housing assets are pretty sticky in the current environment. So as you're addressing this select acquisition pipeline, I mean, could we expect to see more MOBs within that pool?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So there's -- we're interested in high-quality, high-performing relationship-oriented transactions as our first priority. That can definitely include MOBs we would expect CS Class A senior housing as part of that as well. We are interested in pursuing high-growth assets as well. We anticipate there will be a market for that around senior housing in the upcoming quarters. So we're casting a wide net in terms of managing our pipeline, but being more narrowly focused in the near term and using our wide variety of sources of capital to pursue the higher-quality assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: So just quickly on Page 10 of the 1Q supplement. You showed the same-store trailing five-quarter comparison for the SHOP portfolio, which is helpful. And when looking at the to 2Q trend last year, sequentially, you had about 70 bps sequential occupancy improvement last year for 1Q to 2Q. So when kind of thinking about the sequential trends from 1Q to 2Q for this year, -- just curious if you think that 70 bps is a good proxy for sequential occupancy gains for that same-store pool this year? And also, are there any notable differences in those sequential trends that you expect in the U.S. versus Canada, thinking about that?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. Good question. So we're really pleased that we gave full year guidance this year, and we're not getting into the descriptions around our performance expectations in each quarter. Last year, in terms of occupancy growth, it's pretty solid. It was even more in the prior year. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we have an aggressive occupancy ramp that we're expecting in support of our performance expectations, the key selling season starts now. So -- and we're well positioned, we think, to play within that. So we'll see how that plays out.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Just on the second part of that question, just conceptually between U.S. and Canada, anything worth calling out there one way or the other on thinking about it? Or is there nothing that sticks out at the moment?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Canada has an absolute much higher occupancy at 94% although they're still growing. And so they do experience a key selling season similar to the U.S., but they're working off of a much higher base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Justin, I wanted to follow up on the 100 CapEx projects that you mentioned over the past few quarters within the SHOP portfolio. I'm not sure if you highlighted the yields on those deals? And do you take those projects out of same store, I guess, if not, is there an earnings drag coming in through the portfolio right now as you're doing those renovations?
Justin Hutchens: Great question. We are not reporting the yields. We did give examples. Some of our early examples of communities, there's a few that are highlighted in the earnings deck. Obviously, we picked some of the better ones where we have leads that are up 150% versus prior year, and our NOI is up 400% year-over-year. And these communities that are relatively low NOI with a lot of upside benefiting from the operational turnaround and the capital investments. We're pleased to see the early results in communities like these. We expect that this is not necessarily a near-term driver of value creation. We think it's also more of a longer-term driver. When we look to invest into communities with this type of CapEx, we're looking at least for a double-digit return. Usually, it's like 10% to 15% return on that capital investment. That's -- there's a lot of moving parts to determine what the actual outcome was when you're measuring that. And to the other part of the question, these are in our same-store pool, and they do not come offline. So you'll see the full benefit of this execution in the same-store pool.
Bob Probst: As they're not particularly disruptive to the community.
Debra Cafaro: They've been carefully kind of specked out show us to minimize current disruption in cash flows and occupancy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted a congratulations on the 20th anniversary. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: I was here for 24 plus.
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to ask a couple of questions on Santerre. So excuse the kind of multipart question, but I guess, -- what is the expected leverage impact? And is that inclusive of keeping the NFS, which sounds like they may be sold? And on the SNF, can you give us a sense of the total number of units or the rent coverage there? And just the last one, if you don't mind, is the seniors housing or SHOP piece, is that traditional seniors housing or CCRCs because they sounded like they were chunkier assets?
Debra Cafaro: So, I'm going to get Bob to answer the first, and that's on a status quo basis.
Bob Probst: Status quo day one leverage is about 30 basis points impact, Juan.
Debra Cafaro: And then in terms of the senior housing, I would say, as I mentioned, the vast majority of the NOI is coming from these large-scale communities, which are all rental based and they're in good markets. And so those are -- some people call them rental CCRCs, other people call them senior housing communities. It's a nomenclature. But they're very large communities with high replacement costs in good markets, with a pre-existing operator that we have. And so that's the answer to that question. Then on the SNF, there's about 5,000 beds in the health care triple-net portfolio and -- in terms of coverage, we want to -- we'll do that at the appropriate time once we feel confident in the reported operating results and at the appropriate time, consistent with our policies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. we better say happy birthday, happy 21st as well. Life Sciences, I'm just kind of curious, again, during the quarter, with the same-store numbers, kind of large increases in same-store apex, some occupancy pressures as well. Just kind of talk us through some of kind of what happened specifically during the quarter. I think it's a portfolio where I think in the past few quarters have got occupancy losses. So just trying to understand exactly what's happening and what one can expect going forward.
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure. Thanks, Tayo. This is Pete. Good to hear from you. So look, from an operating perspective, in the same-store pool, there was a decline Bob had described that because of the holdover rent in the first quarter last year. It's adjusted for 3.2%. There's another adjustment that you should be aware of and that affected the OpEx, which also affects the NOI. Last year, we -- in the first quarter, we had a TIF credit, a large TIF credit, which is accounted for as a contra expense. And so as a result, as opposed to an 8.8% OpEx growth, it was 5.6%, if you look at it from a true organic perspective, which is below inflation. So I'm happy with that OpEx number. And then if you run it through NOI, once again, organically, not thinking about the holdover rent, not thinking about the TIF onetime TIF credit, Same-store NOI growth was 5%. And I'm pretty happy with 5% NOI growth in this environment for Life Sciences. But I'm actually even more happy about is really our leasing momentum right now. Leasing in the first quarter of '23 was well over twice what it was in first quarter of '22, substantially ahead of fourth quarter '22 as well. And what's interesting about our leasing pipeline is 60% institutional. And it's really because our focus is on the university-based life sciences markets. So they're dominated typically by government entities, universities, health systems, so on and so forth. And so they don't move very quickly, but they do move and is kind of regardless of inflation either way or life industry conditions, and so we feel very good about our pipeline, and we think it bodes well for the future.
Tayo Okusanya: Got you. And when do all these one-timers normalize out so we can get to kind of true underlying strength, and also any commentary about occupancy as well would be helpful just kind of given some of the occupancy declines in the past few quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Without those two prior year items, it would be 5% same-store cash NOI growth.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. And we have had some office tenants decide either not to renew their lease or downsize. As we said in previous calls, it's an opportunity in some cases for us to transition to lab space, and we're seeing good momentum in those lab conversions. So we're optimistic about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Just a quick one. Looking through the presentation, just the two things that jumped out. One was the pricing power slide. I think you guys have 11% plus rent increases. I think last quarter, you added 10%. So number one, I might sell to take that, that pricing is actually accelerating going into the selling season? And then number two, if I may, if I look at the NOI opportunity slide, you're talking about a potential long-term target now of 1 billion in NOI. I think previously, that number was 900 million. Maybe can you just walk us through what's driving that delta?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Bob, do you want to take the chart question?
Bob Probst: Sure. Yes. We chose to simplify the methodology, honestly, to determine what the potential is after a lot of questions around what the assumptions are and basically just say, look, pre-COVID -- occupancy was 88% and margins where NOI margins were 30% on the portfolio at that time. And hence, to get to that level, what's the NOI opportunity, and that's the 300 million. And on the portfolio today, that equates to $1 billion of NOI. And so it's really both simplification and aligning with some fear disclosure, frankly, that drives the change.
Debra Cafaro: And so that's the recovery opportunity as we think about the unprecedented kind of organic growth that could be in front of us, to get back to that level. And then as I mentioned, the conditions on the ground right now are more favorable than they were at a time prior to 2014 when occupancies go into the low 90s. And so, that's kind of the dream scenario if we can we can do that and the conditions do exist on the supply-demand side to potentially overshoot the pre-COVID targets.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And what about...
Debra Cafaro: Pricing?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I can jump in, Justin. So, on the pricing, you mentioned the slide we're showing that the contributors we have rent increases over 11%. And by the way, we have over half of our residents that will have contributed to those rent increases now at this stage. So that's great, care pricing up 9% year-over-year and the street rates up. So I mentioned RevPOR is up 6.8%. We have all of these positive contributors to that. There's a little nuances, for instance, in care pricing. Last year, there was a big spike in agency and therefore, a move to accelerate the growth in care pricing. In response to that, we're comparing to that number on a year-over-year basis. And so it's just normalized a bit. Street rates, these are very strong. They're also contributing to our positive re-leasing spreads that we've had in the first quarter where our new move-ins are paying more than people moving out on the same unit basis, which is great. We would also point out that we continue to expect to see that improve over time. As Debbie mentioned, there's a really strong supply/demand backdrop. And one thing that should happen in time is those street rate growth rates should start to match closer to the in-house rent increases, maybe in some cases, even getting ahead. We're just not there yet. There's still a lag. It's definitely growing. The market is supporting the higher pricing at the street rate level, and we would expect that over time to become even better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is George on for Vikram. Could you provide more color on CapEx for the remaining of the year? And any anecdotes of benefits to senior housing ramp from it?
Bob Probst: Sure. So I'll focus on redev CapEx because that's really the emphasis of our shop investment that Justin was highlighting. We expect $230 million this year of redev spend. That's really not only the completion of the projects, which really started last year and are completing for the key selling season but also the pipeline of opportunities behind that we see, and that adds up to 230 million. And as a use of cash in our view, is one of the highest return opportunities that we have. So we're going to invest behind those assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please go ahead.
John Pawlowski: Justin, just curious what type of growth rates are you seeing your housing operators expecting this year on wage increases for the full-time employees?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So, we've -- first of all, expenses are exactly on track to where we expected a 5% growth. Within that, the labor is the biggest piece is 60% of the expenses. We're pleased to see that the agency cost has come down. That's down to 3.3% of total labor, which is the lowest it's been -- so you have that happening. And then as you -- the net hiring has been improving and you're bringing in new people, you're onboarding, you're paying for the onboarding, so there's an offset that you see. And when I said that, there could be opportunity for improvement -- really what I'm speaking about is the opportunity for agency to continue to trend down, if it does, and then getting past the period where you have this onboarding costs. And so -- we'll see how that plays out. We certainly haven't changed any guidance or anything like that. And so far, we're right on track with the 5% overall.
John Pawlowski: Okay. But on a per FTE, I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of comp per occupied bed moving forward? What's kind of the structural per FTE wage growth your operators are seeing this year?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's higher than the 5%. So that's consistent with what we're seeing in the macro environment as you look at wage inflation, which is improving, but is improving relatively slowly. And so the benefit that we're seeing overall in labor is that the year-over-year growth rates are moderating considerably in the aggregate our ability to predict them has been very good, I would say. And within that agency is coming out at a good pace, -- and we're getting that installed base, which is very positive, but we're assuming there is reasonable wage unit inflation in that installed base. But we're still coming out ahead, and that's the key point. And as Justin said, your care is better in your culture and your communities better as you get a higher installed base. So I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Austin Worsmith with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just wanted to hit on the shop occupancy again, I'm curious, I know you guys had expected some seasonality, but did the level of sequential occupancy decrease in 1Q surprised you at all given how strong the leading indicators were to start the year? And then I'm just curious if there were any move-outs concentrated with any segment or region of the portfolio or pushback related to rent increases that drove some of that?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So first of all, the first quarter occupancy was exactly as expected. We had predicted that we'd have typical seasonality. We did. So we're right on track in that regard. To your comment, leads have been very strong. Move-ins in the first quarter were higher than the prior year and higher than 2019. There's been move out. Some of that I mentioned on the last earnings call were driven their financially-driven move-outs, which is typical, particularly when rents were pushed as high as they were, this year. So, no surprises whatsoever in terms of the execution so far and we'll look forward to seeing how the key selling season plays out.
Operator: With that, I'll turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, operator, and I want to say thank you very much to all of the participants for your interest in and support of our company. We're really happy to deliver an excellent quarter on your behalf. We look forward to seeing you in person in June.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and thank you for standing by. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to BJ Grant, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
BJ Grant: Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas fourth quarter financial results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our fourth quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package and presentation materials, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. And for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations website.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, BJ, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the Ventas fourth quarter and year-end 2022 earnings call. We are pleased to deliver a strong fourth quarter, which reflects the attractive operating and financial results of our diverse portfolio and the benefits of our key strategic initiatives. Fourth quarter normalized FFO was $0.73 per share, fueled by accelerating SHOP growth at 19%, record Medical Office Building performance and profitability from our third-party institutional capital management business, VIM. The demand fundamentals that support our business are strong and getting stronger across all Ventas asset classes, which are unified in serving the nation's large and growing aging population. After significant capital recycling and asset management actions, our diverse portfolio of high-quality senior living communities, Medical Office Buildings, R&I labs and other health care assets is well positioned to capitalize on these demand trends. In 2022, Ventas began what we believe will be a multiyear growth and recovery cycle led by SHOP and supported by favorable supply-demand fundamentals, actions we've taken in the portfolio and our post-pandemic rebound. In senior housing, there are compelling supply demand tailwinds. The over-80 population will grow at record levels in 2023. Yet, we continue to see construction as a percentage of inventory at its lowest level in five years and substantially better in Ventas markets. Over the last few years, we have taken decisive actions to position our SHOP portfolio to capitalize on this exciting demographically-led demand. We strengthened our team, enhanced our powerful analytic capabilities, rolled out the Ventas OI platform, sold, transitioned and acquired properties and invested capital in communities with strong market fundamentals, all to win the recovery. Benefiting from these trends and actions, we are well underway to recapturing the post-pandemic SHOP NOI opportunity. Our portfolio has already enjoyed significant occupancy and NOI growth from the COVID trough, and we see even more recapture potential ahead of us in the coming years as we first seek to reach 2019 performance levels and then hopefully exceed them. Bob also took significant steps to maintain our financial strength and flexibility and improve our balance sheet and liquidity. These actions garnered three positive credit rating moves in 2022 and reduced our 2023 maturities to a very manageable level. In 2022, we also continued our long history of value creation with $1.2 billion of new investments, often with key partners. These include the $425 million Atrium Health/Wake Forest University School of Medicine Development in Charlotte, North Carolina; $200 million in senior housing investments, including the acquisition of Mangrove Bay and a new development with Le Groupe Maurice, both in very attractive markets; and $300 million in MOB investments highlighted by the acquisition of an 18-property MOB portfolio leased to Ardent. Finally, we remain committed to our values, including our ESG leadership. We accelerated our progress in 2022 as we further diversified and elevated our Board and made a bold commitment to achieve net zero operational carbon emissions by 2040. These efforts will be advanced under the leadership of our General Counsel, Carey Roberts, who has the passion and experience to move us forward. Now, we enter 2023 with strong momentum. Today, we are pleased to introduce full year normalized FFO guidance representing 5% growth at the midpoint. We are projecting unprecedented organic growth in our portfolio, once again driven by SHOP, and complemented by the positive compounding contributions of our office business led by Pete. We also will continue to build out our VIM business, which already has over $5 billion in assets under management, and mine our non-property investments for value as evidenced by both the pending Ardent equity stake sale and our recently completed Atria Glennis software deal while we also seek to optimize the outcome in our Santerre loan. Finally, we will continue to invest capital wherever we find compelling opportunities to sustain and reinforce our new cycle of success. The macroeconomic assumptions underlying our forecast include some slowing of the economy, moderating inflation, softening labor conditions, and continued, albeit less aggressive Fed tightening. Against that backdrop and in many other likely scenarios, we believe our business is relatively advantaged because demographic demand for our assets is large, growing and resilient, we have demonstrated strong pricing power in SHOP and softening economic conditions should benefit our operations in multiple ways. One final note. In January, Justin assumed the additional role of Chief Investment Officer at Ventas. I know you want to join me in congratulating Justin, and I want to thank him for his continued leadership, which has been instrumental in our success and positive outlook. Working with our strong teams, Justin will use his experience and insights to create value by making good investments across our asset classes, enhancing the connection between our investment activity and business operations and deploying the powerful Ventas OI platform across our organization. And now I'm happy to turn the call over to the man himself. Justin?
Justin Hutchens : Thank you, Debbie. I'll start by noting how excited I am about the execution in our SHOP portfolio. Over the past few years, we have taken many actions to put ourselves in a position to achieve positive performance as we aim to recapture NOI in this multiyear growth and recovery cycle. We have been successful executing portfolio actions, which include over 50 triple-net communities converted to SHOP and over 130 transition to new operators. We've acquired over 100 new communities and executed 30 dispositions and 8 new developments. Finally, we have over 100 communities that are in the process of getting refreshed and are expected to complete during the key selling season. I am really proud of our tremendous team that supports our senior housing business and has executed Ventas OI, our approach to collaborative oversight where we leverage our operating expertise and best-in-class data analytics to the benefit of our operating partners to drive positive results, which has gained tremendous momentum. Our programmatic approach addresses two priorities in parallel: first, timely market, financial and operating insights to influence near-term performance and revenue-enhancing capital expenditures; second, tackling key strategic challenges that will deepen our competitive advantage and maximize the long-term value of our portfolio. Now I'll cover the fourth quarter SHOP results in our year-over-year same-store pool of 478 communities. Our SHOP portfolio continues to perform really well. The fourth quarter was ahead of our expectations while delivering excellent year-over-year growth due to pricing power, occupancy growth and moderating expenses. NOI in our Q4 year-over-year pool grew 19.1%, which is above the midpoint of our SHOP guidance range and includes 22.2% growth in the U.S., led by Sunrise and Atria, while Canada demonstrated positive growth again with 11.7% led by Le Groupe Maurice. I would like to thank all of our operating partners for their significant achievements delivering excellent services and care and financial results. We continue to benefit from operating leverage, even at this relatively low occupancy, resulting in margin improvement from 23% in Q3 to 23.6% in Q4. Same-store average occupancy grew year-over-year by 140 basis points to 82.5%. Revenue in the quarter grew ahead of expectations, increasing 8.3% year-over-year due to continued acceleration in RevPOR growth and positive trends in occupancy. Pricing power continues to impress. At 6.5% year-over-year growth, RevPOR is the strongest we've seen in the last 10 years, primarily driven by in-house rent and care increases and improving re-leasing spreads. As expected, expenses were $4.7 million per day. As a reminder, our year-over-year expense growth peaked in Q2 2022 at 11%. It reduced to 8% in Q3 and was lower again in Q4 at 6%. Leading indicators in the U.S. remain strong as we experience leads as a percentage of 2019 at 120%, move-ins at 101% and outs at 101%. Canada continues to deliver growth and high occupancy at 95%. Demand accelerated in January with move-ins at 104% over 2019 in the U.S. and 111% in Canada. Now I will cover 2023 SHOP guidance and our expanded same-store year-over-year pool, which includes 508 communities representative of 92% of our portfolio. There are three primary drivers of our positive outlook: occupancy growth, rate growth and moderating expenses. SHOP same-store cash NOI is expected to accelerate from 13.4% growth in 2022 to growth in the range of 15% to 21% year-over-year in 2023. The low and high end of the guidance range is driven by occupancy and expense performance. We expect margin expansion of 200 basis points at our midpoint. We anticipate year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint of the same-store cash NOI guidance range driven by continued strong rate growth and occupancy growth of 130 basis points to 170 basis points. With the deployment of our Ventas OI platform and excellent execution by our operators, we are able to achieve substantial rent increases this season of approximately 10%. This in combination with improved care pricing, rising street rates, and typical resident attrition results in about 6% expected RevPOR growth in 2023. It’s important to note that 80% of our revenue growth in 2023 will be driven by the RevPOR growth, much of which has already been realized as over half of our resident population have already received the rent increases.  In regards to occupancy growth, we project that more residents will move into our communities in 2023 compared to prior year. We also project our net move-ins to be higher. However, we expect to return to more normal seasonal occupancy patterns, which include typical clinical conditions and slightly elevated financial move-outs in the first quarter. We expect a significant occupancy ramp throughout the year, supported by an accelerating aging demographic and muted new supply translating to about 150 basis points of year-over-year average occupancy improvements in 2023. We also expect moderating inflationary expense impacts and lower contract labor year-over-year, with overall expense growth expected to be around 5%. Through the execution of initiatives to improve employee recruitment and retention, we have had five consecutive quarters of net hiring, which are providing the tailwinds needed to stabilize the workforce and support the moderation of expenses. Moving on to investments. I'm really excited to work with our deeply experienced investments team in my newly expanded responsibilities. I am very pleased to step into a situation where I can work to continue our strong track record and expert capital allocation. We have a wealth of existing relationships across our targeted asset classes of senior housing, life science and R&I and medical office. I look forward to contributing to the ongoing success of our investment platform by combining the advantages embedded in the enterprise with my extensive network and investment experience to drive external growth. I look forward to expanding Ventas OI across the enterprise to drive portfolio optimization, external growth and refresh redev capital across our senior housing and office portfolios. We will continue to pick our spots in investments and work with our best-in-class partners on attractive opportunities. Moving forward, I am confident in the demand drivers of the business and believe we are well positioned to continue this positive trajectory. Bob?
Bob Probst : Thanks, Justin. I'm going to share some highlights on our fourth quarter performance, touch on our balance sheet and close with our 2023 outlook.  To start, we are proud of the fourth quarter results. Throughout 2022, we were accurate in our forecasts and followed our mantra to do what we say. In the fourth quarter, normalized FFO was $0.73, at the higher end of our guidance range. Fourth quarter property growth was particularly strong, with total company and SHOP same-store cash NOI growth of 8.5% and 19.1%, respectively. I'd like to give a shout-out to Pete Bulgarelli and our Office team. Office had a great year, growing same-store cash NOI by 3.8% in fiscal year '22. And that Office result was led by our MOB business, which posted some outstanding metrics, including strong leasing performance with same-store year-end occupancy of 92%, the highest level since 2017. Tenant satisfaction measures exceeded 93% of all MOBs. Same-store operating expenses increased just 2.6% year-on-year, well below inflation. And as a result, full year '22 MOB same-store cash NOI grew 3.4%, the highest on record for the company. R&I also posted attractive organic performance, growing same-store cash NOI by 5.1% in the full year '22, led by leasing at higher rates and solid expense management. I'd highlight two other items in the fourth quarter. We earned our first promote approximating $0.02 per share as a general partner of the Ventas Fund, which was $0.01 better than our guidance. We're also eligible to earn further promotes in 2023. Second, we recognized a $20 million noncash CECL allowance on our $486 million mezzanine loan investment to Santerre Health Investors. Interest coverage on the loan has declined through year-end, but the loan remained fully current through January 2023 and full interest is expected in February. Next, a few comments on our balance sheet. Over the last two years, we enhanced our portfolio and strengthened our balance sheet through $1.3 billion in asset dispositions and loan repayments with proceeds used to reduce near-term debt. We also issued $2.7 billion of new debt in that period, extending duration at attractive pricing before the run-up in interest rates. As a result, we have just 4% of our consolidated debt or under $500 million coming due in 2023. And we've made good progress towards this refinancing, having locked in all-in cash rates of 4.2% on nearly 2/3 of this requirement. Consistent with our long-held risk management approach to maintain 10% to 20% in floating rate debt, 12% of our consolidated debt was floating in the fourth quarter. We have plans to issue $500 million in new secured fixed rate debt with proceeds designated to pay down floating rate debt in 2023, which would bring our floating rate debt to the lower end of our targeted range. We have significant liquidity of $2.4 billion at year-end 2022. And finally, our net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA improved by 30 basis points to 6.9x in the fourth quarter, with SHOP NOI growth steadily moving that ratio back toward our pre-pandemic target range. Last but not least, I'm extremely pleased to reintroduce full year 2023 guidance. This is tangible evidence that we are in a post-pandemic world, and our guidance demonstrates the exciting post-pandemic organic property growth opportunity for Ventas. The key components for our '23 guidance are as follows: net income attributable to common stockholders is estimated to range between $0.20 and $0.34 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO is forecast to range from $2.90 to $3.04 per share. We expect our portfolio same-store cash NOI to grow 7.5% at the midpoint, led by SHOP same-store cash NOI growth of 18% at the midpoint. Our '23 FFO guidance at the midpoint of $2.97 represents growth year-over-year of 5% or $0.13 per share against the rebased 2022. The FFO bridge describing the $0.13 is straightforward with two main drivers: first, we expect $0.29 from outstanding year-over-year organic property growth in SHOP; and second and partially offsetting is a $0.16 reduction, principally from the impact of higher interest rates. A stronger U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar and the pound is also a contributor. Other guidance items include receipt of over $300 million in capital recycling proceeds, no additional promote revenue, G&A approximating $151 million at the midpoint and 404 million weighted average fully diluted shares. The low and high end of our FFO guidance range are largely described by changes in the macro environment, including potential changes in inflation expectations and interest rates. A few thoughts on phasing of our normalized FFO through the year. We expect FFO in the first quarter of '23 to be roughly flat to the fourth quarter of '22 of $0.71 when adjusted for the $0.02 promote received in the fourth quarter, with the first quarter of '23 is the seasonal low point for SHOP. As the key selling season in SHOP kicks in and interest rates plateau, FFO growth is expected to pick up in the balance of '23. A more fulsome discussion of our '23 guidance can be found in the earnings and outlook presentation posted to our website. To close, we entered 2023 with momentum. The entire Ventas team is fully engaged and excited to deliver on our '23 plans and to reignite a new cycle of success for the company and our shareholders.  And that concludes our prepared remarks. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stick to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line.  With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein : I just want to ask about that Santerre Health Investors loan. Could you just provide more background why the allowance? And then, Debbie, I think you mentioned you're looking to optimize the outcome. So kind of just help us think through like the outcomes that you're expecting.
Debra A. Cafaro : Sure. The loan is part of our normal business. Over the last five years, I think we've collected about $1.7 billion in loans that we've made on health care properties or to health care operators. This particular loan took a $20 million allowance in the quarter. And we continue to be current in terms of interest, receipt of interest payments. And it's under some compression of coverage because some of the assets haven't recovered from COVID while interest rates have been increasing. And so it's really a timing issue if you want to think about it that way. And so we would expect to work through that, and we have a lot of experience and tools and rights at our disposal to do that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra : I just wanted to understand in your deck, you outlined potential CapEx investments, I guess, in SHOP and maybe triple-net to position the portfolio. I'm wondering, the CapEx was a little elevated in the fourth quarter. So I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of just like the magnitude of these investments over the next, call it, two or three years to achieve what you want with the portfolio and perhaps tie those CapEx to the bridge you've outlined in terms of the SHOP NOI growth.
Justin Hutchens : It's Justin. I'll start, and Bob you probably want to jump in. First of all, it is a large initiative. We have 100 communities that are in the process of being refreshed. We do believe that it will be impactful. It's about $1 million of pop. It should help improve performance. Certainly, we've considered that when we gave our guidance for 2023. And there's more to do. But at this stage, we picked our highest priorities and we've been executing aggressively. So we look forward to these projects coming online during the key selling season.
Bob Probst : I'd add, the $1 million of pop, we've mentioned 100 properties, that's obviously $100 million. The timing of that clearly isn't all in one quarter. It will be spread over the course of time. But these are NOI-generating opportunities. ROI-generating opportunities are indeed embedded in the forecast we've given you in terms of the NOI growth. And I believe top use of our cash, best use of our cash is to reinvest in these assets, given the backdrop of SHOP and in senior housing.
Vikram Malhotra : And sorry, could you just clarify this $100 million, is that this year or is it spread out? I'm just trying to tie it back to ultimately the FAD growth coming through because if these are multiple years of $100 million, then maybe the FAD growth gets depressed.
Bob Probst : Well, first of all, we started this last year. So you mentioned the fourth quarter seeing some acceleration. That clearly is part of it. Second point to make is just in terms of classification of the CapEx spend. This is ROI generating a redev. So you'll see that acceleration in readout. At the same time, FAD CapEx will increase. Again, the top priority is investing behind our SHOP assets. So you'll see that increase at the same time. But it's a multiyear program.
Debra A. Cafaro : And it's a multiyear NOI impact as well we will see going forward. We'll be investing into this multiyear recovery in senior housing and the supply-demand fundamentals in our market.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem : Just a quick two-parter. Thanks for the presentation. It was super helpful. Two things. The first was just the leading indicators and the lead generators being pretty strong, both in 4Q and January. Maybe just a little bit more color on what that's capturing conversion rates. Just thought that was really interesting. And then the second piece is, I think on the end of the presentation, you talked about sort of a $900 million SHOP NOI opportunity with all things said and done. If you take a step back, just curious how you guys are thinking about sort of the margin profile at that point versus pre COVID?
Debra A. Cafaro : Well, Ronald, we're glad you like the deck. We obviously pride ourselves on our analytics, but your old colleague, BJ Grant, is helping us put it in the best format for our external constituencies. So we're glad that you like it. And I'll turn it over to Justin to start to answer your question.
Justin Hutchens : Sure. So in regards to leading indicators, you've noted they're looking really good. We've had, we think, the highest fourth quarter lead volumes on record in terms of leads. Movements were solid. You noted the conversion rate. We had an operator that put in place a website upgrade intra month in December. It slowed down leads, a bit slowdown move-ins. Those move-ins have since recovered in January already, so no worries there. We expect to follow normal seasonal trends. And so you'll see move-outs be a little bit higher. We've had -- it's normal to have additional clinical move-outs. It's normal to have additional financial move-outs. And then so far in January, we're off to a strong start with move-ins at 104% of 2019 in the U.S., 111% in Canada. So all looking pretty good from a leading indicator standpoint. In regards to the margin question, there's 1 thing that we're all excited about. Obviously, Debbie noted it, I noted it, and that's the pricing power. That's really helped to accelerate our margin expansion. Occupancy growth does as well. So we do anticipate margins to continue to expand. And also, to Debbie's point, we're anticipating and hoping to get back to that 2019 level again. And margins will -- should settle out but also should continue to grow because of the strong demand for the senior housing sector.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll : Just regarding to your SHOP same-store growth forecast. Is there a meaningful difference between the legacy same-store assets versus the new properties coming in, in terms of growth? I mean, I think that a lot of the new stuff being added from new seniors, so is the growth profile of the new senior assets different than the legacy same-store portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro : Mike, I'm glad you asked that, and I'm going to ask Bob to answer it.
Bob Probst : Yes. Mike, I'd say, first off, all the pools, all of the operators are contributing really attractive growth across the board literally as you look at it. This is broad-based growth in recovery and improvement across the portfolio. And you mentioned new senior, new senior importantly part of that contribution. And when you look at the fourth quarter of '22, you'll see almost the same asset pool, and that growth in the fourth quarter reflects that broad-based strength.
Debra A. Cafaro : Yes. I mean, what I think you should like about it is we now have the vast majority of our SHOP business in the same-store pool. So that makes it more meaningful for investors to understand the performance of the business.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa : Justin, I guess I was just hoping you could speak a little bit about the occupancy growth. You picked up, I think, 300 basis points in '22. Your forecast is for 150 at the midpoint this year. So I'm trying to figure out, was the 300 maybe picking up low-hanging fruit in the early parts of the recovery and the 150 is a more normalized pace? Or do you think the 150 is a bit of a slowdown as you have maybe got a bit of a cautious view towards the economy? I'm just trying to reconcile that with the leads and the move-ins that you sort of talked about.
Justin Hutchens : Yes, that's a great question. So let me start with describing the 300 basis points, and I want to relate it to seasonality. When we grew 300 basis points in 2022, we had two things helping that growth metric. One was that Q1 of '22 performed better than typical seasonality. So very strong start in '22. There really wasn't much clinical activity at all. And so that was helping us. It was also comparing to a prior year, Q1 of '21, that was pandemic impacted. So you have a stronger start in '22 and you have a favorable comparison. Moving ahead into '23, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're experiencing normal seasonality. So we have a lower starting point in Q1, so effectively Q1 has lower occupancy than Q4. It's in line with normal seasonality. Typically, you see about 100 basis points change downward from Q4 to Q1. And then what we'll see this year is an acceleration in growth. And as I said, we're expecting more move-ins. We're expecting more net move-ins. So in fact, the growth rate in '23 will be stronger. The effective growth rate is stronger, but the average overall is at the midpoint of 150 basis points of growth.
Debra A. Cafaro : Because of timing in phasing.
Justin Hutchens : Right, exactly. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes : I appreciate the full year guidance and the confidence in the seniors housing recovery that providing that outlook conveys. But I was hoping you could give us the SHOP NOI growth guidance breakdown between the U.S. and Canada. Canada seems to have been where some of the upside versus guidance came in the fourth quarter. But I know there are price restrictions and some providence is north of the border. I'd just that breakdown between the U.S. and Canada for this year would be helpful.
Justin Hutchens : It's Justin. Well, everything is included in the full year guidance in '23. And as Bob said, everyone is contributing. Canada is at a higher occupancy. It does tend to generate less growth overall, but it is contributing growth and we'd expect the U.S. to be on the higher end of the average of the guidance range, Canada a little bit on the lower side, but with everyone contributing to the growth.
Bob Probst : I would just -- I'd emphasize 95% occupancy in Canada and we delivered 12% growth in the fourth quarter. That business is performing well. But obviously, the U.S. is the engine driving the overall midpoint.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi.
Michael Griffin : Justin, in your conversations with your operating partners, can you give us a sense what the better performing partners are doing right on the labor side of the equation? And then conversely, for those that might be underperforming, what the plan is to bring them sort of up to snuff? And ultimately, if they're not performing, could you look to transition that maybe to some of your better partners? But any expansion there would be great.
Justin Hutchens : Sure. Well, first of all, really similar to how everyone is contributing to the NOI growth in '23, all of our operating partners are contributing to the improvement in managing the labor cost and it's done a few ways. One was to professionalize the recruitment of line staff where that had been a local priority. It's become a central priority for operators. That's done through automation. It's also done by gearing your recruitment professionals towards that person. There’s more emphasis on retention as well. There was wage increases at our competitors that were put in place all the way back starting in '21 and throughout '22 to help to be more competitive. And then just extra emphasis where you have -- the leading indicator is always agency which we probably noted in our numbers that’s been coming down. But the communities entering agency or markets entering agency, that’s an indicator to make, put additional focus on that locality.  So really good execution. And there has been, I think, changes that have been made that will be lasting in terms of just process improvement.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO
Juan Sanabria: Just a question on FAD CapEx, maybe to piggyback off of Vikram’s question. Just curious I guess what the guide is for what we should be thinking about is in the '23 guide? And then as well as maybe little bit of color on what gets included in the ICE versus normal FAD CapEx. if I kind of add the two together and compare that to the average units for '22, it implies about $2,300, $2,400 per unit per year, which seems a little low given the inflation. So just curious on cap rate, kind of what we should be expecting for the year?
Debra A. Cafaro : Well, I mean start out with the principle that FAD CapEx is really routine recurring non-income producing kind of steady state activity. And then Bob will go further.
Bob Probst : The second premise is, ICE is really function of either transitioned or acquired assets, bringing up to market standard. And part of what you will see in '23 versus '22 is a reduction, significant reduction in ICE because -- simply because we haven’t had that activity in the last call it a year. So that flushes out of the system. Bringing you back to core CapEx in FAD, which I would expect to see some acceleration in, I mentioned that earlier. Again, our best use of cash to invest behind the properties, both front of house and back of house. So you will see an increase in that. And more meaningfully, the increase in redev, which is really these front-of-house refresh ROI projects, which we mentioned a $100 million number as a placeholder. So both will be going up. I think net-net-net, I would think about it in terms of the bottom line FAD contribution in 2023 also growing driven by the cash flows of the properties.
Juan Sanabria: Any dollar guidance for total CapEx spend then?
Bob Probst : No, simply the change. I'll give you a redev up by $100 million as a year-on-year as a number.
Debra A. Cafaro : You've got something out of him, Juan.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Tayo Okusanya : A quick question on the guidance side. Again, very strong underlying fundamentals built in '23. I'm trying to understand a little bit more about some of the kind of the drags on the numbers, if I may use that word, that results in the guidance. And specifically on the interest and FX side, trying to understand the FX assumptions being made and quantitatively how much of a drag that is on earnings this year, in case FX becomes better than expected? And also trying to understand the assumptions around the $500 million of refinancing that's baked into the numbers, exactly what kind of rates are you expecting to refinance that at?
Bob Probst : Great. I'll take that. So Page 14 of the deck we posted yesterday is helpful here because it really focuses on the impact of rising interest rates. Of the $0.16 I noted in the bridge, the vast majority is interest rates. And the vast majority of that is really the curve on floating rate that we see and show in the deck. FX is a contributor but a small contributor. And in large part because we have, in Canada, Canadian debt, and that's a natural hedge to what is a stronger U.S. dollar, which is having translation impact on NOI. So that's the primary driver. In terms of the $500 million this year of refinancing, again, that's in Canada, principally. And we've been able to secure some attractive pricing on mortgages in Canada. That's going to be a key source of funds as well as some agency debt here in the U.S., which we're planning to issue, which we'll use to pay down floating rate debt. And those are really the two key drivers of the guidance in terms of refinancing.
Otayo Okusanya : And specifically for the $500 million, could you give us a sense of what the new rate is going to be versus the old rate?
Debra A. Cafaro : Well, I mean it depends on the 10-year.
Bob Probst : Yes, it depends on the 10-year. In the 5s would be a reasonable expectation, depending on where the 10-year is.
Otayo Okusanya : Okay, great. Pete, you're giving me 2% to 3% MOB next year. Going down, but I still like it.
Peter Bulgarelli : We're feeling good.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico : I just also in terms of the guidance, a question on the $300 million of capital recycling proceeds that you're getting. If you could just give the breakdown on the loan repayments versus property dispositions in that number. And as a second on that would just be how we should think about your using those proceeds? I mean, are you earmarking for debt paydown, acquisitions or development? Any color there would be helpful.
Debra A. Cafaro : Nick, it's Debbie. On the $300 million, a couple of hundred million as we show in the deck, is based on office dispos, some of which are purchase option-driven. There's a -- we got full repayment on a Freddie Mac loan in January, that was $43 million, I think, at a double-digit interest rate. We got paid in full on that. And then the balance is other small items.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Richard Anderson : So I want to talk about the supply side of the house. As some people may not remember, the senior housing business was not in a great spot prior to the pandemic because of oversupply. And I know that you trended down. It's trending down substantially as shown in Page 11 of your deck. But the rule of thumb for supply is, in my mind, is if you're anywhere over 2% of existing stock, it's on the table as a possible problem. So tell me why even though it's down substantially over the past five years, that, that comp year of five years ago was not a great fundamental period for the business. So tell me why this is a good thing beyond just the optics of it being down. And also what you think the window is for you to sort of see this ramp in demand that we're all seeing and expecting. And when you think supply starts to sort of muddle in the story again because it certainly will, particularly with development costs coming down now. So if you could comment more color on that, that would be great.
Debra A. Cafaro : Good. I mean, it all starts with the demand side, as you know, with the record 80-plus population growth in 2023. In terms of supply, I would analogize where we are to a little bit after the financial crisis because during those years, construction and development starts, obviously, were paused for a period of time because of the great financial crisis. And this is similar really to what we're seeing from kind of the pre-COVID period that you referenced but then also kind of during COVID and then continuing now because costs are still quite high, particularly capital costs. I mean, construction loans are extremely expensive now. And so the costs remain, for the time being, very high. And there's -- would tend to be because starts are really low in our markets, Justin can give you the specifics. But we believe we have a good multiyear window here where we know kind of the demand profile and can capture that while, at the same time, deliveries should remain muted, very muted because they'll be seeing the effects, again, much like we did after the financial crisis, where deliveries were low. And I think at that point, occupancies got up in and around the 92% level. And that's really where we want to be able to see if we can get back to that kind of 92% level in this nice window that we have and kind of that's the game plan.
Justin Hutchens : Yes. I mean, I think you summed it up perfectly. I would just point out again that the 80-plus population, what's different from that period is growing at record levels and will continue to for the next several years. So that's obviously very supportive on the demand side. Supply, most are supplemental, we have starts. In our top markets, it's like -- it's in the basis points. It's like 10 basis points, exceptionally low. And that supports the window that Debbie is describing over the next few years. And this is a sector that has tremendous demand fundamentals. So the capital we'll see through those and will bring supply eventually. But we do have a window that's formed that's really exciting and supportive of the recovery that we've been talking about.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller : I'm curious for SHOP. Should the RevPOR growth moderate a lot in '24 and '25, just given the pace of how your expense growth has been moderating?
Justin Hutchens : So it's Justin. So I'm going to go back to what I was just talking about, which is demand. So another part of this is just affordability in our markets, which is very high and there's demand for the services. So you have the combination of people needing the service and people having the ability to pay. And with numbers that we've never seen before in terms of demand at the doorstep. So that should be supportive of pricing power moving forward. There's always some sensitivity relative to inflation and CPI. But what you're really working to do to generate earnings growth is to create a spread. And we've been effective in doing that in this cycle.
Debra A. Cafaro : And you would think as you take capacity out of the market through higher occupancies, that you may maintain some all or more of this pricing power.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston : On SHOP OpEx release and specific to labor costs and agency, pre pandemic, I don't recall agency labor being material at all or even utilized outside of very special situations. So there's been improvement, no doubt. But how do you plan to get agency labor out of your centers? And can you achieve pre-pandemic levels of agency labor by year-end '23?
Justin Hutchens : It's Justin. You're absolutely right. Agency was close to zero pre-pandemic. Obviously, there's been big shifts in the labor market since then. And we've had it enter our sector as others. We've managed to bring it down, which you've noted. In our 2023 guidance, we assume lower agency than we did in '22 year-over-year. And so that's supportive of our moderating expenses. But we are, in fact, carrying that Q4 run rate, which is like 2% of revenue forward throughout the year. There is -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks the guidance range. It assumes lower expenses and more occupancy at the top end, works the other way on the bottom. So we've incorporated that into our thinking. But we're anticipating that agency remains relatively stable.
Debra A. Cafaro : And this is true across healthcare at large and is principally a function of the labor force participation rate and other kind of macro factors. And the key is really to take the actions at the hiring level that Justin mentioned about positive net hiring, where you're at least getting your fair share of that workforce.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette : So just on the SHOP, you talked about the seasonality earlier. But on Slide 18 of the presentation, you talk about expecting normal historical seasonality in 1Q '23 versus 4Q '22. It's a little bit of a sensitive subject, but I guess to the extent that high flu prevalence historically leads to, let's call it, elevated levels of resident expirations, I thought that would have been a trend that maybe would hurt occupancy a little bit in the fourth quarter, just given the normal spike in flu happened so much earlier this season in the fourth quarter instead of 1Q. And then inversely, with flu really kind of falling off dramatically here in 1Q '23, I would have thought the historical downtick maybe would not really happen this year in 1Q. So hopefully, all that kind of makes sense. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the early flu potentially altering some of the normal seasonal trend.
Justin Hutchens : Yes. So great points or observations. I'll start with the clinical side. The clinical side, I would just describe as kind of normal. It's certainly wasn't representative of the headlines that they were around flu. It's very normal kind of typical seasonality in both December and so far in January. We have had financial move-outs, which is also typical around this time because I mentioned over half of our residents received their in-house rent increases. And we've also mentioned they're relatively high this year as well. So that's contributing to the move-out trend and which is normal. That's kind of the point I was trying to make, and we're -- in that regard, we're kind of back to normal trends. And then from a move-in expectation standpoint and net move-in expectation standpoint, we expect those to continue to improve due to the demand at the doorstep.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tao Qiu with Stifel.
Tao Qiu : So Justin, the SHOP guidance assumes a 6% RevPOR growth, which is kind of slowly -- slightly lower than the higher single digit and even 10% in-place rate increase that some senior housing operators have been talking about. So could you talk -- could you comment on the expectation on the moving rates in the current promotional activities? Are you still expecting the positive re-leasing spreads for 2023? And as a quick follow-up, on the Colony loan, how much of the $50 million annualized interest income did you take off the guidance?
Justin Hutchens : How about I'll start with the pricing question? There's a page in the deck for those that have it, Page 20, that addresses this. First, the contributors to RevPOR, strong in-house rent increases running around 10%; care pricing, 11%; and then street rates have increased as well. So really, everything is going up in that regards. One thing about care, it's adjustable throughout the year, represents about 15% of our RevPOR. And then there's just normal attrition, typical attrition. And so in other words, not every resident is receiving the full benefit of these increases throughout the whole year. So that's why you're seeing a 6% RevPOR rather than around 10%, which the numbers above might indicate.
Debra A. Cafaro : And then on Colony, I would say there's a range of outcomes basically bracketing the FFO contribution in 2022.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street.
John Pawlowski : I just had a follow-up question on the mezzanine loan. Can you remind me what loan-to-value range your mezz tranche set out in the capital stack when you originated the loan? And then can you give us a sense for what magnitude of NOI increases are needed at these properties to fully service the debt? Because I believe the interest rate is LIBOR plus 640 bps and that's really, really painful for cash flows. And so just any thoughts on how you got comfortable about not taking a larger impairment would be helpful.
Debra A. Cafaro : Sure. I mean, I think again, as we said, there's a post-COVID impact on some of the assets and rates have increased. The full loan stack is really closer to [L plus 3], 330-ish, if you will, in the senior and the junior. And so the original underwriting was very conventional, kind of 75%, 80% LTV. And so it's just a timing mismatch, if you will. And the borrower, we believe, is taking actions on the portfolio side. And the rates are the rates, and so we value the collateral in making our decision at the 12/31 balance sheet and made reasonable, consistent assumptions about valuation.
John Pawlowski : On the timing mismatch. If rates stay where they are, when will NOI operating income start to fully cover the loans?
Debra A. Cafaro : Well, it's being paid now so it's covering the loan. So interest is being paid.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird.
David Rodgers : Probably for you, Justin. In terms of capital deployment this year, you guys put out, I think, $1.2 billion last year. Where are you seeing kind of the best opportunities today outside of the redevelopment, which you've mentioned earlier in the call? But are you seeing more opportunities commercially to put more money to work in life science or MOB? Or do you think it will continue to be in SHOP by bringing new portfolios on? I guess, what are the biggest dislocations today in your mind? And how much are you interested in taking advantage of those?
Justin Hutchens : Yes. So first of all, we're fortunate to have a wide variety of capital sources to further acquisitions. We'll prioritize our key asset classes, senior housing, obviously, is one of those, life science, Medical Office as well. The market itself is not normal. There's exceptions to this, but there tends to be fewer market participants right now. The deals that that we're seeing are getting repriced. Again, there's exceptions to that. Pricing could be unclear on the stabilized assets. But we remain very interested in expanding the portfolio and growing in our preferred asset classes.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the conference back over to management for any concluding remarks.
Debra A. Cafaro : Thank you so much. I want to sincerely thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate your interest in the company. We look forward to seeing you. We're all very optimistic and aligned around our 2023 momentum and opportunities and are ready to get after it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's meeting. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas 2022 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to BJ Grant, SVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
BJ Grant: Thanks, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas third quarter financial results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our third quarter earnings release, supplemental investor package and presentation materials, which are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventas.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call, and for a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations website. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra A. [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:16:00 2022:  ]Cafaro Thanks, BJ,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:16:00 2022 ] and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the Ventas third quarter 2022 earnings call. We’re very pleased with our enterprise and property results this quarter, led by our SHOP growth. Let’s begin with some highlights. Normalized FFO per share was $0.76, right in line with our forecast,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:17:00 2022 ] with 13% SHOP growth led by an outstanding 9% increase in year-over-year revenue, and nearly 5% total company year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth. Our $0.71 normalized FFO ex HHS grants grew 3% from last year’s comparable period. [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:17:00 2022  ][Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:17:00 2022 ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:17:00 2022 ] We are very pleased that we have delivered on our guidance once again and more importantly, that we continue to realize sustained growth in our senior housing business that is accelerating. With year-over-year SHOP growth of 9% in the second quarter, 13% this quarter and 15% to 21% projected in the fourth quarter, this is what we have been waiting for. Our strong numbers validate our long-standing commentary that we are at the start of a multiyear recovery and growth period in senior housing, driven by positive and improving supply-demand fundamentals and propelled by the actions and decisions we’ve taken, Justin and the team’s experience, accuracy, insights and credibility and, of course, our operators’ efforts. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank them. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter.[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022 ],[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022  ] in [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022  ]I[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022 ]n [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022 ]addition to SHOP growth, our normalized FFO guidance of $0.71 at the midpoint represents 4.5% growth versus Q4 2021,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:18:00 2022 ] excluding material unusual items overcoming the macro, interest rate and FX headwinds that we and virtually all other real estate companies are experiencing. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to focus on our priorities of life science, research and innovation and select senior housing and working with long-time partners. We are driving and expanding our differentiated life science research and innovation investment business. We have $2.3 billion in R&I projects recently delivered and in progress. Recently, we delivered core and shell of our new state-of-the-art 400,000 square foot lab building in Philadelphia’s premier life science ecosystem at One uCity Square, it is on time and on budget and currently over 90% leased or committed to leading gene and cell therapy companies and a premier research university. We are very proud of what we and our partner, Wexford, have created in service of the major universities, research companies and innovators in this growing life science market. We own significant additional land in One uCity available to meet robust demand. Recently, we also began a new 255,000 square foot lab building to be anchored by the University of Maryland, Baltimore. UMB, part of the University of Maryland system,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:20:00 2022 ] is rated AA+ and they ranked in the top 15 of U.S. universities for R&D spend. The project enhances our existing position in a market with the nation’s most favorable ratio of current life science tenant demand to under-construction lab space. The project is projected to produce a stabilized cash yield of 7.5% and open in 2024. Universities, which represent half of our consolidated R&I portfolio tenancy,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:20:00 2022 ] continue to demonstrate significant demand for lab space, and our portfolio is well located and positioned to capture it. Before I wrap up, I’d also like to highlight two strategic investments we’ve made that demonstrate value creation in unique ways, connected to our core real estate investments as we’ve built valuable businesses and aligned with quality partners. Notably, we’ve seen the success of our Ventas Investment Management, or VIM platform, which is Ventas’ third-party institutional capital management business with over $5.5 billion of AUM. VIM has proven to be an effective strategy to continue to grow in attractive asset classes and build a valuable business and create a recurring revenue stream. We expect to earn the first promote revenue from VIM approximating $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of this year. We intend to continue growing our VIM business, which provides strategic benefits to our public shareholders and leverages our platform and industry expertise. Second, our $1.4 billion strategic investment in Ardent, a high-quality health system,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:22:00 2022 ] has been very successful. In addition to our well-performing Ardent real estate, we have a $50 million investment in a 10% equity stake in the Ardent OpCo, alongside Sam Zell’[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:23:00 2022 ]s[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:23:00 2022 ] EGI. Recently, EGI entered into an agreement to sell a minority equity investment in Ardent to new investors at a valuation representing over a four time equity return. As a 10% owner, we expect to sell a 2.5% stake. Because the transaction remains subject to regulatory review, we have not included any potential gains in our guidance. Ardent demonstrates the importance of creating valuable partnerships and carefully choosing successful operating partners. Finally, we believe we are in an advantaged position to succeed. Demographic demand fuels all our asset types and senior housing supply-demand fundamentals are highly favorable and improving. While we, like most companies across the real estate space,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:23:00 2022 ] are affected by higher interest rates, we are happy to be in a business that has pricing power, upside from occupancy and margin expansion and has been historically resilient in a variety of economic environments. Thank you.[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:24:00 2022 ] and [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:24:00 2022  ]A[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:24:00 2022 ]nd [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:24:00 2022 ]I’ll now turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I’ll start by covering the third quarter SHOP results in our year-over-year same-store pool. We are pleased to report another quarter that was consistent with our expectations, while delivering strong year-over-year growth. NOI grew 13% year-over-year, which is above the midpoint of our SHOP guidance range led by the U.S. at 17.4%, while Canada demonstrated positive growth again with 5.9%. Same-store average occupancy grew year-over-year by 260 basis points to 84.7%. Same-store SHOP revenue in the third quarter grew ahead of expectations, increasing nearly 9% year-over-year due to continued acceleration in RevPOR [ph] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:32:00 2022  ]growth and positive trends in occupancy.[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:33:00 2022 ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:33:00 2022 ] Pricing power has been impressive. At 5.4% year-over-year growth, RevPOR is the strongest we’ve seen in the last 10 years, primarily driven by in-house rent and care increases and re-leasing spreads that have improved to positive 1.4% in Q3 from negative double digits during the low point in the first quarter of 2021. Underpinning the re-leasing spreads are improvements in street rates, which increased 11% year-over-year in the third quarter. This pricing power is being driven in a U.S. portfolio that is only around 80% occupied, which is a real testament to the underlying demand for senior housing and bodes well for future pricing. As expected, expenses were $3.8 million per day. Operating expenses remained elevated as contemplated in the company’s guidance for the third quarter. Year-over-year same-store operating expenses grew 7.6%, driven primarily by occupancy growth and continued macro inflationary impacts throughout the quarter on labor, utilities, repair and maintenance and food costs. Leading indicators in the U.S. remain very strong as we experience leads as a percent of 2019 at 109%, move-ins at 107% and out’s at 98%. Canada continues to deliver growth and high occupancy at 94%. We are benefiting from positive operating leverage. SHOP NOI margin expanded 90 basis points in the third quarter due to stronger-than-expected revenue growth that outpaced continued elevated expenses. I have to say a big thank you to our operating partners, including Atria, Le Groupe Maurice, Sunrise and our regional operators who are delivering great results. Now, I will cover Q4 SHOP guidance and our expanded same-store year-over-year pool, which includes 478 communities. We are pleased that our strong year-over-year growth expectations are reflected in this much larger pool, which represents 87% of our SHOP portfolio. This larger pool includes assets that have transitioned from triple-net transition from other operators and acquisitions made in the prior year. Both the legacy same-store communities and the new entrance to the pool are expected to contribute attractive growth with the preexisting pool showing the strongest performance. SHOP same-store cash NOI is expected to accelerate from 13% growth in the third quarter in the range of 15% to 21% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. We anticipate year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint of the same-store cash NOI guidance range driven by continued strong rate growth and occupancy growth of 100 basis points to 150 basis points. Year-over-year revenue growth is expected to be partially mitigated by continued broad inflationary expenses. At the guidance midpoint, operating expenses are expected to be consistent on a per day basis with the third quarter in 2022. The bottom and top ends of the NOI range are principally driven by variability in operating expenses. Our guidance assumes attractive margin expansion. Moving on to asset management. Ventas OI, which is our approach to a collaborative oversight where we leverage our operating expertise and best-in-class data analytics to the benefit of our operating partners continues to differentiate our platform and is creating tangible value in our senior housing business. I’m pleased to report that we had a very productive third quarter, engaging with our operators on the underlying fundamentals and two important deep dive topics, rate increases and recruiting. Rate increases this coming year will be our highest on record. We started our process early and collaborated with our operators to develop recommendations down to the unit and resident level. These customized rate recommendations are grounded in data, should limit controllable move-outs and will be a huge contributor to revenue growth. It’s really important to note that pricing power is greatly enhanced when we are delivering care and services resulting in highly satisfied residents and families. Historically, we have seen around 5% in-house rent increases in the U.S. We saw 8% in 2022, and we expect over 10% in 2023. Certain operators, notably Sunrise have already implemented early in-place rent increases and the results are positive and a good preview of what should be successful execution in the first quarter and beyond. We continue to address labor challenges in innovative ways. Our recent focus has been on community level staff recruiting to help our operators compete for talent more effectively. In doing so, we secret shopped over 50 job titles across 15 different operators to evaluate reputation, career website, the application process and application follow-up. While I was pleased to see that our operators scored well relative to industry benchmarks, we came away with several actionable recommendations to attract fresh talent to our communities. Ventas OI also continues to be a powerful tool in the capital allocation process. Our asset management teams are leveraging access to extensive industry and market-specific data to help drive decision-making around revenue-generating CapEx projects. Portfolios are evaluated on an asset-by-asset basis with communities prioritized based on near-term occupancy and rate upside as well as long-term supply and demand outlook. A significant investment of time and capital into this process has resulted in over 100 individual renovation projects currently underway within our SHOP portfolio, with a material number of those completing in the next several months. I’ll conclude by highlighting my continued confidence in the growth opportunity in our senior housing business. There are very encouraging facts that continue to support this view. The supply and demand outlook remains very strong. The growth rate of the 80-plus population will be the highest on record. As we’ve noted before, 99% of Ventas senior housing markets are free from competitive new starts. We have had positive net move-ins for 18 months of the past 19 months and pricing power is consistently demonstrated through in-house rents and street rate increases, all working together to drive NOI growth. Now I’ll hand the call over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Justin. I’ll start with an overview of our third quarter office and enterprise results before closing with our outlook for the fourth quarter. Starting with office, same-store cash NOI grew 3% year-over-year, which represents a beat to our third quarter guidance. MOB has led the way with growth of 3.4%, driven by 90 basis points of occupancy gain. Quarterly retention was strong at 93% in the quarter, supplemented by new leasing exceeding 200,000 square feet. Medical office same-store occupancy is now at 91.8% and has increased year-on-year for five straight quarters. MOB same-store quarterly performance has now exceeded 3% for four quarters of the last five quarters. For R&I, year-to-date, same-store cash NOI performance is a strong 4.8%, while we posted same-store growth of 1.5% for the third quarter. As we told you earlier in the year, we’re in the process of converting space into labs where we have seen opportunities from tenant departures as a result of COVID. At the enterprise level, despite the market volatility, we’re very pleased that we once again delivered results that were in line or better than our original guidance ranges. Our total property same-store cash NOI increased 4.8% year-over-year, at the high end of our guidance range. And that result was led by SHOP, where same-store cash NOI grew 13% year-over-year, as Justin just described. But the SHOP P&L top to bottom, where we called it a quarter ago. Q3 normalized FFO of $0.76 per share is right in line with our guidance. And as a reminder, we received $0.05 of HHS grants in the quarter, which were included in our initial guidance. From a balance sheet perspective, we saw our leverage improved to 6.9 times in the quarter. As we look ahead, we’re benefiting from the proactive steps we took prior to the run-up in interest rates to reduced near-term debt and extend duration. Some Ventas stats to call out include $2.5 billion of available liquidity, 2023 consolidated debt maturities and amortization is just $500 million or less than 2% of enterprise value and 11% of our consolidated debt is at floating rates. Let’s talk Q4 guidance. We expect net income to range from $0.06 to $0.12 per fully diluted share. Q4 2022 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.68 to $0.74 per share, which represents nearly 4.5% growth at the midpoint when compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, adjusted for unusual items in the prior year. SHOP is contributing $0.06 of growth year-over-year, while interest rates and FX are a $0.04 headwind. Total company same-store NOI growth year-over-year of 6% to 9% is expected with accelerating SHOP same-store NOI midpoint growth of 18%, leading the way. Bridging FFO from Q3 to the Q4 guidance midpoint is as follows: starting with Q3 of $0.71, adjusted for the $0.05 of HHS in Q3. In the fourth quarter, we expect $0.02 of sequential growth from SHOP, materially outperforming normal seasonal trends. We also expect to earn our first promote of approximately a $0.01 from our third-party capital business. The $0.03 of sequential good guys explained by SHOP in the promote are offset principally by a $0.02 reduction in FFO and due to higher interest rates on our floating rate debt. Other notable assumptions in our fourth quarter guidance include no new or unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities, 404 million fully diluted shares, and finally, we do not expect to receive any HHS grants in the fourth quarter. For more information on our guidance assumptions, I would direct you to the business update deck and a supplemental posted to our website. To close, we believe we are in an advantaged position in a dynamic macroeconomic backdrop with the portfolio and the team to deliver sustained value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stay to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that, I’ll turn the call back to operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Juan Sanabria at BMO.
Juan Sanabria: Hi,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:35:00 2022 ] good morning. Just hoping we could talk a little bit about rate and RevPOR specifically. You mentioned,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:35:00 2022 ] Justin, that Sunrise has moved up seemingly some of their rate increases. So could you give us a little window into how seasonality is – or the new seasonality now as some of the rate timing has shifted away from the traditional first quarter and maybe bucketize where the rate increases are expected to happen going forward?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. In fact, one, there’s a page that deck we put out that is Page 12 that describes this a little bit. And on the bottom right, we actually estimate the percentage of units that are eligible for increases, and we mentioned that 7% were actually pulled forward. So they would have normally been a first quarter increase. They’ve been pulled forward to before that. That includes Sunrise, which is mostly a fourth quarter increase. Sunrise targeted around 9%. They were really responding to the need to create value. And one thing we’re very pleased with is that our revenue growth is outpacing expense growth, and Sunrise, the connection to ensure that, that continues to happen. They’ve made the decision to pull early. We also have other operators, obviously, that are targeting increases that are over 10% as we’re stating on this page. And those start in the first quarter, and then there’s a big group or about 42% that get them in the first quarter and then throughout the rest of the year, we’ll see another 39% that are eligible for anniversary rent increases. And then the remaining just moved in late in 2022, so they don’t get a 2023 increase. So obviously, we’re very focused on this, and we’ll continue to be – and the pricing power has just been superb.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to Joshua Dennerlein at Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022 ] good morning,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022 ] everyone. I wanted to explore the dynamic with – it looks like REITs has fallen, but move-ins had risen during the quarter as a percent of 2019. Could you kind of explain what’s going on there?
Justin Hutchens: Him[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022 ].[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022  ] Sure[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022  ]s[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022 ]ure[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:37:00 2022 ]. This is Justin. So, I think what you’re referring to is just the percentages that we’re reporting as a percentage of 2019, which has been really good, because we’ve been outperforming the pre-pandemic levels. And it’s a good metric because, obviously, we’re in a recovery mode post-pandemic, and it’s been interesting to see how we perform relative to 2019. But trending is really on an absolute basis. And I think a stat that might help you is from Q2 to Q3, our leads were down 1%. Our move-ins on an absolute basis were up 4%. So, I would basically say not much to report there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Josh, this is Debbie. And obviously, the leads are well over 100% of 2019 levels and move-ins are at 109% [ph][Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:38:00 2022  ], I believe, of 2019 levels, which is very, very strong.
Joshua Dennerlein: I wasn’t sure if you guys were getting better conversions with because...
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So we’ve had – our conversion rates have been relatively – they move around a little bit, but relatively consistent around 9% and moving activity,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:38:00 2022 ] as I mentioned, actually it was higher in the third quarter than it was in the second on an absolute basis. So, we’re very pleased with how we’re positioned from a leading indicators and an actual movement standpoint and occupancy and ultimately, our pricing power as well.
Joshua Dennerlein: Great. Thanks,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:38:00 2022 ] guys.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Carroll at RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thanks. The 10% annual rate increases is pretty encouraging. I mean, has there been any pushback from residents?[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:39:00 2022 ] I know last year when you did the 8%, there wasn’t much pushback. I’m just wondering if this year is any difference related to that?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. So the process I described in the prepared remarks was really designed to, first of all, make sure that we’re getting us right. And then we’re down to the community level and looking at units and residents a number of factors to consider what is the right increase. That was most important. [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:39:00 2022  ][Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:39:00 2022 ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:39:00 2022 ] Secondly, it’s – how is this being communicated and the process that our operators are using to make sure that there’s a feedback loop that’s really strong, well executed. We have an early look, obviously, with Sunrise pulling forward. We have rate letters going out as well for some of our operators that are giving increases in January. And so far, so good. It’s been relatively quiet and which is really encouraging.
Operator: We’ll move next to Steve Sakwa at Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks.[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:40:00 2022 ],[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:40:00 2022  ] good [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:40:00 2022  ]G[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:40:00 2022 ]ood [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:40:00 2022 ]morning. Justin, I guess maybe just sticking on that kind of move-in and move-out. I noticed that the move-outs are at 98%, which is the highest it’s been in some time. And I guess I would expect that number to continue to trend up as you get more people in the facilities, there’s going to be just more move-outs. But are you surprised that it’s almost back at 100% when you’re maybe not back at 100% of 2019 occupancy?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, that’s a great question because it does stick out a little bit. You’ll notice if you look on the trending that we’ve been – I’m going all the way back to the first quarter of 2021, 94%, 91%, 91%, 96%, 97%, 92% and now 98%. And I absolutely would agree that as our absolute number of residents go up through occupancy growth that we’ll see higher move-ups again,[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ].[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022  ] There[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022  ]’[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022  ]s[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022  ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022  ]t[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ]here[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ]’[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ]s[Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:41:00 2022 ]– I don’t think this is necessarily the start of a trend. I think it was just an outcome within a quarter. And over time, they’ll – eventually, they’ll go back to 100%, but that would mean that our occupancy is back to where it was on a pre-pandemic basis.
Operator: We’ll move next to Michael Mueller at JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Just wondering, can you talk about what you’re seeing or thinking about in terms of private market pricing changes for life science and MOBs?
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi Mike, this is Debbie. And I think that we still are in a period of volatility as far as capital costs. And as you well know, and historically, when we see this type of volatility, there is a period of price discovery, which we are still in. [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:42:00 2022  ][Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:42:00 2022 ] [Author ID1: at Mon Nov 7 22:42:00 2022 ] I would tell you that the life science market, in particular, continues to have very tight cap rate expectations. And that’s because there’s really good demand continuing for certainly are types of lab buildings. And so that’s showing through and is holding up, frankly, very well in the context of the volatility we’ve seen on capital costs. And MOBs, I think we’re still seeing in the low to mid-5s. But I will close and say there’s very limited data yet, and we still are in the price discovery period. And so more to follow once we get to a point where people are transacting more frequently. We’ll have more data to report on.
Michael Mueller: Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Vikram Malhotra at Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to clarify the sort of move-out levels and maybe think about the trends into 2023. Is the length of stay changing in any way versus pre-COVID, you have a lot of like maybe older patients – older residents coming in that do not have maybe two to three year length of stay. Is that sort of impacting the volume of move-in? And if this trend continues, let’s say, it’s not a one quarter aberration. If this trend continues, does that impact the occupancy ramp into 2023?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. So first of all, actually, our length of stay has been very stable. There’s been – I remember we had questions last year. Is it shortening? Is there some kind of higher acuity person coming in? That never happened. And so I would – it’s pretty consistent with where it was even before the pandemic, and it’s been consistent. So not much to really report on from a length of stay standpoint.  One thing I’ll also mention, which is indicative of the demand at the doorstep and the pricing power is that our re-leasing spreads have been so good. So as residents have been moving in, they’ve been paying more than the last resident that occupied that unit. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that actually went positive in this past quarter. So pricing power has been great internally through in-house increases, but it’s also been really strong from a Street rate standpoint as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: And that’s the lemonade of the move-outs really.
Vikram Malhotra: The pricing power basically, the pricing power driving some of that. Is that what you’re saying?
Justin Hutchens: No, it was just that the – when you have someone move-out and you have a new person paying more for that unit when they move-in, that’s a healthy for NIM.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And as people moved in during a period of the pandemic at lower rates, obviously, that’s where you start to get this positive momentum on re-leasing.
Vikram Malhotra: And then can I just follow up just to clarify the trajectory? I know you said Sunrise has – or one of the operators already has a 10% bump in place or expected to be 10%. If you see the similar level of pricing power into next year, just given where the – and expenses, let’s say, remain flat, meaning your reliance on temp labor is where it is today, and you see modest growth just given inflation wise, should the gap between revenue and expense growth in another way, should the margin see material expansion next year?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So absolutely. There – right now, we’re pricing off of the current inflationary environment. So if that changes, and certainly, that could be additive to NOI growth. But we’ve been – this sector historically has had a pretty healthy spread in terms of increases over CPI, and CPI obviously is much higher these days, and we’ve continued to build that spread in. Pricing power has really always been a strength, and it’s magnified now because of the emphasis on the expense growth. Obviously, revenue has been outpacing expenses significantly. So we’re in good shape. 
Debra A. Cafaro: And we’re seeing really nice margin expansion, 90 basis points in the third quarter. The implied guidance again, obviously, with operating leverage, we’re going to see more margin expansion. So despite the labor discussion and everything else, we’re pricing that plus. And we know this is a high operating leverage business. So that’s a good formula.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to Michael Griffin at Citi.
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. Justin, in your conversations with operators, have you noticed that there’s been an improvement in the turnover of the workforce. And then I just wanted to clarify something. On the contract labor side, I noticed it moved up to about 3% of the expense deck versus 2.5% last quarter. Should we read into that, that there is more contract later utilization? Or is that just a rounding issue?
Justin Hutchens: Well, let me start with the first part. The one thing I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we’ve had 12 quarters now of positive net hiring, excuse me, 12-months, four quarters of positive net hiring. And so that’s obviously a really good indicator, given the backdrop. One thing I’ll mention is that contract as a percentage of total labor has actually been coming down. You’ll see it on that same page you mentioned, it’s Page 13 of the deck, we were as high as 8.7% in the first quarter of 2022. It’s down to 5.9% in the third quarter. There’s – so it’s good to see that there’s some relief in terms of agency. Overall, labor expense, you can see off to the right, it’s indicated on these bar charts. It’s been relatively stable after initial period of being elevated. And we are seeing agency reduce in certain key markets that we’ve highlighted before that are big users of agency, and we’re starting to see that come down. North Carolina is one that jumps out. I know we’ve mentioned before, Philadelphia as well, they both had double-digit reductions in agency. The LA MSA has also had a double-digit reduction in agency. And so where we’ve had heavy users, we’re starting to see some softening in improving and it’s been a relatively slow process so, but it’s a process that’s yield improved results.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Steven Valiquette at Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Hi, thanks. So, you guys show on Page 9 in the slide deck that the same-store SHOP pool will change dramatically from 3Q to 4Q with the increase in the properties. So, I guess with the same-store cash NOI accelerating from that 13% to 15% to 21%. I’m guessing that probably even the 3Q same-store pool would probably see acceleration just with the price increases you’re talking about. I just want to reconcile kind of what the trend would be without the S&R and transition assets as far as an acceleration, how much is that impact acceleration?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Yes. Thank you for asking that because Justin addressed it, and we want to be crystal clear on it. We are seeing that or projecting that accelerated SHOP year-over-year growth in the fourth. And what we’re really happy about is this is representing now the lion share of our senior housing business. And that’s really good for investors. It creates a lot of transparency and gives a really good insight into how the business is performing. And Justin can answer that your specific question on what’s carrying the day here.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So the third quarter pool, so what we kind of referred to as the existing pool that was the year-over-year pool in the third quarter continues to be in the fourth quarter, which is now expanded. That pool is the strongest performer in this fourth quarter projection. So everyone is contributing in a very positive way. You mentioned new senior, we have a number of transition communities and some acquisitions that are in there as well. They’re all contributing in the greater pools financial growth, but particularly the third quarter pool that was existing is driving most of the growth. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll move next to Rich Anderson at SMBC.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, Rich.
Rich Anderson: Okay, great. Thanks. So, I guess I want to ask about the asset class that hasn’t been mentioned much in this call, which is medical office. Your priorities are senior housing and life science. You’ve been even mentioned senior care as a possible area to look at, but not medical office so much? And I’m curious; you mentioned your price discovery commentary. Could we see some change there of substance for Ventas, maybe MOB conversions to life science, maybe MOB to the VIM fund, maybe MOB sales? I’m certain you have an audience for that portfolio that’s 20% of your business. Can you comment at all on where things might go with MOBs for Ventas in the next year or two or three? Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, my colleague, Pete is here, and he’s done a great job on running that business and it’s producing good results. And we’ve always liked the business, but we really like the portfolio that we have. It’s really high quality, mostly on the campuses of successful hospital systems, large creditworthy systems that are in a position to grow. And that’s the main criterion for a successful medical office building. So, we really like the business. It has good metrics. It’s performing well. And if we’re happy with the business that we have. And for the current time, intend to keep it and grow it. As Pete has been bringing home over 3% growth here on same-store.
Rich Anderson: Okay, sounds good to me.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to Jonathan Hughes at Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good morning. Justin, I was hoping you could talk about the SHOP occupancy guidance. Is there any impact in there for potential increasing COVID and/or flu cases weighing on occupancy meaning that without that potential for a spike in case counts like we’ve seen in the past two winters and the spike we’re currently seeing in Europe, that guidance might have been higher? Or is there a little impact in that guidance since residents today are mostly vaccinated, pandemic is more endemic and move-in restrictions seem unlikely?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So the fourth quarter expectation, it has around – we mentioned the year-over-year growth range of 100 basis points to 150 basis points. The sequential growth is around 30 basis points. That’s sort of consistent with what we would have seen pre-pandemic. It’s a little higher. It’s a little bit more growth. And – but it’s relatively flat. So, if you look at history, you mentioned flu and impacts such as that, normally, that’s more of a first quarter event if it does affect have an impact. So, I think the fourth quarter kind of expectation took into account, I think what we know on the ground today and a little bit just what we’ve seen historically from a seasonal point.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean basically, the portfolio isn’t showing signs of clinical conditions. And we’ve assumed that, that status quo continues in the fourth.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And forgive me, but I’m going to try to sneak in one more here related to Steve’s question on move-outs. If the volume of move-out today is the same as 2019, but occupancy is lower, doesn’t that mean we’re seeing more move-outs on an occupancy adjusted basis that’s preventing a faster rebound? Is there some kind of change in resident behavior here that is ongoing? Just trying to understand those comments you made earlier. Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So first of all, it’s not there yet. It’s at 98%. So, I would say that, I wouldn’t – I’m not reacting to one quarter of results and to be indicative of a trend or something that we should consider to be forward-looking. It’s move-outs. So, they’ve never really ins or outs have never really moved on a perfect straight trend. So it’s a little bit elevated in the third quarter. And eventually, as occupancy gets higher, we’ll see move-outs go up as well as we said. One thing I want to clear up to you because I made it – I mentioned a number earlier, I talked about conversion rates. And on the slide on Page 10, bottom left to see conversion rates, these conversion rates refer to the U.S. I mentioned a different number. This number is 8% in the third quarter. Obviously, that was higher than where it was in the second quarter. So that kind of brings home the whole point of – we had a little slightly less leads, but higher move-ins and now is due to conversion rates. I just wanted to clear that up.
Debra A. Cafaro: And the move-out resident behavior is stable and consistent with historical patterns. 
Jonathan Hughes: Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ronald Kamdem at Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey just going back to the same-store NOI guide for SHOP. And I appreciate that the pool changed a little bit slightly. But I guess the first question is just when I think about the acceleration from 3Q to 4Q, how do we break that out between sort of the occupancy versus the pricing? What’s driving most of that? And then as we look into 2023, not really asking for guidance there, but how do we think about the comp for this year and potentially into next year? Thanks.
Bob Probst: Sure. Let me break down the price volume question, I think, inherent in the fourth quarter guidance. We’ve got occupancy growing 100 basis points to 150 basis points revenue growing 8% [ph], implied in that is something like 6% [ph] revenue, i.e., RevPOR growth. So rate growth is really a strong contributor to the revenue growth. That’s flowing through not only offsetting inflationary pressure, but driving margin expansion. And that’s pretty much the playbook for the fourth quarter, led by the legacy pool, as Justin was describing. But the new entrants contributing as well. So that’s the way it plays out. Clearly, what we’ve seen this year from a baseline, if you’re thinking about year-over-year is significant HHS grants I’d start there; we got $54 million of HHS in the current year, notably in the first and third quarter. Nothing in the fourth, no expectation of any more HHS. But more importantly, we’ve seen this nice trend of occupancy, very nice pricing power and this expense dynamic that is a macro dynamic. And that’s been what we’ve seen really for the last few quarters.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks.
Bob Probst: You bet.
Operator: Next, we’ll take Nick Yulico at Scotiabank. 
Nick Yulico: Hi, good morning everyone. So, I just wanted to go back to the pricing in senior housing. I appreciate all the detail on Page 12 there is helpful. I guess if we put together all these numbers, it suggests, I think, that RevPOR growth should be stronger next year. But oftentimes, it’s a little bit confusing to build up how RevPOR growth works in senior housing. And I’m not sure if you’re – at some point, you face difficult comps next year? Do you also – is it harder to put a 10% rent increase out to residents if labor inflation comes down, right? Because I think that was a lot of justification for very high renewal rates. Was that labor costs were going up? So just trying to understand putting all this together, how we should think about potential RevPOR growth next year?
Debra A. Cafaro: Nick, this is Debbie. We tried to put the funnel in there for you that Justin described on pricing and how it affects the installed base. Obviously, street rates and care also affect kind of your RevPOR, those are the components of it. And in terms of really I want to turn it over to Bob, his pricing is his favorite his absolute most favorite topic. I would just point out that seniors are seeing social security and COVID increases that were nearly 9% this year, and that’s really supportive of the continued pricing. And most importantly, you would expect regardless of conditions as we take capacity out of the system as supply is low, demand is high. We increased from the 80%-ish occupancy level where we are today that pricing should get stronger, even irrespective almost of economic conditions. And so that is where you really could see some additionally positive momentum if you’re able to price higher, but there’s a softening of operating expenses and labor. That is the – that would be a very favorable backdrop. Bob, do you want to talk about pricing?
Bob Probst: I would just add that the move-in versus move-out rate is fundamental. And you mentioned this earlier, but as we are increasing in-place rates at 10% plus, all else equal, the street rate needs to rise consistent with that to keep you neutral on the re-leasing spread on RevPOR, right? And so the encouraging support to that is, as Debbie describes occupancy going up means scarcity of rooms that gives you pricing power. But that’s the dynamic that needs to hold true. You then get into subtleties in RevPOR, things like change in acuity, for example, the in-place increase does not equate to RevPOR growth there’s both the street rate versus move-out rate. There’s the acuity mix. There’s geographic mix. Those tend to tick down the headline RevPOR number. But we have not seen RevPOR growth like this in a decade. So, we are in somewhat uncharted territory, but those are all considerations to take into account.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tayo Okusanya at Credit Suisse.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning everyone. My question is kind of a long the line of Nick’s question, and it’s just about operational insights in particular. So Justin, again, curious a little bit what you’re seeing with all the data you guys are analyzing about trend? And specifically, I’m curious about – you had kind of discussed dynamic pricing at one point and maybe that could be another driver for increased pricing on the SHOP side and also kind of what you’re seeing just around home price appreciation as that’s decelerating whether that’s having any real impact on demand in any of your markets?
Justin Hutchens: Hi. Yes, good questions. That we are piloting dynamic pricing in several communities and so far, so good. It’s a predictive model and it’s early stages. So it needs to evolve over time before it has a really big impact. But we’re using a number of sources to evaluate pricing power, where to set street rates, where to set in-house rate increases. We have a really close partnership with our operators as they’re ultimately making these determinations. You asked about what was the second – the second question?
Tayo Okusanya: Home price appreciation, like in market where HPA is slowing, is that changing demand at all?
Justin Hutchens: So, we’ve been tracking the housing market. And one thing that I think is a really good indicator of where the market stands is days on market, obviously, I think most people know that during the summer months that houses were not sitting. They were moving really quickly. The normal days on market back in like pre-pandemic eras is like 60 days. We were seeing low double-digit days on market for houses within our markets. Now that’s closer to around 30 days or so. I think it’s just above 30%. It’s been going up. And obviously, you would expect that it would. But I think what’s important is that there’s an enormous home equity. There’s also other sources of income that our seniors are pulling from the affordability in our markets is like four times over our average length of stay. So, we feel really comfortable that our residents have the ability to pay for our services and our care. And the indication on the ground is that, that’s continuing. And one of the good indicators is really the lead number, which is running way ahead of pre-pandemic levels. And in the third quarter, we have it on here, it was 109%.
Tayo Okusanya: Great. That’s helpful. Also shout out to Pete on the MOB results.
Debra A. Cafaro: Oh, he’s smiling, Tayo.
Justin Hutchens: Thanks, Tayo.
Operator: We’ll go next to Austin Wurschmidt at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks everybody. I wanted to hit on how the 10% in-place rent increase breaks out between the U.S. and Canada. And I’m just curious, within that breakdown you provided in the business update. How does the 50% or so of early in-place increases in the 1Q increases break out between those two regions?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So Canada, I don’t think it made the deck, but I’m happy to share with you that last year, we were 8% in the U.S., we were 4% in Canada, and those were both relatively high increases, some of the highest that we’ve put forward. This year in Canada, we’re expecting around 7%. So pretty big increase, and it varies by region because there are certain limitations that we have to consider. But it’ll have healthy growth as well.
Bob Probst: For to note that the U.S. is the 10%, right. In Canada, as described a 7%.
Austin Wurschmidt: And what is the timing of increases in Canada throughout the year versus the U.S.?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. A lot of Canada is anniversary.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll move to John Pawlowski at Green Street.
John Pawlowski: Good morning. Justin, curious for your views whether labor – broader labor availability in the senior housing industry has improved enough, where you can get back to pre-COVID occupancy without needing to incur another big step change in labor costs from here?
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. And it’s something that we’ve been very interested in because, obviously, you’re in a situation where we’re growing occupancy and on a year-over-year basis, on a full year-over-year basis. I want to say we’ve added – another way to put it is since we’re like halfway back to our pre-pandemic level. So, we’ve added like 400 basis points, 500 basis points of occupancy, and we continue to have the ability to care for people safely. One thing that definitely works in our favor is that operating leverage that we mentioned earlier, Bob highlighted it, I think, nicely in the Q&A. And that is important because most of our operating expenses now are built in. You get it in over 80% occupied labor; all the other expenses tend to start growing at a much slower rate. And you have more flow-through that’s the operating leverage working for you. So as we move into this next phase of growing from 80% occupancy up to wherever we land, you’ll see it less expenses needed to support those new residents. And that’s one of the big benefits of the operating models, the operating leverage.
John Pawlowski: Okay. But as of now, are you seeing any kind of issues that could prevent that 88% to 90% occupancy? Or would that type of occupancy change need to coincide with reliance on agency labor or just increased staffing needs?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean it will depend on market conditions at that time and what the labor participation rate is and overall unemployment trends. And so that’s a key factor. And what we’re doing and what Justin is working with the operators on as he described, is making sure that our operators get at least, if not more than their fair share of the available labor pool to put our communities in the best possible position to win.
John Pawlowski: Okay, thank you for the time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take a follow-up question from Juan Sanabria at BMO.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thank you. Just two quick follow-ups, given we’re at the end of the call. First, could you comment on any expectations for Colony. I believe that loan could be paid next year. And so just thinking about the modeling and the implications of that? And then secondly, maybe more broadly, any thoughts on Brookdale, obviously, a large triple-net tenant reports on the press and your appetite to have greater exposure there or not, so just any thoughts around Brookdale would be appreciated?
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Juan. In terms of the Colony loan, it’s performing. It matures in 2023. It has – the borrower has a one year extension, subject to certain conditions, and it’s freely prepayable and well structured in terms of the way it could be prepaid. And so that’s the update on Colony. And Brookdale, I think I’d refer any questions on that to Brookdale.
Juan Sanabria: I try it. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll take our final question from Vikram Malhotra at Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks. Just taking the follow-up. I know we’re a ways from you giving sort of first quarter guidance. But I’m wondering some things one, would you consider now giving full year guidance? And number two, just for the first quarter, can you just maybe highlight any bigger picture ins and outs that sort of maybe more obvious at this, whether it’s rates or what you may be making or thinking about FX, just so that as we think about the trajectory, which historically numbers have been pressured versus 4Q? Is there any big blocks we can think about?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, thank you for the question, Vikram. We are very focused on delivering a strong end to the year of 2022, in line with our FFO growth and our SHOP growth projections. We’re very excited about that and very focused on once again delivering those results in accordance with our projections. I would say that we embrace the opportunity to give full year guidance as and when it’s appropriate for 2023 and as we sit here today, that’s our expectation.  The reason we embrace that opportunity, it will mean that we really are back to a normalized environment, and there’s nobody around who welcome that as much as we do. So thank you for the question. And with that, I’d like to really end and close the call and thank everyone very sincerely both my colleagues as well as our participants here. We’ve been waiting a long time, as I said, to be looking at such good results, good projections. I’m very proud of the team, and we very much appreciate our relationship and dialogue with you. Look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ventas 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I will now hand today's call over to BJ Grant, SVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
BJ Grant: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas second quarter financial result conference. Yesterday, we issued our second quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will be also discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, BJ, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. I want to welcome you to the Ventas second quarter earnings call. I'm delighted to be joined by my colleagues, including our newest addition, BJ Grant, who has already made many contributions to Ventas in a short tenure. Today, I'll recap our strong second quarter results, highlight the momentum in our life science, research and innovation business and address the macro trends in the economy and labor markets. We believe that Ventas is in an advantaged position to deliver value in this dynamic business environment because of our high-quality diversified portfolio and our team's industry insights and deep experience. Let's start with results. Ventas delivered a very positive second quarter with $0.72 of normalized FFO at the higher end of our guidance range. Property performance was at or above our expectations led by 9% year-over-year SHOP same-store net operating income growth. I'm excited to showcase our differentiated life science, research and innovation business, which now spans 11 million square feet and accounts for 10% of our property portfolio. This portfolio has significant momentum in deliveries, leasing and investment activity. With our strategic partner, Wexford, Ventas enjoys the nation's leading track record and reputation at the large and growing intersection of research, medicine and universities. Importantly, 77% of our rent is from high credit tenancy with 50% from universities with a weighted average credit rating of AA and the balance from investment-grade or $1 billion market cap companies. I'm really proud of what we've accomplished since 2016 when we began to invest in this business and how we've grown it since then. Here are some examples of our strong R&I momentum. Starting with deliveries, we recently delivered the 100% leased Drexel University Health Science Building on budget and ahead of schedule. This $280 million-plus project located in the thriving uCity Innovation District in Philadelphia was developed by our strategic R&I partner, Wexford. Drexel's Health Science Building is ready to welcome Drexel School of Nursing and Health Professions, its School of Medicine and its graduate programs for biomedicine, when school opens this fall. The project is expected to provide a 7% cash and 10% GAAP yield. We also intend to deliver One uCity Square by year-end. This 400,000 square foot multi-tenant lab and research building continues to expand our presence in the uCity Innovation District in Philadelphia, adjacent to University of Pennsylvania, and it is already 80% leased. We expect the building to exceed 90% leasing with highly-regarded life science and institutional research tenants in early 2023. The lease-up pace and rental rates are both substantially ahead of our pro forma, and the project is now expected to deliver over a 7% stabilized cash yield on cost of nearly $300 million. We also see terrific leasing momentum across other portions of our life science R&I portfolio. Our portfolio caters to the top 5% of research universities in the nation, and these institutions are aggressively expanding their research functions, creating incremental demand for lab space. We are currently in discussions with a handful of universities about taking significant amounts of additional lab space. In addition, we are leasing space quickly, and demand is high from commercial tenants who are attracted to university innovation centers. For example, at Pitts Phase II scheduled to open shortly, we recently signed a lease for 66% of the building with a premier global technology company. In Miami, we've already leased or committed 80,000 square feet that expired mid-2022 to new tenants at higher rates. Finally, we have momentum in R&I investment opportunities that will create value and deliver future growth. Today, we announced two exciting new developments that are great examples. With these two projects, we currently have $1.6 billion of total R&I development in progress, all leverage our significant competitive advantage with Wexford at the intersection of research, medicine and universities. The first new project is the Pearl located in fast-growing Charlotte, North Carolina. Sponsored by Atrium Health, a top 10 health system, the Pearl project will house research, lab, medical and academic uses, including the Wake Forest University School of Medicine. Atrium Health, which is rated Aa3 is leasing 70% of the project and will be our 37% partner. The Pearl will also serve as the exclusive North American headquarters for IRCAD, the French Training Institute in advanced surgical techniques and robotics for world-class surgeons. We expect delivery of the Pearl in 2025. On the West Coast, Wexford and Ventas have been selected by the University of Washington to develop a 300,000-plus square foot project anchored by the university for its research programming in clean energy, medicine and life science. UDub, rated Aaa by Moody's, is a world-class research university that receives more federal research funding than any other U.S. public university. Seattle is the #6 life science market in the U.S., and this project will expand our R&I footprint to six of the top 7 life science markets. We look forward to sharing more details with you as this exciting project progresses. Behind these new projects, our R&I development pipeline contains an additional $1 billion of potential development opportunities. I hope that gives you a picture of the momentum we see in our attractive life science R&I business. It is a great example of our ability to enter a new space thoughtfully, expand and grow it successfully through different market conditions and align with excellent partners. Regarding our capital allocation approach and activities, we've shown $1.3 billion of investment activity year-to-date, consistent with our stated priorities and balanced approach. We've also announced additional investments in the senior housing space at an attractive yield with future growth potential and a fully-leased medical office building, utilizing capital from our fund to acquire this stable MOB. As we look forward in the third quarter of 2022, we are again projecting that our earnings will benefit from outstanding year-over-year growth in our SHOP segment, which is expected to increase NOI 12% at the midpoint, higher than second quarter's 9% year-over-year SHOP NOI growth rate. We do expect expenses and wages in Q3 to remain elevated, reinforced by today's jobs report. We will also recognize the benefit of $20 million of HHS grants in the third quarter, which we received to reimburse us for a portion of the expenses we incurred to keep residents and workers safe during the pandemic, although that benefit will be muted by a $0.02 impact we expect from higher interest rates as a consequence of the Fed tightening. The demographic backdrop is supportive of our business, and we believe we are well positioned to succeed. First, supply and demand conditions are favorable with acceleration in the growth of the 80-plus population. Our senior housing product is highly affordable and need-based, and the senior market we serve has significant resources. With senior housing starts and inventory under construction well below cyclical highs particularly in independent living, our senior housing business is set up for continued net absorption and pricing power. With this favorable supply-demand backdrop in senior housing, we will use the power of our high-quality diversified portfolio and our team's commitment, experience and insights to continue to create value for stakeholders. Thanks for your time, and I'll turn it over to Justin.
Justin Hutchens : Thank you, Debbie. I'll start by highlighting how well positioned our senior housing portfolio is within this sector, which is benefiting from very strong demand drivers. We are the second largest owner of senior housing in the world with communities located in 47 states, seven Canadian provinces and UK managed by 37 distinct market-leading operators. As Debbie mentioned, the supply-demand fundamentals in senior housing are compelling. We have experienced an acceleration in the 80-plus population growth over the past two years, and 2023 will represent the highest increase in 80-plus population on record. We also have outsized affordability in our respective markets where our target customer net worth is 4x the average cost of a stay in our setting. The senior population has significant savings and home equity that are utilized to pay for our services if the need arises. On the supply side, according to the National Investment Center for Senior Housing, units on our construction as a percentage of inventory of 4.8% has not been this low since the first quarter of 2015, and deliveries of 4,600 units is down 49% from the second quarter of 2017 peak. And aside from the second quarter of 2020 has not been this low since 2016. 99% of Ventas senior housing markets are not exposed to new starts as we face an aging demographic, which is the strongest we have seen. These facts point to considerable upside in our well-positioned senior housing portfolio. We are seeing early evidence of the benefits of our strong market position. For instance, year-to-date through July, net move-in activity continues to grow. And we have had positive net move-ins for 16 of the past 17 months, and NOI has been solid as our year-over-year same-store SHOP portfolio grew 14.2% in the first quarter and 8.7% in the second. Turning to the second quarter SHOP results and our year-over-year same-store pool. We are pleased to report another quarter that was consistent with our expectations while delivering solid year-over-year and sequential NOI growth. Pricing power has been impressive. At 5% year-over-year growth, RevPOR is the strongest we've seen in the last 10 years, primarily driven by in-house rent increases, which are running approximately 8% in the U.S. and 4% in Canada, care rate increases at 10% and re-leasing spreads that have improved from negative 14.7% since the low point in the first quarter of 2021 to nearly flat in June. Same-store average occupancy grew year-over-year by 390 basis points to 83.7%, which was in line with our guidance. Leads, move-ins continued to perform above pre-pandemic levels. The key selling season of May to September is off to a strong start. We have netted 470 move-ins through July, which is 307 higher than the same period in 2019. July average occupancy grew 30 basis points over June. These positive results in occupancy and rate drove same-store revenue to increase by over 10% versus the prior year. Turning to expenses. As we anticipated, expenses were $3.8 million per day. Same-store operating expenses grew 6.1% on a per occupied unit day basis and 11.3% overall year-over-year driven by higher occupancy and continued macro inflationary impacts on labor and other operating expenses. Labor expenses remained elevated as expected as we navigated the inflationary wage pressure and macro staff shortages. I am encouraged that our managers have successfully implemented a number of labor initiatives that we identified last fall. These initiatives include centralized line staff recruiting, applicant tracking technology enhancements and application process improvements. The result is an advancement in net hiring and the stabilization of our workforce. We have had 11 months in a row of positive net hiring, and we experienced a double-digit reduction in contract labor costs in the second quarter. Net hiring is critical to our ability to stabilize the workforce and reduce reliance on more costly and less reliable contract labor. NOI grew 8.7% year-over-year, near the high end of our SHOP guidance range led by the U.S. at 14%, while Canada demonstrated positive growth again with 1%. The incremental margin from Q1 to Q2 was 80%, while overall margin expanded 60 basis points from 23.8% to 24.4%. NOI grew 6.1% in the sequential same-store pool. Bob will cover our Q3 SHOP guidance shortly. COVID conditions have remained relatively consistent the last few months. We still have new cases occurring for staff and residents causing marginal impacts on move-ins and staffing most notably in Canada, where the regulatory environment is more stringent. Before I wrap up, I'll give a quick update on Ventas OI. We continue to utilize Ventas operational insights to engage with our operating partners more closely using our operational and analytical expertise. This quarter, we addressed digital marketing capabilities in three modules: technical website audits; UX audits, which are user experience evaluations; and hyper local SEO. This initiative is meant to optimize our digital lead bank, which is the fastest growing of all our lead sources and now represents over 3/4 of all lead volume. I am pleased with how well received Ventas OI has been among our operating partners since we introduced it at the beginning of this year, and we continue to develop it to be a model for mutually-beneficial capital partner and operator relationships. I'll summarize by saying that we have made significant progress to our post-COVID NOI recovery opportunity with a lot of upside remaining. The occupancy low point was 78% in March of 2021. We've already grown significantly since then to 84%. And given our strong market position and supportive macro backdrop, we are excited about the continued organic growth opportunity in our senior housing portfolio. Bob?
Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll start with an overview of our second quarter office and enterprise results before closing with our outlook for the third quarter. Our office segment, which includes our medical office and research and innovation businesses, performed well in Q2, delivering 3.2% year-on-year same-store growth. Medical office year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 2.8% led by contractual escalators, strong retention, new leasing and favorable expense controls. MOB occupancy rose 50 basis points from prior year and 10 basis points sequentially. R&I increased quarterly same-store 4.6%, also benefiting from escalators, leasing and higher parking. Same-store occupancy in R&I is a strong 93.2%. We were very pleased with our overall enterprise performance in the second quarter with results top to bottom at the higher end or better of our guidance range. Notably, we delivered FFO of $0.72 per share, which is at the higher end of our guidance range of $0.69 to $0.73. And that result was led by SHOP, where cash NOI grew nearly 9% year-over-year, as Justin described, with occupancy revenue and NOI where we called it a quarter ago despite a challenging backdrop. When combined with strong performance in office and triple net, total property same-store NOI increased 3.5% year-over-year, above the high end of our guidance range. Our performance trajectory and proactive steps to deliver results are being recognized. For example, all three rating agencies have made positive ratings moves in the last month to BBB+ stable, and 20 of our lending relationships provided a $500 million five-year term loan refinancing and upsizing the prior term loan at better pricing. We're very pleased that we took smart steps to enhance our portfolio quality and to reduce near-term debt, extend maturities prior to the run-up in rates and now have 89% fixed rate debt. Debt duration exceeds six years. Our average cost of debt is 3.5%. We have limited near-term maturities and robust liquidity of $2.5 billion.  In terms of Q3 guidance, we expect net income to range from $0.04 to $0.09 per fully diluted share. Q3 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.73 to $0.78 per share. The bridge from Q2 FFO per share of $0.72 to $0.76 at our Q3 midpoint is as follows: a net increase of $0.03 from $0.05 of HHS grants received in July, less $0.02 from higher interest rates on our floating rate debt and a stronger U.S. dollar; plus $0.01 of property growth led by the opening of the Drexel R&I development Debbie described earlier. A note: to enhance comparability, we now present SHOP same-store and cash NOI results excluding the benefit of HHS grants received in all periods. Let's drill into the SHOP assumptions for Q3. We expect SHOP cash NOI to grow in the range of 9% to 15% year-over-year or 12% at the midpoint, which represents an acceleration from the 9% year-over-year NOI growth posted in the second quarter. Revenue is forecast to grow 8% at the midpoint led by occupancy increasing 250 basis points to 300 basis points as well as through improving rates. Despite continuing broad inflationary expense pressure, our NOI guidance growth of 12% at the midpoint implies margin expansion. Our SHOP Q3 revenue is expected to grow sequentially led by average occupancy, which is forecast to increase 100 basis points versus the Q2 average and incorporates a continuation of positive occupancy growth trends observed in July. This revenue growth is effectively offset by sequential operating expense increases in Q3, notably including broad inflationary pressure and an extra day in the quarter. Therefore, SHOP cash NOI, though ahead of seasonal patterns, is effectively flat. Final Q3 guidance assumptions include no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 404 million fully diluted shares. For more information on our guidance assumptions, I would direct you to the business update deck posted to our website. To echo Debbie's comments, I'm excited to have BJ Grant on the Ventas team. BJ has hit the ground running, and the improved and streamlined supplemental package posted as part of Q2 earnings is the latest evidence of the IR enhancements that are underway at Ventas. To close, we believe we are in an advantaged position in the dynamic macroeconomic backdrop with the portfolio and the team to deliver sustained value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we ask each caller to state one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa : I guess maybe for Justin. You laid out a lot of positives, whether it's the re-leasing trends getting better, the care pricing, the move-in, the in-place rate increases. Everything seems great. And I guess I'm just wondering why your occupancy gain is less in Q3 than it was in Q2. What's sort of holding that back? Is that conservatism? Is there something that you sort of see about the occupancy gains? .
Justin Hutchens : Sure. So I'll just reinforce a few of those positives first. So the one thing I mentioned is that 16 of the last 17 months we've had positive net move-ins. Our year-over-year comparison has been really strong. In fact, in the U.S., in the second quarter, it was 470 basis points year-over-year. We're expecting that to be 320 year-over-year in the third quarter. Canada, by the way, was 250 year-over-year in the second. We're expecting that to be 200 year-over-year in the third. One thing I'll mention is that the sequential growth is expected to be 100 basis points. We were 70 basis points in the last quarter, so we do have some sequential occupancy growth as well. But everything has been pointing up, and we're certainly benefiting from that, and we have a lot of upside ahead of us over time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein : A question on Canada. I guess it lagged in 2Q. What's the underlying assumptions for 3Q? And maybe just a little bit more color on kind of what was driving that underperformance?
Justin Hutchens : It's Justin. So yes, Canada, first of all, it's 94% occupied. It's a very stable, strong, consistent performer for us. It did have growth in the second quarter. Just to break down the guidance that Bob gave, Canada in the third quarter is expected to have cash NOI growth of between 2% and 5%. And that includes revenue year-over-year 6%, and I mentioned already 200 basis points of occupancy on a year-over-year basis. And so we're anticipating growth in Canada. They've had -- we've had not a lot of activity that was COVID-related in the second quarter. But where we did have it, some restrictions on move-ins, it was disproportionately affecting Canada. And then meanwhile, the U.S. is really the growth engine, where our cash NOI is expected to grow between 13% and 21% in the third quarter, revenue 9% year-over-year and 320 basis points of occupancy. So really strong, stable performer in Canada, growth engine in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Griffin from Citigroup.
Michael Griffin : I just wanted to go on to the disposition guidance. I noticed that it declined $100 million quarter-over-quarter. Just curious if you can expand on that a bit, maybe assets you're targeting for sale and then what you might be seeing in the transaction market more broadly.
Robert Probst : Yes. I'll hit on the guidance. I can pass it to John on the second question. But we went from $200 million to $100 million in the back half. That's really a timing question as much as anything, frankly, in terms of expectations of when asset sales will close with various portfolios on the market. But the theme of looking for opportunities to upgrade the portfolio using those disposition proceeds to reinvest. We'll continue in the back half and into next year. Do you want to touch on transactions? 
John Cobb: Sure. I mean, I think we had a good start in 2022. We've done roughly about $1.3 billion of new investments. I think we're seeing a fair amount of deal volume still out there. I think we're being careful in what we choose, but we are seeing -- still seeing a fair amount of volume of transactions that we do like.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Markets. .
Michael Carroll : I wanted to touch on the RevPOR growth expectations within your SHOP portfolio. I think we all understand the real estate part. But on the care part, with pricing up 10% in the second quarter, is that fully keeping up with inflation? And how often or can your operators pass those increases to residents given how quickly the inflation expectations are changing?
Justin Hutchens : So as it pertains to care, we are seeing the actual care rate that's charged has been raised 10%, and that is a huge step in the direction of keeping up with inflation. The other thing that occurs is I'm sure you know is that as resident at on place and their needs grow, we'll have we'll have care charges increase in conjunction with resident needs, which helps to pay for the labor required to take care of residents. And so this is the -- it's really the highest we've seen in terms of care charge increases. That can happen more than one time a year. They tend to only happen one time a year, but there's -- it was encouraging to see the execution on care prices on top of the strong in-house rent increases, plus The Street rates are growing as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Richard Anderson : So I want to talk about the sequential again and specifically looking at same-store versus total. So you did 70 basis points on the same-store pool. I think I had that right. And -- but when you look at the total portfolio, which is substantially more assets, the increase was -- I'm looking at the sequential rate, excuse me, the increase was somewhat less. So what is the -- maybe Justin, can you bucket the 546 assets that are total versus the 321 that are same-store and whether or not the difference is an incremental upside to Ventas beyond the same-store picture? Or is there something about new senior and some of the new acquisitions and transitions that are going to take more time for you to see the occupancy build that we're all anticipating? .
Justin Hutchens : Yes. That's -- it's a good observation, Rich. There's a couple of hundred communities that are in that kind of non-same-store category. They have some unique characteristics. One is that they're lower occupied. So they run below the rest of the pool, kind of mid-70-ish. They have more upside therefore. They also have been growing faster. They had double-digit sequential growth Q1 to Q2. So the performance is good, and we do expect that pool to grow and be a big contributor to that U.S. growth engine that I mentioned.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital. .
Juan Sanabria : I just wanted to change tack a little bit notwithstanding the credit affirmation by the rating agencies. I just wanted to get a sense of the plan for the balance sheet with the leverage kind of ticking up at 7.3x. What the plan is? And when do you expect to be kind of back to within your target range, which is definitely lower than that? So just curious on visibility there and timing.
Robert Probst : Yes, I'll take that one, Juan. First off, we were really pleased to see all three agencies take that positive rating action to BBB+. And really, the predicate of that across the board was the trends we're seeing in senior housing. And you'll know the fact that we've been above the range due to COVID. It's the impact on SHOP NOI and the recovery, therefore, of the NOI has been -- continues to be the key to get back in the range. In the meantime, we've been doing smart things along the way. I mentioned asset dispositions to upgrade the portfolio, reducing near-term debt as an example. We continue to do those types of things depending on market conditions. But fundamentally, the predicate of getting back into that range is SHOP NOI growth. 
Debra Cafaro : Right, right. The net debt to EBITDA, the EBITDA growth is an important component of getting back in the range.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra : So I guess I just want to step back and think about maybe a little bigger picture trend that you can maybe help us walk through or tell me where I'm wrong. You just laid out O&I really strong. You're producing 4-plus percent NOI growth. MOB is steady. You just -- and Justin, you laid out why the senior housing portfolio is very well set up into '23. So given all of this, if I want to boil it down to underlying earnings growth of FAD growth over a multiyear period, and I'm not asking for '23 numbers, what I'm trying to understand is, where would I be wrong if I take all of that and say over a three-year period, you can average 5% plus FAD growth. But ultimately, the underlying question is, does all of this translate into cash earnings?
Robert Probst : Well, the short answer is, yes, we do feel across the portfolio with different drivers, non-correlated drivers of demand and growth that we will see portfolio, cash flow growth and NOI growth, FFO and FAD to your point. Not giving you a forecast, of course, on timing and slope. But absolutely, that is the portfolio view. The organic growth opportunity is better than I've seen in my eight years at Ventas, and I think some time before that, and so growing reliable cash flows certainly is the projection.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette : Just on Slide 6 in the presentation where you show the $3.8 million per day of SHOP operating expenses in 2Q. That should be the same number in 3Q. I guess I just wanted to unpack that a little bit further when there could be more favorable operating leverage if that does come down. And I guess, at the end of the day, the question is, on an absolute basis, will that $3.8 million number actually come down? Or does it just stay flat to up, hopefully just grow at a slower pace maybe as you exit '22 and move into 2023?
Debra Cafaro : I mean that's really a macro question. And obviously, we're in a very dynamic macro environment changing by the minute, as we saw with today's jobs trends. I think looking into the third, we do continue to see those inflationary pressures. I think we need to incorporate in policymakers' minds a longer-term view now with the new news today of where we expect to see CPI and wage expectations over the next year. But that is -- the $3.8 million is really a function of the macro. We are doing everything we can. Our operators are doing everything they can to manage that growth, including the net hiring that Justin talked about, which is pretty fundamental.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Kramer : Just wanted to maybe kind of drill in on Slide 9, and I appreciate kind of the disclosure there around pricing in RevPOR. Looking at kind of the releasing spread trends, really kind of positive trends here in the last year plus. I guess kind of the question is, where can we go from here? And again, not asking you to kind of drill down on the specific timing for when this may turn positive. But how kind of how much can you kind of push re-leasing spreads? And where can we kind of take that from here? And then on the care side, 10% is a really strong number. How high can you kind of push that number as well?
Justin Hutchens : So this is Justin. So first of all, yes, the trend has been great, particularly the re-leasing spread trend. You might remember that even before the pandemic, that was typically a negative number around kind of mid-single digit negative. We're doing much better than that now. That really helps demonstrate the demand at the doorstep and the pricing power and see that number actually -- we're showing the second quarter on the slide you mentioned, but it was almost flat in June. It was -- that's really encouraging. We do have groups of communities that are positive already from a re-leasing spread standpoint. And that's certainly possible, but there's always going to be a consideration around price and volume that will come over time. So this doesn't necessarily -- it's not necessarily going to look like walking up a set of stairs. There could be some movement in the trend. And then on care, that's really -- it's just another form of pricing. The in-house rent increases really gave confidence around the pricing power. The re-leasing spread helped as well, and care is an important component in the assisted living business. So that’s an area that gets focused as well in terms of pricing. And the -- really the goal and opportunity is really just to keep a differential eventually between that revenue increase and that expense increase and drive the NOI growth and doing that in a way that's taking the best possible care of people.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico : So I want to turn to the development program. I know you announced a new start with Le Groupe Maurice. You also have a new R&I development. Can you just remind us from a size standpoint, how we should think about incremental starts going forward? I think when you did Le Groupe Maurice originally, you talked about two to three development starts per year. And then R&I I know is sort of lumpier. You got a big one this quarter. And then I guess, just reminding us as well, just from a funding standpoint, how we should think about this? Is this all -- are there already construction loans set up within the joint ventures to fund most of this?
Debra Cafaro : Well, thanks. Good to talk to you. I would say, yes, you're correct about Le Groupe Maurice. This has been a great investment for us both in terms of the as the existing operating assets that we acquired and then the development pipeline. And you're right, we have grown that at about two to three a year and did announce a new deal. These are really outstanding assets. And one thing we really like about the developments there is that when they open they're already significantly pre-leased, and that's a unique model that's been really effective. In terms of the R&I business, these two new projects are super exciting. We'll continue to fund those. Optimally, I would say, in general, we do get construction financing for 50 to -- 50% to 2/3 of the building. And some of them we do on balance sheet and some of them we do under our Ventas Investment Management platform. And with these new developments, we would expect to optimize that capital structure for the best way we can for Ventas.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller : Curious, for the two new development announcements, how long ago did you start discussions for those? And did your expected returns -- I guess your return expectations evolve over the past few months?
Debra Cafaro : These discussions with these major research universities are long processes. The good news is, again, this demand from universities for state-of-the-art lab space is just voracious, and we're able to continue with Wexford to target really this top 5% of research universities. The yields continue to be, I think, very attractive on a risk-adjusted return basis. And we've been successful in delivering projects on time, on budget. And so we have a very good track record there and an ability to modify yield based upon ultimate costs working with those universities. So it's a very good model with significant pre-leasing. And the risk/reward is quite good, which is why we keep doing it. We're lucky that we have this competitive advantage in this business.
Operator: The next caller -- will come from John Pawlowski with Green Street.
John Pawlowski : I want to go back to Steve and Rich's question about the trajectory of SHOP occupancy. So 100 bps sequential improvements very good in a normal year, but we're still coming out of the basement. So I guess we're all wondering what's holding back specifically in the U.S., the trajectory of occupancy given we should have a lot of pent-up demand? And why aren't we seeing 150 bps, 200 bps, 250 bps type of trajectory of occupancy given the jump-off point we're coming from?
Justin Hutchens : Well, I guess the way I would frame it is it's a function of supply and demand. We've had -- it's not just kind of a recent phenomenon that we've been experiencing these new movements. It's been happening for last 16 or 17 months. If there was some pent-up demand, I think I would point to the early part of '21 where we had a pop when vaccines were executed and April stands out, for instance. But I think what we're seeing overall is just really strong demand fundamentals. And like I mentioned, it's growing, and we have even more growth ahead of us in next year and beyond. So we're well positioned. We're playing into it. Our portfolio has been significantly outperforming the overall NIC data, the sector data that the NIC industry puts out. So we're growing and we're growing at a pace we haven't seen before.
Debra Cafaro : And the sequential occupancy projected growth is higher than the second quarter sequential occupancy growth. So we're pleased by that and good year-over-year growth projected in the third.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird.
David Rodgers : I wanted to drill down a little bit on commercial and leasing spreads a little bit for R&I and medical office. Can you kind of give us a sense for where those leasing spreads are coming in today? And I guess for MOB in particular, would be interested if you're seeing an increased level of spreads and those conversations and being able to push through additional escalators in the leases. So any additional color there would be helpful.
Debra Cafaro : Pete is very happy for the question. So Pete.
Peter Bulgarelli : Yes. I got a question.
Debra Cafaro : Yes, exactly.
Peter Bulgarelli : Yes, terrific. Well, we've been having a high degree of success in MOBs in particular and really all across office in growing occupancy. For MOBs, we were one of the few that had occupancy growth last year, also in the first quarter and then again in the second quarter. So we're very pleased with our leasing success. We have much less space to lease just based on the lease expirations in this quarter, but we're leasing quite a bit more space than we did last year at this time. So it's a great dynamic. Leasing spreads and escalators are both increasing significantly. For the entire portfolio, the leasing -- lease escalator has gone up by 10 basis points just in this quarter. And we don't disclose the re-leasing spreads because I still haven't been able to make heads and tails of how it really works with some of our competitors, but it's positive.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Omotayo Okusanya: So a quick question about the triple net portfolio. And I guess the occupancy on the senior housing side, it's so well below your occupancy side. So kind of curious why that continues to lag as much as it does and if there's kind of any additional risk of having to address rents for some of the tenants that still have to kind of meet the weak rent coverage.
Debra Cafaro : Justin is going to take that, Tayo.
Justin Hutchens : Yes. So the occupancy is really just a function of the going in occupancy. So when I say that, I mean leading heading into the pandemic period, it was running lower already. We have higher absolute occupancy in our SHOP portfolio. The triple net portfolio is obviously a little lower occupied. It's carried a little bit more expense as well. But the kind of the credit situation and the stability of the cash flows have improved dramatically. We've put a lot of effort in over the last 1.5 years to improve our position with those leases. And we mentioned last quarter some COVID cleanup, that's occurred now. So if the trajectory of the sector continues in a positive way, we expect the triple-net portfolio to continue to improve and perform well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: So I actually want to go back to seniors housing and the projections for 3Q. When you look at the percentage of move-ins versus 2019, they've kind of been coming down over the last few quarters. Have you seen any -- and historically, we've seen some impacts from when move-ins right, when stock market goes down when home sales velocity kind of slows. Have you seen any evidence of that kind of deer-in-headlight effects in the last quarter or two and into 3Q? And does that play into your projections for 3Q?
Justin Hutchens : Yes. So I mean one thing we do watch is consumer sentiment. It's something we keep an eye on because although it's not usually strongly correlated to senior housing because senior housing is more needs-driven, it's something that maybe could have impact on the fringes. The growth we've experienced has been pretty consistent. We've had very consistent lead and move-in activity. We've also been relatively low, which is obviously helpful and supportive of net move-ins. So right now, I mean we just gave guidance on the third quarter. We're expecting growth, and there's good support for that. And we're always watching all the macro market kind of key indicators. Debbie mentioned a lot of them, and there's others as well. So we'll be mindful of the macro environment.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Griffin with Citigroup. 
Mike Griffin : Just a quick question on spot occupancy growth. I noticed the occupancy build is kind of late in the second quarter. Maybe that explains the higher average expected in the third quarter, but kind of curious about your thoughts there and maybe any expectations around that.
Robert Probst : Yes, Michael, I'd say the spot in the average are pretty close to each other. So yes, we had a nice end of the second, but hope for the same in the third. So average is a good proxy.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital.
Juan Sanabria : Just a question maybe for Justin. If I look at Page 17 of the investor deck focusing on affordability, it looks like you have significant headroom to potentially push pricing. Is that something that the operators are receptive to? Or just curious if that is a push for the OI platform and an opportunity in your mind.
Justin Hutchens : Those are so much of my favorite topics, Juan. I would say the first…
Juan Sanabria : I had to go…. 
Justin Hutchens : I know you did. I don't even think we have time to go through at all. I would say on the first part on affordability, I know you know this, but the big opportunity in the sector is price transparency, which we really don't have today. So you'll hear language like price discovery, where we're pushing pricing in markets and just testing for resistance. And obviously, this year, there hasn't been much because we're pushing on all fronts. And the affordability really points to that as well. And our operating partners have been just magnificent, I think, in playing into that opportunity and having the confidence to push, and it's an area that we're definitely improving in. And then from an OI standpoint, we definitely do focus on pricing. It's a huge part of the focus even before we called it OI officially. Last fall, we were highly engaged with our operators to plan for the pricing execution that we've seen this year. So it's always a hot topic, and it's a big opportunity for the sector over time as well because it -- we deliver a tremendous service to our residents. It's comprehensive, and it's very valuable. And...
Debra Cafaro: They can afford it. 
Justin Hutchens : And they can afford it, bottom line, yes.
Debra Cafaro : So that's the definition of a good situation. All right. Thanks, Justin. I think we do have a couple more follow-ons and we can take those before we close.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Omotayo Okusanya : Okay. Great. So thanks for taking the follow on. No one ever really seems to ask about post-acute but just kind of curious what's happening over there, a slight decline in coverage for you guys, a lot of kind of news in general on the hospital side in the kind of first half of 2022 industry-wise. So just curious, again, it's a small part of your portfolio, but curious what you're seeing on that side.
Debra Cafaro : Well, you've seen from the public hospital operators, all the providers are in a transition period now, I think they are coming out of kind of a COVID period and going into a more normal kind of census and census environment and acuity environment. So as wage pressures abate, I think you'll see improvement there and volumes continue to increase. Certainly, higher employment there is beneficial to the acute care business. So that's positive. They just got a rate increase, obviously, that will take effect October 1. And then in post-acute, I think you're also sort of starting to see some normalization in both the volumes and the beginning of some normalization in wages, but a long way to go there. And that's going to take more time, I would say, than in the hospital business, which is always at the top of the food chain.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of John Pawlowski from Green Street.
John Pawlowski : Pete, I'm hoping you can expand on the line in the press release talking about frictional vacancy coming into life science. Could you help quantify that and what caused the move-out?
Peter Bulgarelli : Yes. Thanks for the question, John. So we have really good occupancy, 93% in our same-store pool for R&I, But COVID -- we also have -- we have some tenants that are pure office tenants and innovation space, and we disclosed this last quarter that we had a couple of move-outs in that area where people have just reconsidered the space they need and the type of space they need. It's actually caused -- created an opportunity for us to convert some of that space into the high-demand lab space. And so we have over the next quarter or two some transitions. We'll be converting to lab space and repopulating some of those tenants -- tenant vacancies. But we are bullish about the full year. We're bullish about '23 and beyond.
Debra Cafaro : And as I mentioned, for example, in Miami, we've already backfilled [80,000] feet immediately at higher rates. So Pete's done a great job on that, and thanks for the question.  Is that it? All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for your time and attention for your interest in the company. We're all here and ready and committed to continue delivering value. We know it's a dynamic environment, but we're excited about the future. So thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. My name is Abbie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ventas First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sarah Whitford. Ms. Whitford, you may begin your conference.
Sarah Whitford: Thank you, Abby. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas first quarter financial results conference call. Yesterday, we issued our first quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. I want to welcome you to the Ventas first quarter earnings call. I am delighted to be joined by my Ventas colleagues who have worked so hard for shareholders, each other, our partners and our other stakeholders over the past 2 plus years. We are off to a strong start in 2022. We are delighted to deliver on our commitment to grow normalized FFO and same-store shop NOI year-over-year for the first time since the pandemic began. It is certainly worth pausing to appreciate a quarter that returns us to growth and underscores our positive momentum and the senior housing recovery that is underway. In the quarter, we continued to benefit from stability and growth in our office and healthcare triple-net lease businesses. And in SHOP, we saw outstanding year-over-year NOI revenue and occupancy growth that overcame meaningful impacts of COVID-19 and inflationary pressures during the quarter. Looking forward, the power of our well-positioned communities, strong demand evidenced by leads that consistently exceed pre-pandemic levels into April, pricing power and advantaged markets should translate into sustained NOI growth through the balance of the year. These trends should be further enhanced by favorable supply demand fundamentals, supporting net absorption in our markets. Specifically, Q1 2022 starts are down two-thirds from the peak just as the over-80 population is set to grow over 20% during the next several years. But we are not just relying on demographics to win the recovery. Justin and his senior housing team continue to take decisive actions following the right asset, right market, right operator approach to best position our senior housing portfolio to capture the upside ahead. We have already started to see the benefit of these actions with a strong first quarter and our SHOP portfolio has outperformed industry benchmarks for comparable senior housing communities over the last year. Today, we have announced another important step in this progress. We have revised our agreement with Sunrise to align our interest toward profitable growth and value creation. We have been working together with Sunrise since 2007 and are delighted to reset the relationship with the current management team at this point in the cycle. In addition to organic growth, we also benefited from the investments we have made under our consistent long-term capital allocation philosophy and priorities. On the investment front, we have posted about $4 billion of investment activity since the beginning of 2021. With our first quarter 2022 capital allocation priorities continuing to be the acquisition and development of senior housing, life science and select medical office buildings. I want to highlight two of our first quarter investments and show how they demonstrate our investment approach. The two investments have reliable going in cash yields, limited downside and room for growth. And both came from trusted relationships built over long periods of time through repeated and mutual success. Mangrove Bay is an irreplaceable senior housing community located on the waterfront in the high wealth submarket of Jupiter, Florida. Acquired for $107 million, Mangrove has large units, high REVPOR and a strong, consistent operating history. Since the acquisition, performance has been strong and our investment yield has grown to 6%. Our recent value-add investment in the U City Philadelphia submarket represents an opportunity to add another component our incredibly well-performing research and innovation portfolio located between Penn and Drexel. We intend to convert a portion of the building to high-demand lab space and achieve a 7% stabilized yield on our aggregate investment costs. The Penn-Drexel market has been very successful for us, with our two ongoing developments now 90% leased or committed and rents up 40% since we put a shovel in the ground. I’d like to touch on three more points before closing, our continued focus on driving total shareholder return, ESG leadership and the macro environment. First, as a continuation of our commitment to driving TSR performance, I welcome BJ Grant to the VTR team. He is a highly regarded long-time REIT investor, who has a distinct appreciation for healthcare and senior housing real estate. BJ is going to work with the Ventas team and externally with the investment community to reinforce the Ventas value proposition. Second, I’d like to highlight our sustainability leadership, which continues with our announced commitment to achieve net zero carbon emissions over the next two decades and our recent recognition as the number one medical office building owner/operator for ENERGY STAR certifications. Finally, let’s discuss the all-important macro economy, particularly current inflationary pressures and the tightest labor market we have seen in 50 years. It is encouraging that today’s Jobs Report evidenced some emerging indications of stability. Emanating from a confluence of factors, annual inflation is expected to continue to run high, perhaps exceeding 8% through the second quarter and then moderate by a couple of percentage points in the back half of the year and moderate again by another couple of percentage points by mid-2023. While significant uncertainty remains, this improvement in expectations is the result of various policy actions, including Fed tightening, tempering demand, greater balance in workforce supply and demand from expansion of the labor force participation rate and a slower pace of job creation and some supply chain normalization. Whether these forces result in a soft landing or trigger a recession, Ventas is relatively well positioned. Our demand is robust, it is need based and it is growing. Pricing power is strong and has the potential to strengthen further as occupancies continue to recover. Softening the rate of growth in labor and other expenses should improve our margin, particularly as revenue and occupancy increase. But regardless of the macro environment and uncertainty, at Ventas, we will remain agile, execution-focused and performance-driven. With an attractive valuation and high-quality portfolio, growth potential, a well covered advantaged dividend, 90% fixed rate debt and the opportunity to drive external growth, we are very well positioned. In closing, I want you to know that all of us at Ventas are committed to using every tool at our disposal to XL and creates sustained value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. Thank you. Justin?
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I will start by noting that we are very pleased with the NOI growth in the quarter and the start of what should be sustained improvement in our SHOP portfolio throughout the year. The revenue performance is very strong driven by volume and pricing in spite of the COVID activity in the first quarter leading to our best year-over-year and sequential revenue performance we have ever seen in our portfolio. Now, I will speak to the first quarters our performance excluding HHS grants, second quarter guidance, comments and update on our key initiative. In the first quarter same-store revenue increased by nearly 10% versus the prior year due to the positive trends in occupancy and rates, same-store average occupancy grew year-over-year by 420 basis points to 83%, which was ahead of the guidance midpoint of 410 basis points. Although the first quarter was slowed by impacts of COVID, demand remained resilient. Year-to-date through April, lead and move-in activity continue to outperform pre-pandemic levels, led principally by our U.S. AL business. REVPOR increased by 4.2% versus the prior year, benefiting from strong in-place resident rate increases approximating 8% and improving re-leasing spreads. Not only did we execute very strong in-house rent increases during the quarter, we have also witnessed strong sequential growth in street rates over the past several months, as move-in rates have improved 5% sequentially. The result of these favorable pricing trends has helped to translate into narrowing re-leasing spreads, which is now a low single-digit reduction and more favorable than pre-pandemic levels, this demonstrated pricing power is occurring a 83% occupancy, therefore we believe we have significant occupancy rate and ultimately revenue growth potential in front of us.  Turning to expenses. Same-store operating expenses grew 8% year-over-year excluding HHS driven by higher occupancy and macro inflationary impacts throughout the quarter and labor utilities and other operating expenses. Labor expenses remain elevated as we navigate the macro staff shortages with enhance hiring practices and target wage increases. Net hiring has improved 7 months in a row. And although we are pleased to see the progress on hiring, we have yet to see it impact the P&L. Although inflation is elevated and labor expenses remain high, the incremental margin growth is strong. One of the best aspects of the senior housing operating business at this point in the cycle is the high operating leverage. We are starting to benefit from this operating leverage as the incremental margin was 56%, which helped the overall margin improved at 24%.  It is important to note that even though we were pleased with the quarter's performance, the impacts from COVID drove uneven geographic results, with the U.S. significantly outperforming Canada on the bottom line. NOI in the U.S. grew 26% year-over-year versus Canada, which was down 2%. We expect conditions to improve over the balance of the year as Canada's move-in restrictions were the primary driver of its performance compared to the U.S. Our independent living business was also impacted by COVID in the quarter, but I am encouraged to see reacceleration of move-ins in that portfolio in both March and April. We continue to believe in the independent living thesis over time, we should benefit from our independent living through the overall higher stability with higher margin, lower labor, higher occupancy and a longer length of stay. Our independent living communities in the U.S. and Canada are located in markets that support strong net absorption over time. Moving on to significant updates in the senior housing portfolio, our transition 90 portfolio of mid-market, assisted living communities located in markets with favorable demand characteristics, which was fully transitioned as of January 1 of this year to new regional operators is showing early signs of improvement as occupancy and NOI are both string to improve. Our leading Senior Living portfolio services over 75,000 residents across 46 U.S. states, seven Canadian provinces and the UK, and it's comprised of 38 operators. We remain fully engaged in developing deeper and mutually beneficial relationships, especially with our SHOP operating partners through Ventas OI. Our goal with this platform is to use our operating experience and deep analytical capabilities to improve all aspects of operations, from digital marketing strategy to CapEx optimization to recruitment and retention. We have developed a differentiated support structure to help our operators succeed. We continue to identify opportunities to improve our portfolio through selective pruning, as we are targeting roughly $200 million of senior housing dispositions this year. We are also pleased, as announced today, that we refreshed our relationship with Sunrise Senior Living, who operates 92 of our high-end assisted living communities. This relationship has been reframed with better alignment, which adds flexibility and rewards NOI performance which now contributes to the management fee and incentives based on outsized NOI growth. Given the emphasis on NOI at this point in the cycle we think this alignment is perfectly it's perfectly timed. I'll close by reiterating our expectation for sustained improved SHOP performance throughout the year driven by revenue through occupancy growth and improved pricing. I would also like to acknowledge our operating partners, who have been successfully navigating an evolving macroenvironment and ultimately, creating a valuable living experience for our residents and value creation for our shareholders. Now I'll hand the call to Bob.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'm going to share a few thoughts on our first quarter office and enterprise results and finish up with our second quarter outlook before turning the call to Q&A. Our Office segment, which includes our medical office and research and innovation businesses, performed well in Q1, delivering 4.6% year-on-year same-store growth. Medical office year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 3.5%, led by strong retention, contractual escalators and parking recovery. R&I increased 7.9%, which also benefited from escalators and leasing, as well as from $1 million in holdover rent from an exiting tenant. Adjusting for this holdover rent, R&I growth was 4.6% in the quarter and Office same-store NOI growth was 3.8%. In terms of overall enterprise performance, we were very pleased to have posted growth in the first quarter for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. We delivered FFO of $0.79 per share and organic SHOP revenue and NOI same-store growth of 10% and 14%, respectively. Meanwhile, total property same-store NOI increased 5.8%, excluding HHS grants. And this growth was achieved while Omicron raged for the majority of the quarter. These results speak to the quality of the Ventas portfolio and the commitment and skill of the Ventas operators and team. Leverage improved sequentially by 30 basis points to 6.9x in Q1 as a result of senior housing NOI growth and HHS proceeds, partially offset by acquisitions closed in the first quarter that have been pre-funded in 2021. In this rising interest rate environment, 90% of our debt is fixed rate with the duration exceeding 6 years and an average cost of debt of 3.4%. We are pleased that we extended debt maturities in 2021, having paid down over $1 billion of near-term debt while raising over $1 billion of new debt with a weighted coupon of 2.65%. And our liquidity remains robust, with $2.2 billion available at the close of the first quarter. In terms of Q2 guidance, we expect net income to range from minus $0.03 to plus $0.01 per fully diluted share. Q2 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.69 to $0.73 per share. When excluding HHS grants, our Q2 guidance midpoint of $0.71 compares to Q1 FFO of $0.71. We expect SHOP to grow approximately $0.02 sequentially. This is largely offset by two items previously communicated, a $0.01 sequential reduction from the move out of two life science tenants, which will enable redevelopment into high-demand lab space, and $0.01 from lease resolutions with a handful of smaller operators in the senior housing triple-net business, with future upside participation in the cash flows at the assets. Further impacting the SHOP Q2 year-over-year same-store guidance, we expect revenue to grow approximately 10% at the midpoint, led by occupancy increasing by 400 basis points, as well as improved rates. We expect to grow shop NOI in the range of 2% to 10%. At the guidance midpoint, Ventas expects operating expenses per day in Q2 to remain consistent with Q1. Flat operating expenses per day sequentially in Q2 is higher than normal seasonal trends as a result of incorporated continued inflationary pressures, notably on labor, utilities and resident services. Looking sequentially, overall SHOP segment NOI is expected to grow approximately 4% from Q1 to Q2. Looking beyond Q2 for SHOP, based on the favorable supply/demand backdrop, the strength of the revenue engine and the expectation of some moderation in inflationary pressure in the back half, we continue to expect sustained improvement in SHOP same-store cash NOI through 2022. Final Q2 guidance assumptions include no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 403 million fully diluted shares. For more information on our guidance assumptions, I would direct you to the business update deck posted to our website. I would also point you to Pages 29 and 31 of our supplemental, which provide insights and disclosure including segment NOI guidance and an NOI to FFO trending schedule to allow for easier insight into unique items in our results. To echo Debbie’s comments, I’m excited to have BJ Grant join Ventas as our leader of IR. BJ is an accomplished REIT investor, has deep knowledge of healthcare and Ventas and will be a great fit with our team. To close, we believe the senior housing recovery that is now underway, the actions we have taken and our continued focus on execution position us for sustained value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Bob, I just wanted to maybe drill in a little bit on what you were talking about on expenses and just to make sure I understand, contract labor I know was kind of a big headwind in the first quarter. I’m just trying to understand what are your expectations for that in Q2? And just maybe labor overall in Q2 versus kind of labor in Q1?
Robert Probst: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And there is a really helpful page in the business update on Page 12, which speaks to expenses. And just to frame this, I know you’re asking about labor, but again, I want to put labor in the context of the overall expense base, because we are seeing inflationary pressure not only in labor but in other areas such as food and utilities and so on, and that’s embedded in the forecast. But specific to labor, contract labor within that, which is, call it, 5% of labor with 95% being in-house labor. We did see some modest improvement in contract labor towards the end of the first, and we expect that to continue modestly improving into the second, as we continue to get some success in hiring, as Justin articulated. Importantly, the overall labor, we are assuming continued inflationary impacts in targeted ways in order to enable that recruiting. If you step back from it all, we are holding our cost per day flat sequentially Q2 to Q1 in a quarter which is seasonally lower, typically to reflect that inflation. And hopefully, that helps frame the answer.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nick Joseph with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Griffin: Hey, you’ve got Michael Griffin here on for Nick. Just curious, on future senior housing investments, is there more of a preference for the U.S. or Canada?
Debra Cafaro: I’ll take that and then turn it over to Justin, but we’ve been very successful in both markets over time. Canada has really outperformed during the pandemic. Occupancies remain very high and the market has been favorable over long periods of time. And of course, the U.S. is the engine of growth in this quarter with 26% year-over-year. So we like the growth potential there as well. Justin, do you want to...
Justin Hutchens: Yes. And I’d just say that as we’re underwriting deals, we always drill home to the local market, and we’re following the philosophy of right asset, right market, right operator. Certainly, the broader Canadian market tends to have a better supply demand dynamic over time. They have been 90% occupied for the last 10 years. So it’s been supportive of a very stable and growing investment in Canada. And then the U.S., looking ahead, with supply being so low and starts being so low over the next few years, we like our opportunity to grow organically, but also to make investments in the U.S. as well.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just a bigger broader one, Debbie and Justin, you’ve treated now at between 4 and call it, 7 turns multiple spread to your largest peer. I’m just wondering like, I know you’re going to be executing over the next few quarters, but are there other changes or strategies or the things you can do that you think will – investors will allow that gap to close?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for the question. As I mentioned, we are and have been taking a lot of decisive action on the portfolio with the team and just in general, to execute, to make sure people understand the Ventas story and the opportunities. And really, we have a consistent strategy that over time has delivered superior performance, and we look forward to the opportunities ahead. And again, look forward to driving TSR, as I mentioned.
Operator: We will take our next question from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thank you. So I was curious, based on the positive trends you’re seeing in street rate growth for senior housing and the improvement in re-leasing spreads to the low single-digit decreases, do you expect re-leasing spreads to turn positive into the stronger leasing season? And what that could imply for future pricing? Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. Yes. So we are very encouraged by the trends, and we certainly have demonstrated pricing power, as we mentioned, and to do so at 83% occupancy is just a real good indicator of the demand for senior housing, which has been strong and growing and performing above pre-pandemic levels. So we would expect pricing power to persist. We demonstrated first with rent – in-house rent increases that around 8%, which was solid. The next lever we can pull is street rates and narrowing the re-leasing spread, which is happening already. We would expect it to continue. There is aspects – there is parts of our portfolio that are already positive in terms of re-leasing spreads. So we certainly think that can be achieved and should be. And I’d just say that we’re encouraged by the trends and expect the environment to support more improvement in that area.
Operator: We will take our next question from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Juan Sanabria: Just the two parts – good morning, just a two-parter. I guess, one would be any April occupancy update you can provide? And part two would be a follow-up to Austin’s question. Typically, we see REVPOR year-over-year growth peak in the first quarter and then kind of moderate, as you see some churn in the portfolio. But wondering if you can give any commentary on expectations beyond the second quarter, in the context of your comment in the investor – or the quarterly deck about the percentage of the portfolio having the 1-year anniversary between the second and the fourth quarter as well as the leasing spreads and how we should think about year-over-year REVPOR growth for the balance of the year?
Robert Probst: I’ll take the second one first and let Justin talk about April 1. So you’re right, REVPOR traditionally, at least over the last 5 years or so, if you look sequentially at the growth rate year-over-year, we tend to drift down over the quarters, with the first quarter being supported by the in-house rate increase and then the re-leasing spread dragging that down over the balance of the year. The dynamic – and that was in the supply backdrop really. That was typically the case. What’s really encouraging here is the firming street rate or new resident pricing would suggest that, that drift should improve, i.e., ultimately, a positive re-leasing spread over time as discussed. So we should have a better profile over time, notwithstanding the fact that the re-leasing spread is still lower. But over – as a trend, I would expect that would be better than the supply area, particularly given the backdrop of the fundamentals. You want to talk about...
Debra Cafaro: Juan, Page 11, of course, has April leads and move-ins which are, as Justin mentioned, ahead of pre-pandemic levels, leads were very strong. And do you want to talk about sort of entering – and we’re entering the key selling season, obviously.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. One thing about the key selling season, which is really May through September, we would expect that literally 99% of our net move-ins occurred during this period. So this is the red hot part of the selling season for this sector. We’re around 83.3% occupied in April, off to a good start in the quarter. And as Debbie mentioned, the underlying demand has just been really solid.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rich Anderson with SMBC. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And drafting off that occupancy, monthly occupancy number, you mentioned in your deck, 500 basis points to return you to pre-pandemic occupancy. I think the market is probably – it has an appetite for what the sequential occupancy numbers look like in your guidance for the second quarter. So maybe you could give some cadence to the April, May, June expectation? And also what the timeline is in your mind to capture that 500 basis points and get us back to square one pre-pandemic occupancy? Thanks.
Robert Probst: Hi, Rich, so sequentially, we would expect 80 basis points of sequential average occupancy growth. The start to the quarter in April is 20 basis points, suggesting it to go, if you like, in the 50 on average per month for the balance of the quarter. Remember, back to the key selling season, that begins to accelerate here in the coming months. If you looked at last year, how we trended, that looks as if last year are also favorable. So that would suggest a good setup for the guidance number.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes. I just wanted to stick on the seniors housing demand trends. Obviously, the leads and move-ins are strong and have been strong. But how could a potential economic slowdown or even a downdraft in the housing market impact those trends? And obviously, the leads as a percent of 2019, kind of started to dip in the first quarter into April. I mean I’m not sure if there is anything to read into that? Or is that just something unique with the 2019 versus the 2022 trends?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. So the first part of your question really refers to the macro backdrop, and we’ve obviously been through other cycles, including one that had a housing demand and price decline. There is – there can be – if it’s dramatic like it was during the Great Recession, there can be an initial shock to the system. But what we saw during – post kind of the initial period of the Great Recession is that senior housing performed really well. It performed well and had a backdrop for a few years of limited new competition, more so than what we’re seeing now. We have a real opportunity with the starts being so low and the deliveries being so low relative to that period. So the other thing, too, is that house wealth and income demographics in our markets are very supportive. The affordability for our product is very, very strong. So we think we’re well positioned in that regard.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And I would say, even potentially within real estate, relatively advantaged, because that would result in some more slack in the labor market as well. So, it would change the expense equation here, while the demand and supply are favorable. So, that’s I think an important point to understand. And then in terms of April, I think we are actually doing well compared to prior April.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. We are way ahead of April of last year in terms of absolute leads, and we are still well ahead of 2019. So, we are not – we are more encouraged than anything.
Debra Cafaro: Because those quarters embed this key selling season of May and June the prior period presentation.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Joshua Dennerlein: Just curious what spurred the initial conversation with Sunrise on switching the management contract over to more NOI base? Kind of how did that come about? And then is there any ability to do this with other operators?
Debra Cafaro: Well, this was all part of Justin’s mandate, as these – we keep talking about these decisive actions, operationally focused, positioning the portfolio to capture the upside. And obviously, when he first came in March of 2020, there was a lot of focus on sort of the COVID reaction and stabilization. And so now where we have been taking these steps and the Sunrise is another good example of what we are trying to do to position the portfolio, Justin, you can comment, in particular, about how you have done this.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. I mean one thing I will just mention is that Jack Callison and the team at Sunrise have just been performing really well, and we are just – couldn’t be happier about having a partnership with them. And what we like about this new arrangement is it’s pretty simple. If they deliver higher NOI to us, then they will get a higher management fee. If it’s lower, it’s lower. So, we love the alignment. They are fired up about creating value over time, and we will both benefit from this. And we definitely anticipate more of our portfolio to have this type of contract. We have several already, but we will continue to put this type of arrangement in place.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Steven Valiquette: Hi. Good morning. You guys touched on the – obviously, the pricing RevPOR environment. There is a bit of a growing vibe among some investors and conjecture from a few other senior housing companies about the potential for a multiyear cycle of annual resident rate increases trending well above historical averages in the current inflationary environment. I know it’s hard to predict any sort of multiyear trend. But I am wondering, at least for 2023, do you have any preliminary view on whether your rate growth in ‘23 can mimic your 8% average trend in ‘22, or is there already a bias that maybe ‘22 is a unique year and ‘23 increases go back to historical averages?
Debra Cafaro: We have taken a view generally that there is – this is really sustainable demand. And again, the fundamental backdrop in our markets is favorable because of the incredible drop in starts, so supply is low and it’s going to stay low. We have this window of opportunity, where the senior population is starting to grow. And then we have an attractive kind of compelling portfolio. And so that is a backdrop, Justin always says that the table is set. That certainly is a good backdrop for a window of opportunity over time. And our view is, and I think Justin mentioned it, too, is if you can drive rate, in-place rate in the U.S. went up 8% in January at this low occupancy level in the low-80s, as those occupancies increase and these demographic supply-demand fundamentals improve, that should further support those – that kind of pricing power. So, a lot has to go right. There is a lot of uncertainty. It may not be a straight line. I need to caution all those things, but certainly, there is a case to be made.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I want to come back to maybe some comments in the prepared remarks. And I think specifically, you said, first quarter 2022 capital allocation priorities continue to be acquisition and development of senior housing, life sciences and select medical office buildings. And at the risk of reading into it too much, including it the select, does that mean you are maybe de-prioritizing mobs a little bit more in favor of senior housing and life sciences, or have I read into that too much?
Debra Cafaro: Well, when we look at 2021, the $3.7 billion that we had, it was really I think 70% senior housing, 20% life science and 10% MOBs. I mean we have been fortunate to have had an early thesis on MOBs and grown that business, and Pete’s done a great job running it. And we have done these bolt-on type of acquisitions, like the one we did this quarter with our hospital partner Ardent, which was a relationship-driven opportunity. So, that’s what I would say about our capital allocation priorities, and we have been very consistent in that regard.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Omotayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning everyone. Debbie, congrats on the order of merit in Illinois and also BJ, welcome aboard. Question is on senior housing. On the triple-net portfolio, in particular, again, realizing you guys had made a bunch of adjustments already to some of the struggling tenants. But you still have kind of a rent coverage that’s still probably somewhat weak relative to historical levels. About 10% of your NOI is still tied to triple-net senior housing tenants, where rent coverage is below one. How comfortable do you kind of feel like you have made all the adjustments restructurings you need to do for those tenants, or is there kind of a risk that you may have to expand that scope going forward?
Debra Cafaro: I think at this point, Tayo, because of the pandemic, we have probably touched on the vast majority of these triple-net tenants. And that’s a lot of what we were doing during the pandemic and working with them. And as Bob said, what we have tried to do is really get to a sustainable rent level and then participate in the upside as the industry recovers. And that’s what we have done generally. So, Justin, do you want to…?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would just say that there has been a lot of action taken. And we certainly believe that the vast majority of that’s way behind us. So, we will look to see the operations improve as the rest of the sector recovers.
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Pawlowski with Green Street. Your line is open.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. Justin, could you spend a minute just talking about specifically in Canada, what’s really holding back that market from a SHOP fundamental perspective, occupancy remains high, but NOI, cash NOI down 2% year-over-year. Feels like Canada has been lagging for a while. So, just a bit more specifics of what’s happening on the ground there?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. So, the main thing that really happened was the Omicron variant. And in Canada, our communities had restrictions. They have always been much quicker to kind of shutdown when there is a little bit of an outbreak or a threat of an outbreak. And so that slowed the move-ins down. Canada is 93% occupied, it’s going to have kind of structurally higher move-outs because it doesn’t have the benefit of this U.S. portfolio that drops so much, because it’s just been such a strong stable performer. So, January and February had soft move-ins, March and April, off to a good start. So, we do think there is potential to recover. We are looking forward to Canada getting back on track. But I would just really point to COVID, really to the driving part.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And some of those restrictions really are continuing. They have been, from a healthcare standpoint, a much more rigorous kind of government controls on activities. And so it will take a little while for this to kind of run off, but it is a great portfolio and a really high performer, and we are very confident in the future performance.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. Curious, what are your in-place escalators today for the MOB and life science portfolio? And as you are looking at signing new leases today, are the new escalators something considerably higher?
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. Thanks Mike. This is Pete. Thanks for the question. Yes, our escalators are about 2.5% right now, in-place escalators for MOB and they are about the same for R&I. And we are certainly pushing limits on that. We are starting pushing to 3% and in some cases, higher. And another related comment would be we are trying to push more CPI-related escalators as we deal with this inflationary environment. And we are – in some places, we are finding success and others, we are just – we are settling for higher escalators in the 3%, 3%-plus ranges.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So, I know you haven’t given third quarter guidance, but just trying to put together various numbers here to try and think about what the third quarter sequential occupancy growth could look like for the SHOP portfolio. I mean last year, third quarter grew sequentially 230 basis points. I think you said, Bob, in the guidance for the second quarter that May and June, we are assuming about 50 a month. So, should we use that 50 a month kind of assume that pace could continue in the third quarter, so you get to around 150 basis points for the quarter, you are close to 200 if you look at the numbers from last year? Just trying to kind of frame out a possible occupancy growth scenario for the third quarter. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Great try. Let’s focus on – we are very focused on executing and delivering in the second. And you are right about the expectations for the second. And we have said we expect sustained NOI improvement through the year.
Robert Probst: I would just add, sequentially, which, to your point, three versus two, this key selling season in occupancy manifests itself.
Debra Cafaro: And will be crucial to determining the answer to your question.
Robert Probst: So fundamental, but seasonal patterns would suggest Q3 occ is sequentially favorable.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks so much for taking the follow-up. Just sort of in this market, with all the volatility, I am just wondering your views on two things. One, just using the fund more actively that you have created? And two, maybe given the medical office environment, using that as a source of capital for other growth, just all tying that all into the balance sheet and where you see leverage or how you see leverage trending over the next 12 months?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thanks. Yes, the fund is a great competitive advantage that we have. We started in March of 2020, and our overall third-party investment management business is up to about $5 billion of assets under management. It generally is focused on kind of lower cap rate core type assets. And so to the extent there was an opportunity there that made sense, that is an attractive asset that we have. Bob, do you want to talk about the balance sheet?
Robert Probst: Sure. In terms of leverage, it’s a little bit of a broken record, but the recovery of the $300 million of NOI we lost in SHOP in the pandemic is really the key to unlock the leverage ratio back into 5x to 6x. We are trending in that direction, which is encouraging. In the meantime, we have been doing other things such as upgrading the portfolio through asset sales, for example, last year, reducing near-term debt, extending duration, things like that, to make sure that we are in a good spot, which we are.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. Hey guys. I wanted to ask about the $0.01 drag from the life science redevelopment. It seems like two tenants moved out. Did you disclose who those tenants were?
Robert Probst: No, but we disclosed the locations, which maybe, Pete, you can give a little color.
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure. Yes. This is Pete. So yes, we – with – just as a reminder, life sciences is one of our high capital priorities over the last couple of years, the research innovation portfolio has performed very well. And what we found consistently is when we have ready lab space, that the space lease is up very quickly and at very good rates. It’s a unique space in the marketplace. And there is a shortage of it across the country. So, one of our vacant – upcoming vacancy is in Raleigh, very near Research Triangle Park. And as a straight office tenant that is departing. And it’s – this building is within – is associated with Wake Forest University, is in the innovation center, is adjacent to the medical school that they have. And so we think that there is a good probability that we would redevelop that space into lab space and be very successful in re-leasing it. The other is in – is associated with our Keystone properties and – sorry, I missed two of them up, I’m sorry. There is one in Raleigh…
Debra Cafaro: There is two, one is in RTP and one in the Wake Innovation Center, and they both could be very in demand for kind of lab space. So, that’s what we are undertaking.
Peter Bulgarelli: That’s right.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Ms. Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Okay. Well, thank you, Abby, and thank you to everyone who joined us today. We really appreciate your support and participation and are excited about the quarter, excited about the senior housing recovery that’s underway and look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is David, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to Ventas Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Sarah Whitford, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sarah Whitford: Thank you, David. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas fourth quarter financial results conference call. Earlier this morning, we issued our fourth quarter earnings release supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. . Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Deborah Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Sarah, and I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas fourth quarter and year-end 2021 earnings call. 2021 was a year that was bracketed by two very positive developments. At the beginning of the year, we rolled out life-saving vaccines in our senior housing communities, to keep residents and caregivers safe from COVID-19. And as we close out 2021 and begin a new year, we look forward to posting growth in the first quarter and sustained improvement in our senior housing business through 2022. In between those book ends, our Ventas team found a way to drive our business forward in a highly dynamic environment. While prioritizing health and safety, we took proactive steps to capture upside in the senior housing recovery, delivered strong organic growth in our office and triple-net healthcare businesses and stayed financially strong. We also extended our long track record of value-creating external growth with $3.7 billion in new investments focused on our strategic priorities of senior housing and life science. As we enter 2022, we are reporting a fourth quarter that exceeded our expectations on the strength of senior housing and office performance. Carrying that momentum forward, we expect total portfolio NOI growth, once again led by our senior housing and office businesses, with additional contributions from investment activity and deeply appreciated grants from HHS for our assisted living communities in the first quarter. We're pleased that we can benefit from both organic and external growth in the first quarter, consistent with our long-standing value proposition for shareholders. Let me put our investment activity in a broader context and discuss some of the highlights. Since 2010, we've averaged over $3 billion per year in average investment activity across asset classes, executed in a variety of transaction types, large and small. 2021 provided excellent examples of our approach and execution. Consistent with our current capital allocation priorities at this point in the cycle, our 2021 investment activity was allocated 70% to senior housing in attractive markets with significant growth potential, 20% to our high-value life sciences business, including the ground-up development of a new research facility anchored by University of California, Davis and 10% to expanding our successful medical office building franchise. Within the senior housing capital allocation sleeve, we completed both the new senior investment, acquiring over 100 independent living communities in advantaged submarkets at attractive pricing below replacement costs. And we also closed a Canadian senior living deal with a handful of well-performing assets with additional lease-up upside. The Ventas investment team is using its decades of industry experience strong and varied relationships and deal structuring ability to address an extremely robust pipeline as we enter 2022. We continue to identify areas of competitive advantage and pick our spots consistent with our strategic priorities and our analytic assessment of risk reward. We started the year off well, closing over $300 million of investments in the medical office and senior housing areas both with good in-place returns and both generated by ongoing relationships. With significant opportunities in our sites, we are also confident in the array of funding sources available to us as we demonstrated by recycling over $1 billion of capital in 2021, split between $850 million of divestitures of noncore senior housing and MOB assets at attractive valuations and over $350 million of full repayment of well-structured loans that yielded unlevered IRRs exceeding 11%. In addition to capital recycling, these transactions improve the quality of our portfolio and the sustainability of our go-forward cash flows, which also supports our well-covered dividend. We also grew our Ventas Investment Management business during the year and successfully accessed multiple capital markets opportunistically. ZIm is a huge success story and now has over $4.5 billion in assets under management with leading global institutional investors. Our perpetual fund alone raised nearly $0.75 billion in untapped commitments this year. These embedded capital relationships provide another powerful tool to fund growth and build a valuable business at the same time. Turning to our values that dovetail with shareholder priorities. I'd like to highlight our enduring commitment achievement and recognition in the area of environmental, social and governance, or ESG. Our ESG leadership continued during 2021 as we substantially elevated our ESG profile. Among other things, Ventas made meaningful investments in energy-saving technologies at our properties. We were named to CDP's A List, the top 2% of global companies for tackling climate change and also named NAREIT Healthcare's Leader in the Light for the fifth consecutive year. We have also ramped up our actions to improve diversity, equity and inclusion in our company, our industry and our country. We've taken definitive steps in recruiting, investment and community engagement and adopt the goals to drive ourselves even harder in the coming years. Finally, our commitment to outstanding governance continues with rigorous and regular board refreshment, adding directors who are independent and diverse and who bring a record of accomplishment and subject matter expertise to our company, such as recently added directors, Maurie Smith and Margerie Nader. In closing, I'd like to give a huge shout out to my Ventas colleagues whose talent, resilience, agility and commitment to doing their best over these past two years has been inspiring and to our operating partners who have navigated the pandemic on the front lines with courage, caring and commitment. We also deeply value and appreciate our lenders and equity investors who support and encourage us. We are committed to using all the tools at our disposal, including our high-quality, diverse portfolio, experienced team and platform to excel for their benefit. Justin?
J. Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. The senior housing outlook remains bright. Today, I will speak to the favorable trends informing our outlook for growth in the first quarter, provide an update on key portfolio strategy and actions and recap our strong fourth quarter results. I'm happy to report that we expect occupancy revenue and NOI to grow in the first quarter. Demand remains robust with January lead volumes at all-time highs since the onset of the pandemic and clinical conditions are dramatically improving. Core operational performance continues to deliver strong results as operators weather cost challenges, and the macro supply demand backdrop should continue to power underlying growth. I'm proud of the team and operator base we've assembled as we've accomplished a lot over the last 2 years. Our senior housing business is competitively positioned to capture the benefits of the ongoing sector recovery and I could not be more excited for the path ahead. During recent community visits, my team and I witnessed firsthand the strength of the top of the sales funnel, as tours were abundant. As COVID cases have declined and tours have picked up, the energy at our communities has been evident. We are expecting significant revenue growth of 10% in the first quarter supported by pricing power and robust underlying demand. We executed our pricing strategy to drive outsized rent increases led by Atria and Sunrise. Leads in our year-over-year same-store pool of 321 assets exceeded 16,400 in January, the highest volume achieved since before the pandemic. We expect a strong supply-demand backdrop to further support lead and occupancy growth. Supply levels are expected to trend favorably as construction starts and deliveries have improved significantly versus pre-COVID levels. Additionally, our footprint is well positioned as we witnessed new starts in just three of our top 20 markets. Needless to say, I am very encouraged by the fundamentals supporting our business and the opportunity for growth moving forward. Bob will cover our first quarter guidance shortly. But for SHOP, it includes 10% revenue growth at the midpoint and 6% to 15% NOI growth at the lower and upper ends, respectively. The main variable affecting the NOI range will be operating costs. In January, the surge in COVID cases among employees pressured the availability of caregivers in what was already a challenging labor market. Our communities have continued to make progress implementing workforce management and efficiency initiatives. Net hiring trends are showing early signs of improvement as recruiting resources have been bolstered, labor monitoring capabilities have been enhanced and targeted competitive wage increases have been executed. We are hopeful the improving clinical backdrop and the operating initiatives will take hold and support the high end of our guidance range, but the midpoint assumes the costs remain elevated. Moving on to portfolio actions. Having been here for two years now, I couldn't be happier with the ability of Ventas to execute on key priorities related to senior housing. We have been extremely action-oriented, executing on acquisitions, dispositions, transitions, resolutions and targeted capital investments and strengthening our strategic approach to managing the senior housing platform. The Ventas advantage is that we have very deep operational experience in the senior housing sector. We've married this operational expertise with our sophisticated analytical capabilities to execute strategic portfolio actions, enhanced performance management and drive targeted capital investment. Building on the strength of our experienced best-in-class operating partners, we are fully engaged in our aligned interest to create value in our senior housing business. Our latest initiative involves the deployment of our Ventas OI in close partnership with our operators. Ventas brings to the table an emphasis on operational insights, geospatial analytics and capital allocation priorities. I couldn't be more pleased with the excitement amongst the operators and my team as they've engaged in this together. Some examples of outputs include in-depth pricing strategies, workforce recruitment and retention management, targeted value-creating CapEx and formulation of best practices. This approach takes the best of what Ventas has to offer in a collaborative effort with our operators to drive business results. We've taken several decisive actions as we continue executing on our strategy of the right asset in the right market with the right operator. Since the start of 2021 Ventas has added 6 new senior housing operating partners, bringing our portfolio to a total of 37 relationships. This portfolio balance, along with the deep industry experience of our operators in their respective markets positions us to grow our relationships and strengthen our senior housing platform over time. Recent portfolio actions include: The sales of 29 noncore senior housing properties in 2021, resulting in approximately $400 million of gross proceeds. These communities represented orphan assets in markets with elevated competition and in need of significant capital investment. More recently, we completed the acquisition of Mangrove Bay and are thrilled to add this premium, 160-unit senior housing campus through our growing portfolio. What a great opportunity to recycle capital out of noncore assets at a 2.5% yield and into a Class A asset at 5.5% in an attractive market. Turning to fourth quarter performance. Total SHOP NOI achieved the high end of our expectations in the fourth quarter of '21 and same-store average occupancy -- in the fourth quarter of '21 versus the fourth quarter of '20 grew by 200 basis points to 83.4%. Rate and revenue grew for the first time since the start of the pandemic as same-store revenue increased 3.3% year-over-year. As we anticipated, operating expenses, excluding HHS grants increased sequentially by $8.7 million or 2.6%, the majority of which was driven by incremental labor expenses. SHOP NOI, excluding HHS grants for the sequential same-store pool declined modestly by just $1 million or 90 basis points and NOI for the year-over-year same-store pool declined $3.8 million or 3.6%. Both are leading results among peers. For the non-same-store pool, underlying performance was stable. In closing, my enthusiasm for the outlook in our senior housing business remains high as we are well positioned to succeed in what we expect to be a favorable macro backdrop. With that, I'll hand the call over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'm going to jump straight to our first quarter outlook and finish up with a few summary thoughts on our balance sheet before turning the call to Q&A. Our Q1 guidance is for net income to range from $0.07 to $0.11 per fully diluted share. Q1 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.76 to $0.80 or $0.78 at the midpoint. . Incorporated in our guidance is $0.08 of HHS grants received in Q1 '22. When excluding HHS grants in both periods and adjusting our Q4 for the onetime $0.03 Kindred M&A fee received in the quarter, we are describing a Q4 of $0.68 to a Q1 of $0.70. That growth can be simply described by $0.02 sequential growth from our senior housing portfolio. In terms of Q1 '22 property expectations, net of HHS grants, we expect Q1 year-over-year same-store cash NOI for the total same-store portfolio to grow in the range of 2.5% to 5.5%. At a segment level, our SHOP guidance is to increase occupancy, 410 basis points year-over-year to grow revenue by 10% led by occupancy gains and strong in-place rate increases and to grow NOI in the range of 6% to 15% ex HHS grants. At the guidance midpoint, Ventas expects operating costs to remain elevated through the first quarter even as COVID-19 clinical conditions moderate. We expect our triple-net portfolio to be down 1.5% to flat in the first quarter, with escalator led growth, offset by modest rent reductions in the triple-net senior housing portfolio from the impact of the pandemic on some of our smaller tenants. Over time, we anticipate the benefits of the senior housing recovery will accrue to these operators as well as to Ventas. We expect one-third of our portfolio that is the office business to grow Q1 same-store NOI by an attractive 4% to 5%. Pete Bulgarelli has led a series of differentiated operational initiatives in MOBs in the last few years which are really bearing fruit. The results of these efforts were evident in the excellent fourth quarter performance for the MOB portfolio, which grew same-store fourth quarter NOI by 3.4%. The second quarter in a row where same-store growth exceeded 3%. Meanwhile, MOB new leasing was up approximately 55% and customer retention was 92% for the quarter. That strength is expected to carry into the first quarter. Final Q1 guidance assumptions of note include no new HHS grants beyond the $33 million already received, no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 403 million fully diluted shares. We have provided additional insights and disclosure in our business update deck and our supplemental including our Q1 versus Q4 sequential shop assumptions as well as a reported segment NOI to FFO trending schedule to allow for easier insight into unique items in our results. Some final comments on balance sheet leverage and liquidity. In 2021, the company enhanced its portfolio and strengthened its balance sheet through $1.2 billion in asset dispositions and loan repayments used to reduce near-term debt. Meanwhile, we extended duration and increased our fixed rate debt to 91% by tapping into the bond markets in the U.S. and Canada, including a 10-year U.S. unsecured offering at 2.5%, the best 10-year health care REIT rate in 2021. Net debt to EBITDA was stable at 7.2 times in the fourth quarter, with the senior housing recovery now underway, expected to improve that ratio over time. And that's a good segue to close with our enthusiasm as we look into 2022 based on the strong senior housing recovery that is now underway and the confidence that we have the portfolio, partners and team to create value for all our stakeholders. And that concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Nick Joseph with Citi. The line is open.
Nick Joseph: And first of all, thank you for the increased disclosure. It is very helpful. But I guess my question will be on senior housing. So clinical trends continue to trend favorably and assuming there's no disruption from another variant or anything, how do you think about the ability to decrease the use of agency labor going forward?
J. Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So if we step back and you look at the kind of macro backdrop that was causing labor shortages, this was happening in the third quarter. We anticipated that, that would continue into the fourth quarter. What happened -- during that period is we had net hiring in our portfolio so that we are encouraged about the hiring trends. And then Omicron happens, and that really had a big impact in the first part of the first quarter. You can see some trends in our business update, where we show the clinical cases among our employees. . And what's encouraging is you can see that those cases are coming down. But we're not all the way out of the woods yet. So the first thing we're going to look for is to have a healthy workforce, the second thing is to continue those net hiring trends. And then as that continues, then we would expect the agency cost to be able to come down.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I just wanted to stay on senior housing. Justin, the leads and they're certainly positive here. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about the -- maybe the sales cycle. And I realize you're forecasting for a modest decline in occupancy but I'm just wondering, given the pent-up demand that seems to be there and the fact that cases are coming down so quickly, what's the chance that you could actually move folks in maybe later this month and into March and exceed kind of the minus 20 basis points on the occupancy side?
J. Justin Hutchens: Sure. So you've probably noted that leads are really high. In fact, I mentioned that they're the highest event since the onsite of the pandemic. Leads are going to be critical to supporting this -- the senior housing recovery that's underway. Getting to the kind of your question, it certainly seems possible that the move-ins that didn't move in late January, could flow over into February, and we would definitely qualify that as pent-up demand. As you know, a lot of the move-in activity happens towards the end of the month. So we're looking forward to see how that plays out.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Rich Anderson with SMBC. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: So Well tower had their call this week and I suggested that there would never be an elephant hunting type of company in terms of external growth. I'm curious if you have a red line through that mentality as well. And specifically, I'm thinking about how you identified senior housing and life sciences, your strategic priorities. Could a scenario unfold where MOBs become -- given the pricing that's being attributed to that sector, be a significant source of funds to be redeployed into in some significant way that would qualify as elephant hunting.
Debra Cafaro: Rich, good to hear your voice. Look, I think our competitive advantage has really always been our ability to do all different types of deals across our asset classes and to do so in a way that's created value and that includes sort of getting into MOBs early and building a great business. It includes, of course, allocating capital to senior housing and most recently, our significant investment in value-added life sciences. I mean, that has just been really really incredibly positive for our shareholders. So we have sold MOBs as we talked about this quarter, I think recycling that capital has enabled us to upgrade our portfolio in a very positive way. And we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that while at the same time, our investment activities will continue our long pattern of really picking our spots where we have a competitive advantage and think we're going to add value from good risk-adjusted return.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: In terms of just going back to the agency labor costs, I wanted to see if you guys had the number for the whole portfolio or at least, I know you break it out for the same store in the presentation, which is very helpful. It's 7.7% of labor, but you have the bigger portfolio now with new senior and others. So I'm just trying to understand like a full agency labor number that was in for the fourth quarter and when you're saying for the first quarter that it's going to be elevated? Or is it just literally like the same amount of agency labor in the first quarter?
Bob Probst: Hey, Nick, it's Bob. I direct you to Page 16 of our investor deck. I think there's a nice description of the pie chart of of revenue and its decomposition. And you can see within that in-house labor is 42%, contract labor is 4%. You can apply that to the entire portfolio or subsets of the portfolio. It will give you the same relative composition and you'll see the picture down below of what that means for the year-over-year pool. Though contract labor is important, and it has accelerated and indeed in January, accelerate even further, the underlying costs really are driven by the in-house labor. And that is really the key. And hence, that's why we're so focused on bringing that in-house. Should we do that successfully, that's clearly upside given the cost per hour. But ultimately, it's a much smaller piece of the overall cost than in-house labor, but clearly an opportunity there. And you can apply that percentage to wherever you like to get to the answer.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: Can you guys discuss -- Justin, you touched on the non-same-store portfolio in the quarter I think the comment I heard was that performance was stable. I'm curious if you could kind of flesh that out for us a little bit, specifically as it relates to the NAND transition properties that took place? What's going on with those? And then what's embedded in your guidance for 1Q sequentially for the transition portfolio?
Bob Probst: Let me take the numbers first, then I'll let Justin give some of the color. So the outperformance at the high end of our range that we delivered in the fourth was led by senior housing within led by the non-same-store portfolio. There are two pieces of that in the fourth. There's new senior in the transition 90 assets. Both those pools performed well at the higher end of our expectations. which we're really pleased with. The assumption carrying that then into the first is continued stability, notably within the transition. The new senior assets I'd highlight are in the sequential pool in the first. And so as you look at the guidance for the sequential pool, you'll see the impact of new senior, which is growing nicely. And that's the outlook. So Justin, any commentary on the 90 and how it's going?
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. The only thing I'd add is that we -- as planned, we successfully transitioned all of those communities by the first of the year to different operators and everything is going relatively smooth.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: So just a question or two here on the triple-net portfolio. So Ventas during the corner with a so positive SS NOI in the fourth quarter in triple net. And with the guide for that to be down 1.5% to flat in the first quarter with senior housing and the road to recovery overall, can we assume that the rent resets are hopefully behind us now within the triple net portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks for your question. I think we have a page on this also in the business update. We have really been action-oriented, as Justin talked about and have addressed the lion's share of our senior housing portfolio, which is really 50% Brookdale, and you've seen the EBITDA guide they have there. . Because of the length of the pandemic, there are a couple of small operators that are still challenged by the length of the pandemic. And really, the outcome there is pretty dependent upon HHS support, but more importantly, the recovery in the senior housing business, which we expect to be robust, and we expect to get the benefit of that over time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Juan Sanabria with BMO. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping to follow up on Stephen's question. The triple net portfolio, what percentage is paying kind of cash 1 times EBITDAR? Can you quantify the potential upside as those leases revert to market to the contract rents?
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So there's -- as Debbie said, that operators that have had elongated challenges. there's just a few and they each represent less than 1% of our overall portfolio. Those those operators will benefit from HHS funds, they'll benefit from operational improvements and the recovery of senior housing just as our SHOP portfolio does as well. So we're anticipating that the triple net would behave similarly through our shop portfolio. We do have some cash flow paying tenants, and that's in a range of around 15% to 20%.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: So maybe just stepping back, Debbie and Justin, just thinking about sort of the external growth piece of it, as you outlined the track record and what you've done in 2021. As we look to '22 and '23, can you talk about just how you think about growing in senior housing, in particular, with what you're seeing fundamentally the longer-term growth opportunities and maybe especially talk about on balance sheet versus maybe using more of a JV structure.
Debra Cafaro: Good. I'm going to ask John Cobb to address the senior housing question, and I would expect most of our senior housing to be on balance sheet. .
John Cobb: Yes, this is John Cobb. Yes, I mean, I think most of our pipeline, which is fairly robust today really kind of mirrors what we talked about in 2021. We're seeing a lot of senior housing. We're seeing some select life science development opportunities with our partners, Wexford. And we're seeing a few medical office buildings, mainly with our existing partners that we have in our portfolio. But by and large, it's senior housing, we're seeing some really good high-quality portfolios out there that are -- we expect to transact in 2022. So we're very excited and looking looking at these transactions and hopefully, acquiring them.
Operator: Next, we'll go to to Otayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Yoiur line is open.
Debra Cafaro: Otayo?
Omotayo Okusanya: You hear me?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can.
Omotayo Okusanya: Good quarter, great to see things heading in the right direction. I wanted to move off senior housing, talk a little bit about the office portfolio. And then in 4Q, really strong same-store NOI growth yet again from the MOB, somewhat weaker on the Life Sciences side. I wondered if you could talk a little bit about what happened with both areas to kind of perform the strong performance at somewhat underperformance? And then how do we think about that going forward in 2022?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you made Pete Bulgarelli here. So Pete, can you address the force in the first? .
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, to figure out how to turn on my mic. It's just so rare [Indiscernible] Yes. So let's first talk about MOBs. We had a terrific really second half in 2021. As Bob had already mentioned, we did a significant amount of new leasing. Really, for all of office, we did 3.7 million square feet of total leasing. The new leasing was substantially higher than 2020 and for MOBs and even higher than 2019. Our retention, as Bob mentioned, was 86% for the full year. For the quarter, it was 92% and most exciting for December was 95%. What I would say is that it just wasn't a lot of leasing in MOBs. It was really high-quality leasing. Just to give you an example or 2, our weighted average lease term for new leases were 9 years. And what that did in the -- that's for the quarter, and what that did is extended the whole portfolio's Walt from 4.8 years to 5 years. Same thing on escalators. Our escalators for new leasing were 2.9% for the quarter. And that increased the whole portfolios escalators by 30 basis points. So very substantial. And what that allowed us to do is to grow for the first time in a long time, 2 quarters in a row at per quarter. So if you project forward on MOBs in the first quarter of '22, we'd expect that trend to continue, really on the basis of having higher occupancy late in the year and that carrying over. And I can tell you, in January, we're on track in MOBs to achieve what we said we're going to do. So moving to R&I, and I'll go back to the fourth quarter I think you need a little context. In R&I, we had a very good year. We grew by 13.9% for the full year. And without the termination fee, we still grew by almost 4%. And if you look at the supplemental, revenue was fine. We had good revenue for R&I in the fourth quarter. but we had some higher expenses than normal in the fourth quarter, mainly around as buildings start up, you go from rogue dirt to a building to an occupied building Real estate taxes take a while to kind of catch up. And that's one of the factors in the fourth quarter. We had a very large tax payment in the fourth quarter. Secondarily, many of the buildings kind of came back to life became occupied again in the fourth quarter. As a result, utilities went up significantly in addition to in Baltimore and in Philadelphia, 2 of our larger locations, there were large utility rate increases. So now -- so we're very happy with the R&I performance in '21. So if you project forward to '22, they will cover the balance of what I already described for MOBs, it will be largely on rate -- sorry, on occupancy growth carrying into the first quarter and strong expense control. So I'm very bullish about the office business really in 2022. Sorry for the long answer, I got carried away.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: I just wanted to ask about maybe the residential -- or the resident renewals going out now? I know for the January 1, I think it was 8%. Just curious how they trended for the people rolling later -- And then maybe just an update on the re-leasing spreads and how we should think about them going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm glad you raised that because obviously, as we talk about revenue growth and the in-place January 1 rate increases are extremely important I think it's important to note that, that applies to a part of our portfolio, and we'll continue to have pricing opportunities as we deal with the anniversary renewals and rate increases as we deal with new residents coming into the portfolio as occupancy is increasing and also the care component, which can increase throughout the year. So those are all opportunities that we have in front of us. And obviously, it was a good start with the 8% increase in January.
J. Justin Hutchens: And then I would just add that as we're working to identify what the appropriate pricing is moving forward. As I mentioned, Ventas OI, which really stands for operational insights, and really taking the best of our data analytics, combining it with our operating experience and the experience and expertise of our operating partners. We collect vast amounts of geospatial data and demographics wealth penetration rates, new construction to train our demand and supply forecasting models, which have been remarkably accurate as it pertains to decision-making on pricing, acquisitions, dispositions. So we have that approach our disposal and the levers that Debbie mentioned around care, street rates and the anniversary rent increases that will happen throughout the rest of the year.
Debra Cafaro: And the demand that we're seeing from the leads obviously demonstrates the value proposition and the strong consumer demand for these services. And so that is tailwind as well that should support these efforts.
Bob Probst: I'll add. I don't know if you mentioned this, the re-leasing spreads have been improving. Market price is firming. It's obviously fundamental Yes. So the combination of the in-place increases and improving re-leasing spread, the care component, which can be priced throughout the year and the anniversary pricing. In a dynamic inflationary environment, there's a number of different levers at our disposal.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Feinstein: You have Adam on for Rich. I hope you guys are all well. I just wanted to kind of ask about the kind of the expense control and the agency labor. I recognize that the kind of the pressures there. kind of wanted to see if you could maybe kind of quantify the kind of December versus January versus February to date impacts. How have trends gone the agency labor usage increased over these 3 months, decrease kind of if you could just kind of quantify the sequential move that I think would be kind of helpful to think about how kind of the quarter is playing out and what kind of the outlook would be for the next couple of quarters?
Bob Probst: Sure. Again, I'll direct you to Page 16 of the business deck. I think it's nice to be able to see how labor breaks down. And for this pool, there's $16 million of contract labor in the fourth quarter. I'll call it, just $5 million-ish on a run rate basis. We saw that accelerate to call it $6 million in December and into January. And that's what we've effectively carried forward in our assumptions. Each pool is different, but that kind of gives you a flavor of it. Clearly, if the clinical situation improves, the staffing continues to get traction, that would be an opportunity. But that's how we dimensional that cost.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: You guys did a good job detailing your recent capital recycling transactions. I guess where does Ventas stand in that overall process? Mean how much of the current portfolio specifically in the seniors housing kind of falls in that noncore bucket that the company would likely to eventually sell out of?
J. Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. I'm happy to report, as I mentioning all the actions we've taken that -- the heavy lifting is really behind us. There'll always be some noncore assets that we're looking to sell or transition or invest in or do something to create value, but it will be a small number moving forward.
Operator: Okay. Next, we'll go to Mike Mueller with JP Morgan.
Mike Mueller: For the $205 million of 4Q shop labor, where do you think that number goes to you're fully staffed at market prices but without the heavy contract labor component?
Bob Probst: The real question I think that you have to answer for that is what's happening to the $189 million of in-house labor. Again, I think the focus is very much and rightly so been on contract labor, but the key in terms of total cost is in-house labor. And that gets to the macro question of where the labor market and therefore, inflation go, which I'm not going to pretend I know the answer to. I think the economists will tell you many of them that, that will -- that macro situation will improve in the back half. We subscribe to that, but very tough to call. And so we're not going to make a long-term focus.
Debra Cafaro: And in the near term, we're projecting essentially a run rate in the quarter. .
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Pawlowski with Green Street.
Jordan Sadler: Justin, a quick question for you, and apologies if you've chatted about this in recent quarters, but I am hoping you can help quantify the operating upside of recent initiatives you rolled out and you are currently rolling out new to the company? So just trying to understand how much higher the earnings and the NOI power of the SHOP portfolio will be under your purview versus the betas bold?
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. Well, so the -- there's been a lot of actions over the last couple of years. Certainly, some priorities were accelerated based on the fact that we were going through the pandemic. And the goal of all of the actions, whether we're acquiring or disposing or making a decision to invest CapEx, transitioning assets under new management is to create value and create just a greater opportunity to drive NOI over time. So I think really, time is going to tell. We're off to a good start. We're pleased with that we set expectations in the fourth quarter, and we're able to meet those expectations, and we are excited about the growth in the first quarter off to a good start.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Daniel Bernstein with Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bernstein: Nobody get excited. I'm going to ask an MOB question. I just -- go ahead. Not just you guys, but your peers have I've also spoken in the last several quarters about better re-leasing spreads, better annual rent bumps and MOBs. And so given the inflationary environment, kind of what -- how do you think the rent bumps can improve going forward? I mean can we push north of 3% on rent bumps? Can we see higher re-leasing spreads and kind of what's the willingness of tenants and MOBs to accept that in the past, that hasn't been the case. But recently, it seems like it has been.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one thing that's really important to remember in the MOB business is that the assets are priced and have a low cap rate because of the reliability of the cash flows, as we've seen over the past two years, the benefit of that and the reliable growth. They also have higher margin, a much lower labor component. And so you have to look at both sides of the equation, I think, when you're thinking about the risk/reward of an asset class. And so Pete can answer, we ask him every 15 minutes if they can get higher escalators. And so we'll let him answer that.
Peter Bulgarelli: Daniel, I think it's a great question. This is Pete. And given that our portfolio is largely on-campus, there aren't a lot of options just sitting there waiting to compete with you. Usually, it requires new construction to compete. And certainly, with inflation and the environment we have today, the cost of building a new MOB and the required leasing rates have gone up. And so our leasing team are is all -- it's very location in city-specific as far as what's happening to the demand of medical office space as well as construction costs. But in many cases, we're competing against brand-new medical office buildings, which does give us room to raise our escalators and honestly, our initial rental rates.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And remember, you're pushing through the expense increases to the tenants as well. So you really have to look at the revenue and the expense side to really evaluate the benefits of the MOB.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. We only have a couple of percent of our leases that are gross leases. Rest are some fashion of pass-throughs of expenses. .
Operator: And next, we have a follow-up from Juan Sanabria with BMO.
Juan Sanabria: Just a quick modeling question. For 2020, realizing you're not giving full year guidance for earnings. But just wanted to get a sense of what you guys are expecting from a FAD CapEx and G&A perspective for those 2 line items?
Bob Probst: Sure. So I'll start with G&A. We did give a $37 million number for the first quarter. with stock comp amortization, which is our FFO treatment on that. So $37 million. And if you look at just 2021 G&A Obviously, that was a very good year in terms of year-over-year in cost management. We hope this year, we get back to normal business as usual, to some degree, which will obviously have an impact in terms of just T&E and things like that going up. . But first quarter, very much in line with risk quarter year-over-year, frankly. In terms of FAD CapEx, really, there's things -- a few things I'd highlight. Obviously, with the acquisitions we've done, particularly in new senior in a higher shop portfolio base. There's more FAD CapEx dollars. And secondly, and Justin should touch on this, more opportunities for us, I think, to really focus using our OI as now branded to identify opportunities to invest in the portfolio. And so we'll see some acceleration there.
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. And I'd just say consistent with some of my other comments, the goal is to create value. CapEx is a tool at disposal and with the use of our analytics and operational expertise and combined with the operating partners, local market experience, we can make smart choices and anticipate returns on that investment.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Jordan. We have a follow-up from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: A quick one here for you, Justin, and then a follow-up to Bob. Just Justin, shape of the recovery this year, just mathematically, I'm curious if you've taken a look at the portfolio uplift potential throughout the year, I mean, could this year look similar to last year in terms of the occupancy gains, given sort of the strengths and lead you're seeing early on? I know it's very difficult to look out. But I'm kind of saying mathematically, given sort of the -- a bit of an increase in occupancy already. How are you thinking about sort of the potential uplift in occupancy throughout the year in the SHOP portfolio? And then, Bob, just on the asset sales or actually, there's a loan maturing this year, let's say, almost $500 million. I'm just curious about timing or expectations will it be repaid or extended?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'll take the loan. That's a loan that can be extended. And so we -- that's our expectation at the current time. And then in terms of occupancy, I think we're projecting significant year-over-year occupancy in the first quarter, which has been outperforming yet following seasonal patterns. And so that is something to think about when you're looking at the slope for the year.
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up from Omotayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Just 1 for Justin maybe Bob. You did talk about the releasing spreads improving, but still being negative. And I guess the question I have is, with that to being negative, I guess I'm still so what surprised that you can push renewals as high as especially kind of given again, industry-wide occupancy is still kind of well delivered, it was prepandemic. So trying to understand those dynamics of why is it that you don't get that much pushback when there's still a high vacancy industry-wise and market rate just to kind of below where renewal rates are.
Debra Cafaro: That's a great observation. And I think it really does go to a value proposition that being offered by the communities for the theaters and their families that at this level of occupancy, we have been able to successfully drive pricing in the first as of the beginning of the year, and that portends well kind of for the future as occupancy increases. So Justin, do you want to talk about the normal re-leasing spreads and how...
J. Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yes. So the re-leasing spread, Bob mentioned this, that we saw it tighten through the end of '21, even all the way back to pre-pandemic levels, which were like negative mid-single digits. That -- the high-class problem is that we have the large increases that happen in January, and then you start comparing to relatively higher rents. And so technically, the releasing spread widens, but it doesn't mean that your pricing power doesn't continue to improve. And one thing that we do look forward to that this backdrop seems to support is the opportunity given the demand at the doorstep, to eventually get to a place where you have positive re-leasing spreads again, which we've had in other parts -- other -- throughout the sector's history, we've seen that at times. And certainly, there seems to be support moving forward for that to happen again.
Operator: Okay. Next, we'll go to a follow-up for Vikram Mahata with Mizuo.
Vikram Malhotra: Just maybe one broader question as we look into second half '22 and '23. With new senior and just your other acquisitions, you now have more of a tilt towards IL versus AL in the RIDEA pool eventually same-store pool. What does that mean from an expense growth standpoint and then a pricing power standpoint for the second half in '23?
J. Justin Hutchens: Well, certainly, independent living is a high-margin business, has relatively low labor costs compared to assisted living. It it's a little less need driven. So you may not see the occupancy pop, but we expect a higher ceiling in occupancy and independent living over time because there's less fly that faces it. And that's consistent with historical track record of independent living as well. So we look forward to revenue growth in the independent living communities and certainly assisted living is need-driven. It performs well. It seems like no matter what the backdrop is as long as there's a way to pay for the service, which given the housing values and wealth demographics there is. And so we expect that to continue as well. And the opportunity really is to price in labor costs over time. And we're -- as we've said, we're off to a good start given our high in-house brand increases.
Debra Cafaro: One other thing we like about independent living is really -- it meets -- this is -- we're getting to the period now we're over 8% growing over 3%. So we're really hitting kind of that demographic boom. And the independent living tenant customer had a little bit earlier age. So that's another part of the business in addition kind of the lower labor hits that we like. Great. Okay. we have one more question. Okay.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nick Joseph with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Nick. I was wanting to go just in terms of acquisitions in terms of the fund, as your cost of capital has improved, both from a debt and equity perspective, how do you sort of look at that opportunity to buy within the fund relative to on balance sheet? And how are you balancing that as you're looking at the transaction market for opportunities?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you. Yes. So the fund is a great tool. Obviously, our VIM business is going strong, and it gives us a great tool to continue to grow. It was very -- the fund itself was very thoughtfully conceived in order to be a net additive component of our growth strategy so that it really is designed to address -- we're very disciplined about capital cost and capital allocation. And so it's really designed to address many of the opportunities that were really not as attractive to us on balance sheet because of the relationship between our cost of capital and the pricing of that type of assets. A great example is our South San Francisco life science building, our John Hopkins life science building, which were put in the fund with great success. And those are things that we may not have been able to acquire had we been doing it on balance sheet, but now we have 20% interest in it. We have asset management fees. We have ultimately, other types of economic incentives if the performance is good, which it has been. So a very thoughtful kind of defined strategy to use them to grow our business for the benefit both of our public shareholders and the third-party institutional capital. .
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn it back over to Deborah Cafaro, Ventas' Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's been a great call, and I'm very glad to end the year on a very good quarter and look forward to another positive one in the first. I really want to thank everyone for joining our call today. I can't tell you how much we appreciate your ongoing support and interest in the company, and we look forward to seeing you in person soon. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ventas Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Sarah Whitford. Please go ahead.
Sarah Whitford: Thank you, Alisa. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Earlier this morning, we issued our third quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir. ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more a detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter into our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed in this cal. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations Section of our website.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. And welcome to the Ventas Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I'm so happy to be hosting this call in person with my trusted colleagues for the first time since early 2020. Ventas delivered positive results in the third quarter, saw outstanding sequential SHOP average occupancy growth, benefited from its large medical office, life science, and healthcare triple-net businesses, and executed on its investment priorities, delivering $0.73 of normalized FFO per share which is in the upper half of our guidance range. Our same-store shop portfolio increased rate and grew occupancy at record levels in Q3. Despite the high incidence of COVID-19 in the broader environment.  Occupancy in this portfolio has now increased for 8 consecutive months through October. Demonstrating powerful demand, our U.S. same-store shop portfolio has increased occupancy, 750 basis points since mid-March 2021, lifting the entire same-store shop portfolio, nearly 600 basis points during the same period. I'm also encouraged that our year-over-year shop occupancy turned positive for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. So a robust senior housing recovery is well underway. But as we stated, it may not progress in a straight line. Consistent with macro trends and as we anticipated in our last call with you, the pandemic has created a tight labor market, resulting in labor cost pressures that accelerated in September. Looking ahead, we expect to see meaningful revenue increases in the first quarter of 2022 and improving pricing power.  At a macro level, many economists forecast that labor force participation will expand from its current low rate for a variety of reasons. These factors should cause current conditions to ease considerably over time. Even more importantly, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, who has been consistently the most accurate expert throughout the pandemic, stated today that the COVID-19 pandemic is effectively behind us in the U.S. given all the tools we now have to combat it, including Pfizer's new treatment. If Scott continues to be right, it is a momentous day for all of us. We continue to be delighted that 1/3 of our business consists of medical office, outpatient, and life science research and innovation. Our operational initiatives in medical office and aggressive capital deployment in life science are providing reliable growth and value creation for our enterprise and stakeholders. Turning to Capital allocation, we have been highly active with $3.7 billion of investments announced or closed year-to-date.  Our current Capital allocation focus remains Senior Living, selective private medical office building opportunities, and Life Science R&I. Let me highlight a few new investments we've made. We've completed $2.5 billion in independent living investments, including our accretive acquisition of New Senior's, 100-plus independent living communities at an attractive valuation, well below replacement cost. And a 6-community Canadian senior living portfolio with one of the new senior Operators, Hawthorne. In medical office, we've completed or announced $300 million of investments. First, establishing a new relationship with industry leader eating recovery center, we acquired a class A asset under a long-term lease in this rapidly growing sector. Second, by acquiring our partner PMBs interest in the center Ventas, trophy MOB in downtown San Francisco.  We now own a 100% of this asset at a 6% yield. With 92% of the MOB already leased, we intend to capture additional NOI growth and value. Finally, we intend to expand our relationship with Arden Healthcare by acquiring 18 of their 100% leased medical office buildings for $200 million by year-end. On our third capital allocation priority, we are delighted to announce that we have commenced development of a 1 million square foot life science project anchored by Premier Research University, UC Davis, with our exclusive partner, Wexford. Purpose-built for clinical research, this project will be 60% pre -leased to UC Davis, and total project costs are expected to be $0.5 billion. Turning to our robust investment pipeline, our team remains busy evaluating attractive opportunities. In fact, we've now reviewed more deal volume this year than we saw in all of 2019, over $40 billion and we continue to pursue those that meet our multi-factor investment framework.  Capital continues to flow into our sectors as global institutional investors agree with our thesis on the favorable trends benefiting all of our asset classes. These strong capital flows are also supporting our intention to recycle $1 billion of capital this year to enhance both our Balance Sheet and our portfolio. Our diversified business model continues to provide significant benefits. Our early and aggressive investments into medical office and life science are creating significant value. We are also proud to be associated with so many leading care providers, operators, and developers in all our business lines, and to be establishing new platforms for growth, through both our investment and our portfolio actions.  In closing, the U.S. is in the midst of an impressive economic recovery that together with demographic demand for our asset classes gives us confidence and optimism in our future. We believe that the more widespread administration of vaccines and new efficacious treatments for COVID-19 will benefit both the broader economic recovery, and our Company. Our aligned and experienced team continues to be focused on capturing the double upside in Senior Housing from both pandemic recovery and the projected growth in the senior population and also to continuing our long track record of external growth. Justin?
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'll start by saying it is very exciting to see the strong supply demand fundamentals supporting occupancy growth in the Senior Housing sector. We have been busy taking actions through acquisitions, dispositions, and transitions to ensure we are strongly positioned during this period of sector recovery. Our industry-leading operators are successfully driving revenue growth in the early stages of the recovery and taking actions to address elevated labor costs driven by the macro backdrop. Moving onto third quarter performance. In SHOP, leading indicators continue to trend favorably during the quarter as leads and move-ins each surpassed a 100% of 2019 levels, while move-outs remains steady. Strong sales activity has now driven eight consecutive months of occupancy growth inclusive of October. In the third quarter, average occupancy grew by 230 basis points over the second quarter, led by the U.S. with growth of 290 basis points and a 110 basis points in Canada, which is over 93% occupied.  October leading indicators remain solid as leads and move-ins continue to perform above pre -pandemic levels, and move-outs remained relatively stable. Turning to SHOP operating results. Same-store revenue in the third quarter increased sequentially by $13.6 million or 3.1% driven by strong occupancy growth and slight rate growth. Regarding rate growth, our operators have proposed rent increases to the residents of 8% in the U.S. and 4% in Canada, which on a blended basis is approximately 200 basis points higher than the historical levels. We also continued to see improvement in our releasing spreads, which are trending close to pre -pandemic levels. Operating expenses increased sequentially by $16.7 million or 5.4% of which approximately half is due to overtime and agency costs.  Although we largely anticipated the additional labor costs, September spiked and represented approximately half of the sequential agency expense increase. We carried the elevated September costs forward in our Q4 guidance, which Bob will cover shortly. Despite the higher agency and overtime costs, our operators our now witnessing net positive hiring, and are actively addressing labor challenges through a number of initiatives. These include centralized recruitment of line staff, implementation of applicant tracking systems, delivering on the increased demand by employees for flexible schedules, and other workplace improvements to become more competitive. For the sequential same-store pool, SHOP generated a 106.7 million of NOI in the third quarter, which represents a sequential decrease of 3.7 million or 3.4%. Moving on to portfolio actions. Our new senior acquisition closed on September 21st. The portfolio consists of a 103 independent living communities located in attractive markets with favorable demand characteristics. Integration efforts have gone extremely smoothly and we are on track to realize our expected synergies. We are pleased with the performance and operating trends of the portfolio. It's third quarter spot occupancy grew a 110 basis points sequentially. The same-store pool, which excludes the 33 communities that transitioned to new operators this year, grew 180 basis points in the third quarter and then another 10 basis points in October, marking occupancy growth in 6 out of the past 7 months.  We have also recently closed on an acquisition in Canada, which includes 5 independent living and 1assisted living communities. These acquisitions expand our independent living exposure to 59% of NOI on a stabilized basis. We believe the structural benefits of the independent living model present attractive opportunities to further strengthen our Senior Housing NOI margin through less intensive staffing requirements, longer resident length of stays, and accessible price points. All underpinned by exposure to a large and growing middle market. This is in combination with our existing portfolio positions as well to capture demographic demand with the 80 plus population expected to grow over 17% over the next five years, while facing less new supply, versus historical levels. I'd also like to note our previously announced transition of 90 assisted living in memory care communities, is off to a solid start. As 65 communities have already transitioned, and the rest are planned by year-end. We believe the enhanced oversight provided by the experienced mid-market, midsize assisted living operators will improve the execution of local market strategy, and with increased accountability.  I have longstanding relationships and familiarity with the incoming CEO's, and I can say they are really fired up about the new portfolios. They're actively engaged with personal site visits to the communities and transition planning. Ventas has 37 operator relationships, including 7 of the top 10 largest operators in the sector, and 8 new relationships added this year. We look forward to the opportunity to grow our relationships with these companies over time. In summary, the Senior Housing sector is benefiting from a strong macro supply demand backdrop. We are actively positioning ourselves for success through portfolio actions and our operators are driving revenue and managing the elevated labor situation. We look forward to forging ahead during a very exciting time of sector recovery. Bob.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll close out our prepared remarks by quickly touching on our third-quarter office and enterprise results, discussing our recent Balance sheet and Capital activities, and laying out our fourth quarter expectations. Our life science and MOB businesses led by Pete Bulgarelli, in which we represent nearly 1/3 of our Company's NOI once again, delivered robust and reliable growth in the third quarter. These businesses taken together increased same-store NOI by 4.2% year-over-year and increased 1.2% sequentially on an adjusted basis. MOB NOI grew 3.2% year-over-year and R&I increased 7.1%. Some stats of interest that underpin this strong performance. MOB occupancy is up 130 basis points year-to-date, same-store MOB occupancy of 91.3% is at its highest point since the first quarter of 2018.  MOB tenant retention was 91% in the third quarter, and MOB new leasing increased 43% versus prior year. R&I occupancy remains outstanding at 94.4% and improved 50 basis points sequentially due to exciting demand for lab space. MLP expenses increased less than 1% year-on-year as a result of completed energy conservation projects in sourcing initiatives. And for the second year in a row, we ranked in the top quartile of our peer group for tenant satisfaction as measured by Kingsley Associates. 2021 rankings for each major key performance indicator increased when compared to 2020. At the enterprise level, we delivered $0.73 of FFO per share in the third quarter.  This result is at the higher end of our $0.70 to $0.74 guidance range, and benefited from the stable performance of our diversified portfolio, as well as the $0.04 ardent bond prepayment fee that was included in our guidance. We're also very active in the third quarter, managing our balance sheet and capital structure. Consistent with our prior $1 billion disposition guidance, We now have 875 million of disposition proceeds in the bank with a 170 million of Senior Housing and MOB portfolios under contract and expected to close in the fourth quarter. These dispositions have enhanced and reshaped our portfolio. and we've used these proceeds to reduce $1.1 billion of near-term debt so far this year.  We also issued $1.4 billion of equity in the third quarter, including $800 million for New Senior and $600 million in ATM issuance at $58 a share. As a result, our net debt to EBITDA ratio excluding New Senior improves sequentially to 6.9 times, while including New Senior Q3 leverage was better than forecast at 7.2 times. As an administrative side note, we plan to enter into a new ATM program, replacing our 2018 program which is nearly complete. Turning to Q4 guidance. We expect Fourth Quarter net income will range from a penny to $0.05 per fully diluted share. Q4 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.67 to $0.71 per share. The Q4 FFO mid-point of $0.69 can be bridged from Q3 of $0.73 by $0.01 net impact of tenant fees.  The impact of capital recycling for debt reduction, and pre -funding of new investments is $0.02, and various items round up to explain the last penny. Our SHOP portfolio NOI is estimated to be flat sequentially. Key fourth quarter assumptions underlying our guidance are as follows: starting with our shop same-store expectations; SHOP Q4 average occupancy is forecast to increase between 80 and 120 basis points versus the Q3 average. Growing ahead of pre -pandemic levels, while following seasonal trends. At the guidance midpoint, Spot occupancy, September 30 to December 31, is expected to be approximately flat. The resulting sequential SHOP revenue growth is expected to be offset by increased operating expenses due to continued elevated labor costs.  No HHS grants are assumed to be received in the fourth quarter, though our licensed assisted living communities have applied for qualified grants under Phase 4 of the provider relief fund for COVID losses incurred at the communities. Outside of SHOP, continued stable performance is expected in the office in triple-net segments, we expect to receive an M&A fee in Q4 of $0.03 for the announced Kindred sale, which Kindred communicated is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter subject to customary closing conditions. We continue to expect a billion asset sales and loan repayments for the full-year 2021 at a blended yield in the high 5s. And our fully diluted share count is now 403 million shares, reflecting the equity raised to date. I'd like to underscore that we're still in a highly uncertain environment. And the pandemic's impact on our business remains very difficult to predict.  To close, my colleagues and I are excited for the future of Ventas given the expected robust recovery in senior housing, and the external growth opportunities, both under our belt and that lie ahead. That concludes our prepared remarks. With that, I will turn the call back to the Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll : Yes. Thanks. Debbie, I want to talk a little bit about the investment markets. I guess with the Delta wave and the labor pressures have you seen an uptick in the number of investment opportunities, particularly in Senior Housing? I mean, should we continue to see that activity from year-end persist over the next several months in quarters?
Debra A. Cafaro : Good morning, Mike. I mean, as I mentioned, we have just seen a tremendous volume across the board all year long, more than we've ever seen. And we do expect that to continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Joseph of Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. I appreciate all the comments on expenses, and rate and occupancy, but just as you step back and think about kind of margin, once we get through some of these transitory issues, how do you think margin long-term for Senior Housing will compare versus pre -COVID levels?
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Justin.
Justin Hutchens : Sure. Hi, Nick. So just stepping back and thinking about the ultimate drivers of margin, you've probably heard us describe a train before. The front of the train really is leads, leads come first, that drives move-ins, net movement activity drives occupancy, pricing certainly supports revenue growth as well. And then there's expense management. And over time, we certainly expect that there will be margin expansion for 2 reasons. 1 is; that the supply demand characteristics that we're facing do support occupancy growth and should present opportunity for pricing power. Clearly in the near-term, there's expense pressure due to labor that we mentioned, but the macro backdrop does seem to be improving. And as I mentioned, our Operators are taking significant actions to address the issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson of SMBC.
Rich Anderson: Hey, good morning. I have a question about vaccine mandates, and at the property level, and how that's being managed. And I'm curious -- I don't know if I remember what that number is for Ventas, and if you could share that, I'm sure at some place I'm just not remembering it right now. But who makes the call on that? I assume in a SHOP 's execution that Ventas has at least a say in that, maybe I'm wrong. And I'm just curious what your thesis is or your ideas around vaccine mandates at the property level now and perhaps taking into account the Pfizer news and what you're thinking about it going forward. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro : Hi, Rich. I'll start and then turn it to Justin. Our operators have, by in large, been early adopters of vaccine mandates within the communities to keep the residents safe and we're at very high levels now, nearly 100% of both resident and staff. We've been way ahead of the federal requirements for vaccines because we are carrying for vulnerable seniors and also had access early on from the vaccine rollout, both employees and residents. And so that has been both a moral and a business imperative. It's worked really well. Our operators have lead on it and they have made the decision, but with our financial support and encouragement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico, of Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning. So I was hoping you could -- I don't think you break out labor expenses and the change there. If you could just give us a feel for how much they did increase quarter-over-quarter, and year-over-year, and just how we should think about the trend of labor expenses next year, because I know there's some optimism that you think that it's going to get a little bit better, but I'm still just not entirely clear why use of contract labor and other items would go down in this type of job market?
Debra A. Cafaro : Bob's going to address the quantitative parts of your question. I think from a high level, again, the timing is unknown, the extent is unknown, but there are multiple factors at a macro level that will support increased labor and workforce participation. And those include children back in school, children vaccinated, the exploration of public policy such as the federal stipend on unemployment, and also just people's savings running out as a result of that. And the schools being open and the like. And so all of those factors really play into the macro thinking around easing of current labor conditions. I think -- again, if you just step back, what's great about this recovery is that demand has sprung back, not just in our business, but broadly speaking, it has surged. And the supply chain and the labor force are still adapting and adjusting and haven't caught up yet. And over time, those things will get more in balance. And that's what the economists forecast, and that's why those are the factors that you would expect to improve the workforce participation. So Bob, do you want to talk about the specifics?
Robert Probst: Sure. And the next, page 12 of the business update that we issued this morning, could be helpful. Because it lays out the operating expense increase, we saw sequentially between the second and third quarter, which is roughly $17 million. And within that labor representing, call it, half of that increase. And if you further double-clicked on the labor piece, call it 2/3 of that would be contract labor. I reinforced the fact in our guidance for the fourth, we saw this acceleration in contract labor in September. We effectively assume that to continue through the fourth quarter in light of the backdrop. Important to note that contract labor is at least 2 times as expensive as in-house labor, and so these initiatives adjust and laid out to increase staffing, reduce that contract labor would have a positive mix benefit. But quantitatively that hopefully helps you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: Hey, good morning guys. And thanks for having me on the call. It's good to be a first-time caller, long-term listener. I did want to talk through and maybe hear a little bit more about your operator contracts. One of your peers have talked about maybe half of them renewing in 1Q, and the other half rateably throughout the year. I'm wondering if you see something similar and maybe you can unpack that for us
Debra A. Cafaro : Good and welcome. Yes, this is addressed also in our business update. Justin, do you want to take that?
Justin Hutchens : Sure, yeah. If you look at page 14 in the business update, you'll see this. And first of all the headline is that our Operators are proposed to our residents an 8% increase in rent in the U.S. and 4% in Canada. If you look to the left, you'll see how this breaks down. And that is at 55% of our residents are eligible for an increases in the first quarter, 35% get an anniversary rent increase, and so those will happen throughout the rest of the year, and then those that moved in the late, in '21, obviously, wouldn't be eligible for an increase yet. So there's a huge opportunity to grow revenue. This is a consistent process, it's tried and true. It's just that we're going to pass along more rent increases this year, and I will just add that our operators are very careful about taking local market considerations into their planning so that they're in line with market and they can successfully execute. And then there's also level of care which is really acuity driven, and that can increase throughout the year as well, both in terms of how much we charge, but also the acuity level of the resident would drive additional charges and that's just standard as part of the revenue package that operators offer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik Johnston, with Deutsche Bank.
Derik Johnston: Hi everyone. Good morning. Can we go into some detail on the SHOP transitions to the more experienced local operators in various markets, but really specifically, how that may have impacted these transitions, the 4Q guide. But at the same time, how the transitions could benefit first Q in 2022. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro : Thank you. Yes. I'm going to turn that to Bob and Justin to talk about the transitions, which as Justin said, are well underway.
Justin Hutchens : Okay. Thank you. And I'll start with really just some of the rationale for why we did it and why we think this is going to be helpful to performance. And you'll notice on Page 13 on the right-hand side that we highlight this. We selected operators that have experience. They have experience within these markets and they have experience running regional markets. And one thing I've been very encouraged about is that the CEOs of these companies have been actively engaged in the transitions. We have a co-operative transition with the former manager, so we've actually been able to get on the ground, into the communities, start assessing, getting to know people, and be ready to try to get off to a strong start when the transition begins. And you have the advantage, when you have a mid-sized Company with a regional presence is that you have senior management that is very close to the community.  So we do expect the oversight to be very strong, and then these companies are excited to grow. And there's just an energy to it that's really positive and it's well assessed, and we look forward to positive results. Having said that, we would expect to have some transition noise in the early going that was factored into the fourth quarter. And I'll hand over to Bob.
Robert Probst: Yeah, that's really again back to the labor theme frankly. This normal noise is a function of turnover at the communities, new staff, etc. So that's the context obviously, then with this tight labor market, we've assumed increases in the labor costs in the fourth for this portfolio. So that's embedded in the guidance for overall shopping plan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just a question for Justin on asset management. You seem to be making a transition to more smaller regional operators, which makes sense. But just curious on a couple fronts on the data analytics front, what you guys are doing and maybe some hires you've made there in the efforts that are being put forth? And then secondly, just as we look forward, should we expect more dispositions heading into '22, given some of the stuff that was on the market didn't transact, and you haven't necessarily sold a ton of assets, and the leverage is still a bit high. So just curious on go-forward dispositions, thinking about '22 and any clean up that thing you guys want to do for the portfolio as we exit COVID.
Justin Hutchens : Hi Juan. I'll start and then I'll -- Bob will jump in as well. And we start with the data analytics. We have made new hires. We've become much deeper and was already a strength in terms of market analytics. We certainly study supply and demand in great detail and have really good familiar with local markets. And which has helped to inform some of the decisions we've made, but also it help to inform growth decisions we make moving forward. Great team. We've also enhanced our operational analysis through hiring people that have experienced in operating companies and have high analytical strategic experience as well. So that's given us insights into the business that are extremely valuable and inform our decisions but also help to inform the decisions that the operators make in their planning as well.
Robert Probst: And I'll take the disposition question, Juan. The short answer is no. We don't as we think about '22 expect significant dispositions in Senior Housing, we do have a 170 million yet to go under contract this year. And a good chunk of that is Senior Housing. But beyond that, no significant plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of Barclays.
Eric Glenn: Hi, this is Eric Glenn on for Steve. I guess, as the labor pressure eventually starts to subside, how do you think this affects long-term productivity? I know one of your peers had mentioned, that it would take several quarters to reach the same level of historical productivity, Due to the time that it takes to re-amp new staff up to speed, and deal with onboarding. I was just curious if this is affecting you at all or is the actual staff turnover not really high enough to have an impact here? Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro : I would just say simply that, that is a part of the labor pressure in the timing of when we would expect conditions to ease. Certainly, the industry is experienced that on-boarding new workers and that's -- it's an industry where there is consistent shifting of on-site workers, and so that is the strength of the industry. But it will take some time for these conditions to abate, again, for a variety of factors, including getting up the speed and training. So that is correct. It's just a multi-factor analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler : Hi, there. I just wanted to circle back on the ESL transition assets and maybe I think in the press release last month, you talked about no contribution of NOI in the second quarter. I'm curious what the progression was sequentially? I know we haven't same-store numbers, but I'm curious what the ESL portfolio did sequentially? And then I'm curious what the outlook would be because I would think that an operators transitions historically have caused some disruption. So it's was what sort of the outlook would be in terms of looking at the curve of a recovery in the cash flow to go for that portfolio when we should expect that to start to, at least bottom and then start to recover. Thank you.
Robert Probst: Yeah, Jordan. I'll take that. I wish I could draw this picture in front of you. Because I do think you'll see some -- as we saw our second quarter into third quarter, some erosion in NOI in this portfolio. And as I mentioned, we're expecting that to continue into the fourth, given the labor cost pressures, and just the normal noise associated with the transitions. The strategy which Justin was speaking to though, is once these are in the hands of these, these new operators, they will employ their skill to really drive that performance of that portfolio in 2022 and beyond. So that's the goal. And we're right in the middle of that right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Hi. I'm wondering, how much of the higher labor expense pace do you think is attributable to recent rate pressures for existing staff that maybe be a little bit more sticky versus the idea of just having to utilize more higher-cost contract labor?
Debra A. Cafaro : Yeah. Good question. Justin, do you want to comment on that?
Justin Hutchens : Sure. It's really more around just the availability of staff. The availability to staff fully with your existing people. One thing, there's a series of steps that operators take. The first thing they do is they try to make sure that they're utilizing all the full-time hours available for their existing staff. Most operators don't schedule the 40-hour week, since there's always room to expand a little bit, so they'll do that first. Next step is they'll use over time, obviously of your continuity of your existing staff to deliver care and services, and then the last resort is really to add agency. And one interesting tidbit around this is that there's not really a certain MSA where we are seeing agency use. It's clearly a macro backdrop issue. But within MSAs, there's certain communities that really have an out-sized amount of agency that's being utilized, which points to the opportunity for an operational solution. So we have plenty of evidence that this can be managed, and as I said in prepared remarks, we're already starting to see hiring, picking up across the operators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Dennerlein of Bank of America.
Debra A. Cafaro : Josh.
Operator: Josh, your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein : Sorry guys. I was on mute there. I was looking at the rep for growth for the same-store pool, just kind of curious if you have any kind of expectations as we go forward when it might turn to positive growth on a year-over-year basis?
Debra A. Cafaro : I mean, it's -- the trends have been encouraging and Justin, do you want to comment specifically?
Justin Hutchens : Sure. Yes. There's a few moving parts in RevPOR; 1 is mix, which is really just the contribution of RevPOR from certain product types. And we are benefiting this year. I've mentioned this before that we would benefit from the U.S. recovery because we'll see our higher price point product, particularly in Sunrise for instance, that's a driver of RevPOR overall. So we're getting some mix shift benefit. Probably more importantly, though, is we are getting the benefit of better re-leasing spreads. And that's been consistent. We saw the underlying trends in the second quarter, we saw it through the third quarter. And when we get into next year, obviously we have the in-house rent increases that we mentioned, but the pricing power should continue to improve because what starts to happen is you're covering movements that occurred in 2020. They came in at a relatively low rate and as the momentum picks up in the sector, our operators are able to charge more. And so we're looking forward to a period of really improved pricing in RevPAR moving ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll : Yeah. And I know that existing Senior's Housing residents generally don't like to move away from the communities that they are in. There has been a small percentage that didn't like to do that pre [Indiscernible]. Has that trend come back post - COVID, or residents still hesitate to move in because of the pandemic, or move out, sorry?
Debra A. Cafaro : Could you repeat that Mike? And welcome back. You got a short question the first time, so can you repeat that last part?
Operator: Michael, please press star one again. Please proceed. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll : Yes. I know residents generally don't like to move out from their facilities on the seniors housing residence, but there was a small percentage pre -COVID that was willing to do that. Has that trend come back at all or are residents still hesitant to move out because of the pandemic?
Justin Hutchens : Hi, it's Justin. So there was actually -- since we've been in this period of recovery, there was one month, I want to say it was April, we did see a little bit more move-out activity, and we did really correlate that to people being able to make a move where they weren't moving during the pandemic, and they had an opportunity to move around in the month of April, but you also know there was that move in activity was picking up and so I think there was -- you're just trading seats with other operators, and so there was a lot of movement then. But since then it's been very stable, very consistent in terms of move-out activity.
Debra A. Cafaro : Operator, did you have [Indiscernible] questions?
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Debra A. Cafaro : I do. As I said, we have a lot of optimism and confidence. It just happens to be a momentous day with the advent of additional COVID treatments and a real line-of-sight to this pandemic possibly being over. Our business is doing really well. It is diversified and benefiting from the internal and external growth. Avenues that we have. We have a great set of partners and a great team here at Ventas. We're very appreciative as always of your interest and your support in our Company. And we look forward to seeing you soon Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ventas second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Sarah Whitford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sarah Whitford: Thanks Tammy. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas second quarter financial results conference call. Earlier this morning, we issued our second quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. This earnings call does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed acquisition of New Senior, Ventas filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that includes a preliminary prospectus for the Ventas common stock that will be issued in the proposed acquisition and that also constitutes a preliminary proxy statement for a special meeting of New Senior stockholders to approve the proposed acquisition. The proxy statement prospectus and other documents filed by Ventas and New Senior with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Ventas' Investor Relations website at ir.ventasreit.com or in New Senior's Investor Relations website at ir.newseniorinv.com as applicable or at SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You should review such materials filed with the SEC carefully because they contain or will contain important information about the proposed transaction, including information about Ventas and New Senior and their respective directors, executive officers and other employees who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of their proposed acquisition and a description of their direct and indirect interests by security holdings or otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Ventas Chairman and CEO.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sarah, well done. Your first public company merger. Congratulations. Well, good morning everyone. I want to welcome our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas second quarter 2021 earnings call. Ventas delivered an outstanding second quarter and we have strong momentum across the board, in health and safety, capital deployment and access, realization of the benefits of prior successful investments, financial strength and most importantly in portfolio growth led by our high quality SHOP business with significant contributions from office and stability in our triple-net lease business. We see a clear path to growth in our demographically driven diversified enterprise through capturing the embedded upside in our senior housing business, the benefit of external investments, reliable cash flow from our office and triple-net businesses and delivery and stabilization of ongoing developments, primarily in the life sciences, research and innovation and Canadian senior housing areas. Our experienced team is committed to winning the recovery for all of our stakeholders. Let me first turn to our second quarter results. We posted $0.73 of normalized FFO per share, which is above the high-end of our previously provided guidance. I am delighted that our same-store property portfolio grew 3.6% sequentially. Our outperformance was driven by SHOP, which produced a $111 million in quarterly NOI, a recovery of $50 million of annualized NOI, representing industry-leading growth in same-store cash NOI and occupancy. July continued these positive SHOP trends for the fifth consecutive month of occupancy growth. Importantly, by the end of July, lease reached their highest levels since the pandemic began. Justin will unpack these trends more fully in his remarks. As a result, we have never been more confident that the senior living business is supported by powerful demand that is growing and resilient, while supply remains constrained. If the last 18 months have taught us anything, it is that as soon as our communities and care providers are ready to welcome residents and their families, we experienced a surge of leads and move-ins almost immediately, which then build sustainably and rapidly. That said, given the macro uncertainty in the COVID-19 environment, particularly the national and regional rise in cases and the measures that have been taken or may be taken to contain COVID spread. The path to full recovery may not be a straight line, but we believe that will point inexorably upward. In our third quarter outlook, we have assumed the increase in COVID cases throughout the U.S. may have some impact on the velocity of leasing and expenses. Rounding out our portfolio performance, office grew nicely in the quarter and our triple-net portfolio continued its stability. Pete's efforts to increase leasing, keep high retention rates, improved customer relationships and grow NOI are showing results. Our on-campus and affiliated MLP strategy with leading health system continues to shine. Turning to health systems, our investment in Ardent also continues to deliver benefit. In addition to strong cash flow coverage on our $1.3 billion leasehold position, our 10% equity stake in the Ardent enterprise is benefiting from excellent Ardent results and our prior purchase of $200 million of Ardent senior notes recently paid off with a $15 million prepayment fee, providing us with a 13% unlevered return on our investment in the Ardent notes. When all is said and done, I believe and hope that our Ardent investment in real estate, equity and debt will prove to be one of our best risk adjusted return investments. Turning to other capital allocation priorities, we certainly are on our front foot regarding external investments. In total, in 2021 we have over $3.5 billion in investments completed, pending or underway with another $1 billion life science, research and innovation pipeline with our exclusive development partner Wexford, right behind that. Our team is also busy evaluating attractive deals across our asset classes. This year-to-date, we have already reviewed about as many investment opportunities as we saw in all of 2019. We will pursue those that meet our multi-factor investment philosophy, which is focused on growing reliable cash flow and favorable risk adjusted returns, taking into account factors such as cost per square foot or unit, downside protection and ultimate potential for cash flow growth and asset appreciation. Our $2.3 billion pending investment in New Senior, announced in the second quarter, is a great example. In this deal, we are acquiring over a 100 high-quality independent living communities that are well-invested and located in advantaged markets at compelling pricing. The per unit cost is estimated to be 20% to 30% below replacement cost. The 5% cash going in cap rate is expected to grow to a 6% cap rate on expected 2022 NOI with upside as the senior housing recovery continues. And the FFO multiple of less than 12 times post synergize 2022 estimated FFO are all attractive valuation metrics. I commend Susan Givens and her team for doing a tremendous job creating and realizing value for their stakeholders. We are also confident that Ventas shareholders will receive immediate and long term accretion and upside from the deal as senior housing recovers and the large middle market demographic expands significantly in the near term. As Justin will describe, the New Senior portfolio also fits in with our senior housing strategy and framework. New Senior also performed well in Q2 and into July, with occupancy increasing in the same-store portfolio for five straight months. A unique strategic advantage of the New Senior transaction is the long-standing relationship we have with the principal managers of the portfolio, Atria and Holiday, two leading operators who recently combined to form the second largest senior housing manager. As a one-third owner of Atria, we are excited about the opportunities the combination creates. we will directly benefit from growth in Atria's management platform. And we welcome the combination of Atria and Holiday's talent in Atria's advanced enterprise. Congratulations to Atria for pulling together this industry changing transaction. Switching to our attractive life science, research and innovation business. It continues to provide us with value-creating opportunities to invest capital. The Ventas life science portfolio now exceeds nine million square feet. It's located in three of the top five cluster markets, includes three ongoing development projects and is affiliated with over 16 of the nation's top research universities. We also have an incremental $1 billion in potential projects we are working on with Wexford. The first and largest new life science project in the pipeline, totaling about $0.5 billion in costs, is gaining steam. Expected to be 60% pre-leased to a major public research university that ranks in the top 5% of NIH funding, this project will be located on the West Coast and should break ground in the first half of 2022. Wexford with its exceptional reputation among universities is also exploring significant additional life science potential projects beyond those in our existing pipeline. North of the border, we continue to invest capital in high-end large-scale independent living communities with our partner, Le Groupe Maurice in Quebec. We have always tried to create value through both internal and external growth and we are pleased that we have returned to being a net acquirer in 2021. Our team is active and engaged beyond our announced deals and our pipeline of potential investments across asset classes. To fund new investments, we have access to significant liquidity and a wide array of capital sources, including the asset dispositions and receipt of loan repayments, as Bob will describe in greater detail. The demand for senior housing has been robust and sustainable, proving out the value proposition of communities and care providers offered to seniors in their families. The sharp recovery has begun and we have started capturing the significant upside embedded in our existing senior housing portfolio from both pandemic recovery and the 17.5% growth in the senior population projected over the next few years. Our diversified business model continues to provide uplift and stability to our enterprise. We are investing nearly $4 billion in announced deals and development projects and our access to and pricing of capital are positive. In closing, the U.S. is in the midst of an impressive economic recovery that, together with demographic demand for all our asset classes, will benefit our business. We embrace the opportunity to take on any near term challenges that are temporarily caused by the strength and speed of this recovery, especially because now, unlike last year and the beginning of 2021, our employees, residents, tenants and caregivers are largely safe and healthy. As a team at Ventas, we are incredibly pleased about the results we have delivered and the strength and momentum we have demonstrated. Justin, over to you.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you Debbie. We remain excited about delivering industry-leading occupancy and NOI growth and we are encouraged about recent trends in the senior housing portfolio. Although we are still in the early stages of the recovery, we are off to a very strong start. Ventas is well-positioned to benefit from significant senior housing tailwinds, including the sector recovery upside, supportive demand fundamentals and continued improvement in leading indicators. I will review three topics today. First, our second quarter performance. Second, our perspective on the senior housing operating environment. And third, our continued execution of our senior housing strategy. I will start by covering our second quarter performance. In SHOP, leading indicators continued to trend favorably and accelerated during the quarter, as leads and move-ins each surpassed 100% of 2019 levels, while move-outs remained steady. June marked the best month for leads and move-ins since the start of the pandemic and July has sustained strong momentum. Strong sales activity has now driven five consecutive months of occupancy growth, inclusive of July. In the second quarter approximate spot occupancy from March 31 to June 30 increased 229 basis points, led by the U.S. with growth of 313 basis points and accelerating leads and move-ins. In Canada, the trends were more muted due to a slower vaccine rollout, but approximate spot occupancy still increased during the second quarter, driven by 33 basis points of growth in June. Leading indicators remained strong in our portfolio as the digital footprint of our operators have significantly expanded over the past year, casting a wider net as traditional high converting lead sources such as personal referrals, respite and professional referrals continue recovery. Turning to SHOP operating results. Same-store revenue in the second quarter increased sequentially by $3.5 million as strong occupancy growth was partially offset by the impact of a new resident move-in incentives on pricing, specifically at Atria. I will touch on that more in a minute. Operating expenses declined sequentially by $9.2 million or 2.3% excluding the impact of HHS grants received in the first quarter, driven by a better than expected reduction of COVID-19 operating costs, partially offset by a modest increase in routine operating expenses. For the sequential same-store pool, SHOP generated approximately $111 million of NOI received in the first quarter, which represents a sequential increase of $12.4 million or 12.6% when excluding the impact of HHS grants. This marks the first quarter of sequential underlying NOI growth since the onset of COVID-19 and approximates a nearly $15 million NOI improvement on an annualized basis. During the quarter, we saw solid contribution to sequential NOI growth in both revenue and operating expenses as average occupancy increased 110 basis points and COVID-19 costs declined substantially and ahead of expectations. Turning to triple-net. Sequential same-store cash NOI was largely stable in the second quarter and 98% of all contractual triple-net rent was received from the company's tenants. Our trailing 12-months cash flow coverage for senior housing, which is reported one quarter in arrears, is 1.2 times and down versus the prior quarter, reflecting the timing associated with coverage reporting which now includes effectively four full quarters of operations impacted by COVID. Moving onto the current operating environment, which is full of green shoots. Our market leading operators continued to demonstrate their strong market position through broad occupancy gains. Sunrise led the way with 627 basis points of spot occupancy growth in the low point in mid-March to the end of July, benefiting from a rejuvenated management team, significantly well-invested communities and a balanced approach demonstrating very strong occupancy gains and pricing power. We would like to congratulate Sunrise's CEO, Jack Callison, for adding experience and depth to his management team with his recently announced hires. Atria, which benefits from a higher absolute occupancy of 81.8% at July end, continues to deliver solid volume growth. Spot occupancy in July increased 529 basis points since the low point in mid-March, resulting from the combination of their industry-leading vaccine mandate and strategic price incentives to capture movements. Atria anticipates tightening incentives moving forward as pricing power recovers and occupancy stabilizes. Supporting all of this is Atria's industry-leading vaccination rates, which are impressively high at nearly a 100% of both residents and employees. Looking ahead, as Debbie mentioned, the third quarter is off to a strong start with July spot occupancy increasing 74 basis points versus June and lease continuing to stand strong at 105% of pre-pandemic levels. Our operators have been prioritizing resident safety and weathering several near term headwinds, including the Delta variant and transitory wage pressures from staffing shortages in select markets. Underpinning our leading operating partner relationships and recent sales momentum is our attractive market footprint, which positions us to benefit from the compelling supply and demand outlook in the senior housing sector. Our communities in the U.S. are poised for improving performance over time due to our strong presence in submarkets that outpace the U.S. national average in aging population growth and wealth demographics, but with significantly lower exposure to new construction starts and construction as a percentage of inventory. Approximately 30% of our SHOP portfolio on a stabilized basis is located in Canada. The senior housing sector in Canada has performed exceptionally well, with occupancy exceeding 90% every year from 2010 to 2020 and demand outpacing new supply in eight of that last 11 years. As a foundation to these attractive fundamentals, the 75-plus population in Canada is projected to grow more than 20% over the next five years, about twice the pace of the U.S. The Ventas team has been busy executing our senior housing strategy, driven by experiential operating expertise and underpinned by our analytical capabilities to further strengthen our senior housing business. The underlying goal of our strategy is simply to execute portfolio actions that ensure we are located in the right markets, with the right operator, with assets with strong local market positioning. A notable example of our strategy execution is the New Senior transaction. New Senior has a track record of strong operating performance, benefits from a geographically diverse footprint with favorable exposure to compelling market fundamentals and demographics and represents a well invested high quality portfolio catering to an attractive market segment. The acquisition also represents an excellent opportunity to further expand our relationships with two long-standing operators in Holiday Retirement and Atria Senior Living and with new relationships such as Hawthorn Senior Living. New Senior will strengthen our existing senior housing business from several strategic perspectives. Operationally, New Senior will enhance Ventas' cash flow generation profile. Its margin has remained resilient in the 35%-plus range during the COVID-19 and occupancy has weathered the pandemic headwinds of approximately 80 basis points better than the NIC industry average. Most recently, New Senior has seen strong sales trends as we progressed through the early stages of the senior housing recovery with powerful upside as the portfolio occupancy grew 100 basis points in June. Geographically, New Senior has a diverse presence across 36 states, which includes exposure to markets with high home values and high household income levels, ideal proximity to premium retail in high visibility locations and favorable supply outlooks versus industry averages. This transaction is a reflection of our focus on adding high-quality assets to our senior housing platform and maintaining balance across independent living and assisted living product types. We see New Senior's independent living assets as complementary to our existing high-end major market portfolio as it provides a lower average resident age and longer length of stay at an accessible price point, with RevPOR of approximately $2,700. The purpose-built nature of these communities, which include consistent layout with 120 units per building also will strengthen our ability to effectively and efficiently redevelop and invest in these assets over time. Moving on to new developments. We continue to drive value from our development pipeline through our relationship with Le Groupe Maurice, where we have opened three communities, with more than 1,000 units over the past year. Two of the three developments were delivered in the fourth quarter of 2020. Both projects had substantial pre-leasing activity and have already stabilized at approximately 95% occupancy. The third project, a 287-unit expansion of an existing Le Groupe Maurice community in Montreal, was delivered in June of this year. Initial leasing activity has been strong with more than half of the new units occupied as of the end of July. Our plans across our broader SHOP portfolio includes significant deployment of refresh and redevelopment capital, strengthening our market leading position, where we expect to realize occupancy growth and pricing upside over the next few years. We continue to actively manage our portfolio with the disposition of non-strategic assets and the transition of operators in select markets to position our senior housing business for long term success. In summary, our recovery is off to a strong start. We are well-positioned in markets that benefit from outsized aging and wealth demographic, with rapid portfolio [indiscernible] we are executing our senior housing strategy to help ensure success in the near and long term. I will now hand over to Pete.
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks Justin. I will cover the office and healthcare triple-net segments. Together, these segments represent over 50% of Ventas' NOI. We continue to produce positive and reliable results. Within these segments, we are seeing a changing business climate. Health system and university business confidence is rising, leading to longer term commitments and strategic growth investments. During the pandemic, we kept our business confidence. We remain focused on growth and we continued to invest in incremental leasing resources and in creating a leasing center of excellence, led by an industry veteran. She is now two years in. We have built a technical engineering team to assist our local property teams in running our buildings more efficiently, also led by an industry veteran. He is now 18 months in. We doubled our capital invested in our MOBs to ensure their competitiveness, including major redevelopments in Phoenix, Atlanta and Austin, Texas. We expanded our tenant satisfaction programs under the leadership of our new property management leader. He is also 18 months in. Because of this focus, I am proud to say that our MOBs now rank in the top quartile of tenant overall satisfaction as surveyed by Kingsley, the national real estate survey leader. Happy tenants equals higher occupancy. Our focus on the fundamentals and growth is showing results. Let me describe them now. Office, which includes our medical office and research and innovation segments performed well, delivering 10.5% sequential same-store growth. Office quarterly same-store growth was 12.6% year-on-year. The R&I portfolio benefited from a $12 million termination fee from a large tenant in the Winston-Salem innovation center, anchored by Wake Forest. Adjusted for the termination fee, office sequential same-store growth was 90 basis points and 2.8% for year-on-year same-store quarterly growth, a strong quarter. Medical office same-store sequential growth was 80 basis points and year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 2.4%. For the quarter, we executed 230,000 square feet in office new leasing and 460,000 square feet year-to-date, a 78% improvement from prior year. Medical office had strong same-store retention of 94% for the quarter and 85% for the trailing 12-months. The result is that total MOB occupancy increased 20 basis points sequentially. Total office leasing was 750,000 square feet for the quarter and 1.8 million square feet year-to-date. We are also pleased that our annual escalators for the new MOB leases averaged 2.9% for the quarter, which caused MOB same-store portfolio annual rent escalators to increase from 2.4% to 2.6%. Our R&I business continued to excel as it strives to provide effective facilities to support the record level of investment into life sciences research. Same-store sequential growth was 38.9%. Adjusted for the termination fee, same-store sequential growth was 1.1%. Year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 42.6%. Adjusted for the termination fee, year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was a strong 3.9%. Quarterly same-store occupancy was now standing 94% with sequential occupancy increasing by 10 basis points. Looking forward, we have three R&I buildings comprising of 1.2 million square feet of space under construction. Collectively, they are 78% leased or committed. Of the two buildings in our uCity Complex at Philadelphia, the Drexel building is 100% leased, while one uCity Square is over 55% leased or committed. We are oversubscribed for the remaining space with 11 above pro forma proposals currently outstanding. In Pittsburgh, our new building is 70% pre-leased. University of Pittsburgh and UPMC was significant activity on the remaining space. At our recently opened project with Arizona State University in Phoenix, we are 86% leased or committed and expect to be 100% leased shortly. These performance numbers reflect the quality of our well located R&I assets. Now let's turn to healthcare triple-net. During the second quarter, our healthcare triple-net assets showed continued strength and reliability with 100% rent collections. Second quarter same-store cash NOI growth was 2.5% year-on-year. Trailing 12-month EBITDARM cash flow coverage through June 30 was strong across the portfolio. Health systems trailing 12-month coverage was an excellent 3.6 times in the first quarter, a 10 basis point sequential improvement. As Debbie mentioned, Ardent continues to perform extremely well in this dynamic market. IRF and LTAC coverage improved 20 basis points to 1.9 times in the first quarter, buoyed by strong business results. Although skilled nursing declined 10 basis points to 1.8 times as the pandemic continued to impact centers, total post-acute coverage increased sequentially by 20 basis points to 1.9 times in the first quarter of 2021. Finally, several of our partners have an approach for M&A opportunities. Kindred is expected to merge with LifePoint and Spire recently entertained multiple offers by Ramsay. It is a testament to the underlying value of our healthcare operators and the associated real estate. With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thanks Pete. In my remarks today, I will cover our second quarter results, our recent liquidity balance sheet and capital activities and finally, our expectations for the third quarter of 2021. Starting with our results in the second quarter. Ventas recorded strong second quarter net income of $0.23 per share and normalized funds from operations of $0.73 per share. Normalized FFO per share was $0.02 above the high end of our initial guidance range of $0.67 to $0.71 for the quarter and is consistent with our June update to be at the high end or better than that original range. The Q2 outperformance was driven by growth in office, continued stable performance from triple-net, strong results from Ardent and better than expected NOI in our SHOP portfolio. Turning to capital. We have been busy in proactively managing our capital structure, duration of debt and liquidity since our last earnings call. First, following the announcement of the New Senior agreement, we raised $300 million in equity at an average gross price of approximately $58.60 per share under our ATM program. The $300 million equity raise together with the $800 million of new equity to be issued to New Senior shareholders for the fixed exchange ratio and $1.2 billion of New Senior debt to be assumed or refinanced constitutes the overall $2.3 billion funding of the New Senior transaction. Second, through August 5, we have received $450 million of disposition proceeds in a receipt of loan receivable. Included in the $450 million received to-date is repayment of two well structured loans in July, part of redemption of $200 million of 9.75% Senior Notes due 2026 and Holiday's repayment of $66 million or 9.4% notes due 2025. Medical office buildings sold in the second quarter also resulted in proceeds of approximately $107 million. Using proceeds from this disposition, in the third quarter Ventas will improve its near term debt maturity profile further by fully repaying a total of $664 million in outstanding 3.25% Senior Notes due August 2022 and 3.13% notes due June 2023. As a result of recovery in senior housing NOI and our capital structure actions, we are seeing strengthening credit metrics. Reported Q2 net EBITDA was better than expectations improving 10 basis points sequentially to seven times. Within that 10 basis point improvement, underlying SHOP annualized EBITDA improved nearly $50 million or 25 basis points beneficial impact of the ratio in just one quarter. This organic improvement was offset by the elimination of SHOP which we experienced in Q2. This provides a proof point of the anticipated material improvement in leverage resulting from the underlying recovery in senior housing over time. Pro forma, for announced ATM issuance and capital activities, Ventas' Q2 net debt to EBITDA went lower from seven times to 6.8 times. I would highlight that the New Senior transaction is expected to be 30 basis point levering on projected New Senior 2020 NOI and is supported by the forecasted growth in cash flows from the New Senior portfolio. Ventas' has ample liquidity totaling $3.3 billion. As of August 5, the company had $2.7 billion of undrawn revolver capacity, $600 million cash and no commercial paper outstanding. Let's finish with our future guidance. Third quarter net income is estimated to range from flat to $0.05 per fully diluted share. Our guidance range for normalized FFO for Q3 is $0.70 to $0.74 per share. The Q3 FFO midpoint of $0.72 can be bridged from Q2 of $0.73 by $0.02 benefit from the Ardent loan prepayment fee in Q3, net of the Ardent HHS grants in Q2, offset by $0.02 from lost interest income on the loan repayments and the July equity raise. NOI reductions from assets intended for dispositions describe the last $0.01. In the third quarter, assumptions underlying our guidance are as follows. SHOP Q3 spot occupancy from June 30 to September 30 is forecasted to increase between 150 to 250 basis points, with the midpoint roughly continuation of occupancy growth trends there in July. Third quarter is expected to be roughly flat sequentially and move-in incentives are expected to narrow in the quarter. Sequential SHOP revenue growth is expected to be offset by increasing operating costs due to an additional day in the quarter, higher occupancy, labor and routine seasonal items including repairs and maintenance and utility costs. No HHS Grants are assumed to be received in the third quarter. Sales performance is expected in the office and triple-net segments. We continue to expect $1 billion in asset sales and loan repayments for the full year 2021 with line of sight for the remaining balance in the second half of this year. Fully diluted share count is now 383 million shares reflecting the equity raise in anticipation of New Senior. Guidance does not include any other announced capital markets activity. Our Q3 guidance excludes any impact from the pending acquisition of New Senior. The New Senior transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2021 and once closed, it is forecast to be between $0.09 to $0.11 accretive to normalized FFO per share in 2022. I would like to underscore that we are still in a highly uncertain environment. Growth trends in SHOP are positive. The pandemic's impact on our business remains very difficult to predict. Ventas is excited about our business in the future and we believe we have the well-diversified portfolio, best-in-class operators and experienced team to win the recovery that is now underway. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we are limiting each caller to two questions to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi. Good morning. Justin, can you share some more details on your seniors housing occupancy versus rate philosophy? And why when I look at the rate, it seems that there is a little bit more discounting here than some other portfolios as you RevPOR was down about 2% year over year, some others were up low-single digits? I guess it just seems given demand is rebounding and length of stay is only a few years and affordability is probably as attractive now as it's been in perhaps ever, why wasn't RevPOR growth maybe at least flat if not positive?
Justin Hutchens: Hi. Nice to talk to you. Let me start with the year-over-year kind of comment you made. So if you were to look at our year-over-year RevPOR and you exclude Atria, which as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, had some discounting. I will come back to that and exclude LGM which performed really well in this past year but they operate at a lower price point in an active living product in Canada. So there's a mix shift impact from LGM. So if you were to take those two out, our RevPOR would have increased 1.8%. So take LGM aside and let's get back to Atria. You might remember that Atria, starting back during the pandemic had positioned themselves to go for volume in a few different ways. Very early on, they were the first to execute testing broadly. As they moved throughout the pandemic, they saw an opportunity for volume ahead of the worst part of the pandemic, which was emerging in the fall and into the winter. So they offered price incentives. And if you were to look at Atria's occupancy growth, if you go move further back from the low point and start back for instance December 31, they have grown 372 basis points versus the rest of our SHOP in total to be like 227 basis points. And so they are an absolute bonafide leader in driving occupancy volume. They chose to stay with the discounting into recent months. We have noticed in underlying trends that they are starting to tighten. They also have a higher absolute occupancy than the rest of our portfolio and a lot of operators in the sector. So we believe that they are well-positioned to start to push pricing in the markets where they are seeing stabilization. That's their intent. They started to do it. They will continue to do it. They have a long track record of driving both occupancy and price. And we are in the very early stages of this recovery. So we are comfortable and confident that then over time they will deliver. One other point and that is that we have Sunrise Senior Living in our portfolio. Sunrise has a 9,000 RevPOR. They are sitting at 72% occupied. They have been driving a lot of occupancy growth as well. And the mix shift that I mentioned that kind of went the other way with LGM outperforming will shift the other way and Sunrise starts to grow. So I think our RevPOR outlook will be fine in the long term.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. Yes. That's helpful. It's just tough for us to see the mix shift on our side. But the color is really helpful. I appreciate you sharing that. And then just one more for me on the life science and the R&I pipeline. Are you still planning to utilize some JV partners on some of those future potential developments to help spread out risk and lower the earnings dilution? Or given the strength of that business, is there maybe a desire now to keep those wholly-owned, let that value creation benefit drop to shareholders?
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning. That's a great question. We are excited about this business that is going to continue to grow and Wexford has a lot of opportunities. But I would say is, the answer will be some and some. There are some pre-identified projects that are in the pipeline that would do in joint ventures. And they are carefully selected to make sure we have a coherent strategy around the joint venture. And there are others that Wexford is working on that may go on balance sheet depending on, again, the risk-reward profile. So I think we will have a lot of benefits from this business initiative going forward, both on balance sheet and with our joint venture strategy.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. I will jump off. Thanks for the time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to get more color on the underlying assumptions for the SHOP occupancy growth in third quarter. Obviously, you have already had July at about 75 basis points and recognize the recovery won't be straight line as you said. But how do you think about the near term risks from of the Delta variant and the impact on at least near term senior housing occupancy?
Pete Bulgarelli: Sure. I will start on that, Nick. So this, in terms of the numbers, the outlook is 150 to 250 spot occupancy gains. You are right to say 74 in the first month. So at the time that is above the midpoint. And you are right to say it's not a straight line. I mean clearly the pandemic backdrop is something we are thinking about, no doubt about it as you think about occupancy. And it's never month-to-month if you look at it, take one month times three. That said, the strength in leads in July is worth noting as well. In light of that, what translates into move-ins in the future. So we are still seeing very positive trend now five consecutive months of occupancy and strong leads. But with a backdrop of caution is the right way to think about it.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Then you talked about the supply outlook on senior housing kind of being positive for the near medium term. Given the recovery that's underway, when would you expect that supply to start picking up in terms of new starts?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So it's Justin. There is a little bit of catch-up in terms of supply from last year that we are experiencing in the short term. It's a bump in the road but starts and deliveries are very low and so there is a window that we can look out. We think a few years of runway to really have strong absorption in the sector. Certainly, capital will follow the fundamentals. We expect to see development chase this sector. But when they do, they will be faced with the strongest aging demographic that the sector has ever faced. So we are certainly bullish and confident on the demand for senior housing.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. Hi everyone. Hope everyone is doing well. Curious on Ardent, since you got the loan repayment. Just curious, maybe if you have any interest to kind of expand further into the hospital sector? It just feel like. yes, just kind of curious there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, good morning. Thanks for the question. No, Ardent has been a great investment in many different ways. Great risk adjusted return, great performance and I think even better days ahead. I would say that if we were able to find additional assets in the health system space that have the characteristics that we like about Ardent, we certainly would commit additional capital there. And those characteristics really are around growing market, position in local markets, being one of the leaders, having pricing power with commercial payers and those types of characteristics, obviously population growth and so on and good strong experienced care providers. So we continue to explore opportunities in this space and if we can find anything even close to as good as Ardent, I think we would be happy to commit additional capital there.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And then on the disposition guidance, the $1 billion, did that originally include the Ardent repayment? And is that additional or kind of takes the place of maybe some other sales that you were going to do?
Bob Probst: Yes. Josh, that was in the initial $1 billion that the $200 million loan repayment, that was in our guidance originally. So no surprises there. And the balance being property real estate dispositions continues to be the assumption, both senior housing and MOBs. But that was in our first guidance.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Just one real quick follow-up. If Colony was to, I think Colony could repay back their loan, that's not included? Or is that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Correct. That is correct.
Bob Probst: Correct. That is not in $1 billion. That is not assumed.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Got it.
Debra A. Cafaro: You got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thanks. I wanted to stay on the RevPOR outlook real quick. And can you talk about how operators are setting rates today? Are they able to be more aggressive pushing rates, I guess in August versus February, beginning of this year? And then, if not, at what point will they be able to be more aggressive? I mean does occupancy have to hit back into the mid 80% range?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Hi, it's Justin. So even throughout the second quarter, we could see underlying tightening, particularly in asking rents. Operators tend to use short term incentives first and foremost. And we think those will persist as asking rents tighten. Clearly, the demand is really strong for independent assisted living. If that continues, I would expect pricing power to return and particularly as communities and markets reach pre-pandemic occupancy. So we think there is plenty of potential ahead to drive pricing. Of course, as Debbie mentioned that it may not be a straight line as we face this next phase of the recovery.
Debra A. Cafaro: And different operators will clearly pursue different strategies. And we support and work with them on their strategies and we should see the benefit from that going forward.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then back in 2014 or 2015 when the SHOP portfolio had occupancy of 90%-plus. I mean at that point, how aggressive were your operator is able to push rate? I mean, could we expect RevPOR or maybe not expect to I mean could we see RevPOR get back into the mid single digits if something like that occurs?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So it's completely different market moving forward than it was then. That would have been really the beginning of facing new supply and there was still some pricing power persisted during that time with the outlook moving ahead given the demographic backdrop and the new supply backdrop that we are facing. It certainly supports occupancy growth and pricing power.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, Michael you are reminding me of the very good times and thank you for doing that where occupancies were in the low to mid 90s and RevPOR was growing considerably. And so as Justin said, with the demographic growth and we have this window where the supply is baked over a multiyear period and that's going to be baked at low levels, that is a very constructive backdrop for getting back to very positive outcomes, RevPOR growth, occupancy growth, et cetera.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of --
Debra A. Cafaro: That's why we went ahead, for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Hi. Good morning everybody.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Steven Valiquette: So with the New Senior transaction focused mainly on the independent living market, just I am curious to hear just any updated thoughts you have around strategy and senior housing by property type? Are you just thinking about it on memory care versus AL versus IL, we have seen some operators and the large operators talk about some of the biggest gains in occupancy in memory care. I am just curious on your thoughts by property subtype in light of a transaction, how you think about those three areas on the pace of recovery? Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great. And Justin will answer that. Thank you. I mean with the New Senior pro forma, I think we are going to be over 50%, including Canada in the IL products which we really like and it's a less labor intensive model, for example. But we do like the diversification in our enterprise and we also like it within our senior housing portfolio. So I will ask Justin really to describe this strategy and framework that we are thinking about as we build the portfolio with Justin's kind of imprint upon it.
Justin Hutchens: Thanks. So first and foremost, we just wanted to make sure, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks and I like to say this a lot, that we are in the right markets with the right asset and the right operator managing that asset. So that might be memory care, assisted living or independent living, really all the product sites have good characteristics. The assisted living and memory care are more need-driven. You have higher price points. They also do run at tighter cost. And so depending on the RevPOR associated with the products, your margins can vary. But it's a product that does tend to recover quickly. It did after the financial crisis, doing really well after the pandemic so far. So it's great to have exposure as long as you are in the right markets with the right operator to that product. Independent living has a longer length of stay. It also has less new competition facing it. In the case of New Senior, there is extreme affordability relative to an AL product. It's about at least twice as good in terms of, if you are a resident making a choice within your local market for a New Senior independent living versus for AL. So it reaches a broader audience. It also has pricing upside through investments and faces the same strong demographic wave that are subscribing earlier. One other thing about independent living because it faces less new competition, it does have a higher ceiling. Pre-pandemic it was outpacing AL and memory care by about 400 basis points. We don't see any reason why coming out the other side that it doesn't also have higher ceiling moving forward.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Just one other real quick follow-up on New Senior transaction. you have a bullet point above Ventas expecting to make revenue generating capital investments for additional value and opportunities. Just curious to hear more about that and how critical that is as part of the overall transaction?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So this is Justin again. This is a product type that I mentioned that has great characteristics. There are 120 units, large units. If you have been to a holiday community, you have kind of been to all of them because they are exactly the same. Big open floor plan when you walk in. Open dining. There's three stories. And so it lends itself well to redevelopment or refresh investment. And we are happy to be situated in several markets that are great locations or high traffic locations or located close to premium retail. They have strong incoming wealth and aging demographics. So a lot of cases, we think we are pushing out open the door to make additional investments. And the goal, on a targeted basis, is to make investment, support the occupancy growth but also push pricing. So we are in the process of evaluating those opportunities and we will integrate that into our plans over the next couple of few years.
Steven Valiquette: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning. I was just hoping to talk.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I was just hoping to talk a little bit about big picture strategy. Just trying to gauge how much appetite you have to truly meaningfully grow the seniors housing exposure at this point in the cycle, given this nice window you have over the next few years versus kind of the long term stated desire to be diversified across asset types and different products? And so just curious how you are thinking about it given the opportunity set in seniors housing in that nice window for the next couple of years.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, we have definitely put our money where mouth is in terms of the New Senior investment of $2.3 billion and well invested well located senior living. We are excited about that. That will increase our percentage NOI coming from the senior living area and will enable us not only to capture embedded upside in the Ventas portfolio in senior housing but also New Senior. So that's great and we will continue to invest where we think there is good risk adjusted return and upside in the senior living business. We do believe, as you know, in a diversified model and we will continue to invest in other areas of our business that have performed exceedingly well for us and have really proven their value over the last year, because the benefit of diversification really is that, you never know really what the external market and environment are going to throw at you. And these different asset classes are unified by demographic demand that they perform differently in different environments. And we have gotten the benefit of that so much so in the medical office area, the life science area, the hospital area over the last year that we remain of a belief that that is the best profile to deliver the kind of value proposition we want to deliver to our shareholders.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you. Super helpful.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Juan Sanabria: And then just on seniors housing, I guess for Justin. Just curious on the latest thoughts on the flow-through of incremental revenue to the NOI line. And if I could be sneaky just any thoughts on or latest data points on the Delta variant, if there is any implications on operators' visitation policies as a result of the uncertainty in Canada, a very fluid landscape?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So I will start with the flow-through and maybe just kind of refer to it as margin. One thing that's interesting, you can kind of see in the supplemental you will catch this, our operating margin, even on a much lower occupancy right now, is only like a 150 or 200 basis points off of the margin from a year ago on a much higher occupancy. And so margin is kind of hanging in there. We think if you fast forward and get the portfolio back to pre-pandemic occupancy, we think you are very, very close potentially to within 100, 200 basis points of the pre-pandemic margin plus there should be some pricing power plus there should be some more occupancy upside than we were seeing at that time. So we feel good about the flow-through and it's going to be, we are in this period where Atria has one of our best performing operators as I mentioned in terms of occupancy, but they have another 700 basis points to go to get back to where they were pre-pandemic. And during this kind of next wave of occupancy fill that we expect to see the flow-through really increase and margin grow as well. And then the second part of your question is view of the Delta.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, right now it's kind of business as usual. But as I mentioned in my remarks and you clearly understand, there is fluidity and the environment is very dynamic. And so we want to be prudent in our thought process about the third quarter. But right now the communities are all open for new move-ins and visitation and we hope that that continues because the communities are so highly vaccinated and protected. And that is the comfort and the happiness frankly that we have sitting here today that we feel really good about.
Juan Sanabria: Fingers crossed. Good luck everybody.
Debra A. Cafaro: Exactly. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street.
Lukas Hartwich: Thanks. Good morning. Can you provide any color on the in-process senior housing disposition? Just maybe level of ventures? And is there a sense of how pricing compares to pre-COVID levels?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we are making good progress. We have a line of sight to, as Bob said, to the balance of the investments which are composed of medical office and senior housing. And because the outlook for senior housing is very favorable, there is significant interest in the asset class. And we think pricing will be in line with our expectations.
Lukas Hartwich: Great. And then during the quarter, it looked like a tenant exercised a purchase option. Can you provide a sense of how pervasive those types of options are in the portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: They are absolutely de minimis because this is a historical one, frankly, that we got from NHP that is going back to PMB. So this is a long-standing one. We did recognize a very significant gain on the sale which was $30 million or $40 million, I can't remember, on $100 million deal. So that was good. But we have very, very limited purchase options for tenants.
Lukas Hartwich: Great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks Lukas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: Thanks. Good morning. I wondered, just a quick follow-up on the Colony loan investment. Any update there surrounding your expectations? Or the fact that you excluded it from the sales guide in the Q, that you still don't expect it to be repaid?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think the latter. As you know from the Colony call they have moved that portfolio to intended for disposition of the real estate portfolio that is encumbered by our loan and the loan continues to perform well. And my guess would be that and it's only a guess, is that buyer of the real estate portfolio would likely assume the existing capital stack.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Although I guess if it goes to somebody, I mean who looks to parcel off the portfolio or it doesn't mean to own or hold the entire portfolio, there is a possibility that they might have to repay that loan, right? Because it's supported by the entire portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It is supported by the pool portfolio, definitely. And you know it's a very well structured loan. And we always feel good when our loans get repaid even though we have to recycle the capital. But it proves the merits of the investment, if you will. So we are open-minded. I think either way could be favorable for Ventas.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then just as a follow-up relative to one of Pete comments in his closing to his comments he mentioned some of the partners being approached and pursued, the Kindred deal, the Spire portfolio. Any anticipated actions you guys might see within your portfolio as a result of those transactions?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean whenever there is activity there can be opportunity. And we look forward to exploring those kinds of things. We have had a good relationship with Kindred for 22 years and we have done lots of really constructive things together and I would hope that that will continue.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on a good quarter with SHOP. So kind of a broad question here on seniors housing, I mean there has been some real success from the larger operators like Brookdale, Sunrise obviously the merger of Atria and Holiday. It's just kind of I just want to get your perspective on maybe the importance of scale in seniors housing going forward? Historically, scale has not worked out too well versus regional operators in terms of performance. But maybe that's changing. And just wanted to try to get your perspective on that? And maybe how Ventas as a REIT can participate in that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that's a great question. It's clearly from someone who has been around the industry for a long time. As we said, as a third owner of Atria, we do like the combination of the talent, the IL and the AL capabilities coming together on a very advanced platform that Atria has to become the second largest operator. So that can really yield some benefits, I would say, with the data, analytics and technology capabilities and the talent all coming together. So it's more about that than it is about the scale, I would say. There also can be benefits from smaller operators. Justin mentioned, we are going to have some, a new relationship with Hawthorne and those were, as you know, the original Holiday guys, if you will. And I think there are some strong benefits that those local operators can provide as well. So we look forward to having those relationships and building them out as appropriate.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And then I guess the other question, I just wanted to go back to labor. I mean you have heard from some other REITs and operators that may be a lack of labor could slow down occupancy gains at more maybe skilled nursing seems challenging. But kind of wanted to get your thoughts whether there is any limits in terms of near term occupancy momentum that could occur because of the shortage of labor?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Well, I mean again I think we, as a country and we Ventas with our strong second quarter, have a really of what I would call, my mother would call really, a high-class problem. And that is that our economy is recovering and demand is recovering in such a speedy and robust way that both the labor market and the supply chain are having trouble kind of keeping up with it. And that is an environment that we feel very comfortable kind of managing through to the other side, because when you step back, it's really all about that demand, the demographics, building that occupancy and pricing power and capturing that embedded upside in both Ventas senior housing as well as now New Senior. So we would rather have this environment than many others and I think we can successfully really manage through it because of the demand that is right in front of us.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. That's a helpful perspective. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And to the specific question, I mean our communities are able to take residents. There hasn't been any capacity constraint to-date on our ability to accept occupancy.
Daniel Bernstein: All right. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer.
Amanda Sweitzer: Thanks. Good morning. You touched on higher conversion lead sources continuing to recover in your prepared remarks. Can you just expand on where those higher conversion sources are trending today relative to pre-COVID levels? And how much additional upside you think you could realize through those?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. So there's really kind of two things happening. One is the digital footprint that is expanding and then the other is the traditional leads coming back. So referral agencies and Internet-based leads are way over 100%, 150%, 160% of pre-pandemic levels. And so they have played a huge role in driving leads. That's maybe a silver lining that came from the pandemic where it forced operators to invest into that source of referrals and it's a game changer, really. And so we have seen most leads tick up. Now those do convert at a lower rate though, but the more the merrier. So in addition to that, there's three other lead sources. There is respite, professional referrals and personal referrals. Personal referrals in the second quarter for us, we are at 110% of pre-pandemic levels. So those have come roaring back. Professional still down around 74%to 75%. And respite just under that. So there is still a ways to go yet with professional and the respite of to recover which we think is encouraging because the lead levels have been quite strong.
Amanda Sweitzer: Well, that's great and helpful. And then following up on to your expense growth guidance, particularly for the third quarter, just your expectation that increased SHOP expenses will largely offset the increased revenue growth. What did you see in terms of sequential expense growth in July? And how meaningful are the potential COVID-related expenses that you are including in guidance?
Bob Probst: Yes. I will have a go with that one for the third quarter. So you are right to say revenue growth pretty much offset by expense growth. There's a number of different buckets within the expense line, I think, worth highlighting. One is simply an extra day which is meaningful when you think sequentially third quarter versus the second quarter. That has a meaningful impact. The next is, I call it typical seasonal cost increase in the third quarter. Utilities is the easy one. Repairs and maintenance is another. But you see that every third quarter. The third bucket is really a function of occupancy growth and activity levels increasing in the communities. And then obviously you have incremental cost associated with that which is a good thing. And kind of overlaying all of that is, back to this question of short term wage pressure in light of the labor market, which is effectively embedded in the thinking. But there is a series of different buckets that altogether add up to that third quarter expense number.
Amanda Sweitzer: That's helpful. Appreciate the time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Thank you. I guess I just wanted to follow up on that expense question. Maybe if you could just give us a feel for how this is going to work in terms of, as you get increased occupancy in the portfolio, how much of an offset going forward that's going to be from same-store expense growth? Meaning that, if your occupancy instead was up 400 basis points in the third quarter and not 200 basis points, would you then have same-store NOI growth sequentially? Just trying to think about how, as occupancy is going up as well as some of your deflexing of labor that worked on the downside is now, I guess, going against you a bit on the expense side.
Bob Probst: Yes. Nick, I think it's right to say that as occupancy grows you are going to have some level. It's not a perfect linear one-for-one relationship whereby you add occupancy you add a head. It is more of a step-change type function. This always creates a beta as to what level that is. I think, qualitatively, we would tell you we are in that. We are growing labor as we are growing occupancy right now as a consequence of having come out the other side flexing labor, as you say, which should reach a level where then there is some scale advantage, if you like, that you can then hold off until you get to the next level of occupancy. I can't give you a number on that. But we are certainly in that upward trajectory right now.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Yes. I appreciate that. And I guess, just following up --
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, some of it is really related to this mismatch that I discussed in terms of shifting gears in the economy and that should be transitory.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thank you. And then just following up on that. I know earlier, Justin, you were saying about the margin outlook. You thought there's a good chance to get back, I think you said within the 100, 200 basis points of pre-COVID margin as you are building the occupancy back. And I guess the way, is that the right way to think about this that in the meantime, over the next year, you are still going to be about 100, 200 basis points below on margin versus where you were? Because if I look at the third quarter guidance, it does feel like your margins are going to be about 20% in SHOP and the third quarter a year ago was almost 22%. So that kind of fits that piece of still being down a bit which is, maybe it's COVID expenses, it's also, I guess, the RevPOR being down year-over-year.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would, I would kind of stretch out your timing a little further. As Bob mentioned, there is going to be kind of you will have periods we have revenue increase and a little bit of expense catch up. Debbie mentioned that the near term out as a transitory effect as well. So if you kind of push out the timetable away and we don't really have the crystal ball in terms of when we stabilize. But I was thinking more on a stabilized basis. We get there to that pre-pandemic occupancy margins should be within reach of where they were and then from there the pricing power and the occupancy upside for even higher margins over time. So that's all I was saying. And I didn't really mean to kind of pin it as kind of a near term picture, except to say that our margins in Q2 were only like 150, 200 basis points off of the year ago.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thank you everyone.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks so much. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. So I guess, Justin, going back to sort of the occupancy increase near term but also maybe over the next 12 to 18 months. So first, I guess if I look at your slide and look at the lead volumes very recently, they are over 100% of 2019 and your move-outs are trending lower and certainly the leads are higher than the last few months or the second quarter numbers. So why would the occupancy uptick just be similar to what you saw, in your view, in the second quarter? Why wouldn't the midpoint of your guidance be the low point because your leads are just higher than what you have seen in the last, call it. four months?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, this is Debbie. You know again in July, well, first of all, we are really happy that leads in July are the highest they have been since beginning of the pandemic. That is a very important and meaningful statistic. And certainly portends to me, it means there's demand and it portends higher occupancy. So that is really good, as you say. In July, as we have talked about, we had spot-to-spot growth of about 75 basis points. And you know there is a lot of uncertainty in the environment. So if you just rolled that forward, that's near the midpoint of the 150 to 250. And that's how our guidance is constructed.
Vikram Malhotra: Got it. Okay. No, I mean you are right, like the July lead should translate into whatever August, September. I don't think it's more than that in terms of conversion time. But it just feels like the setup is one for, you would pretty easily get to your mid to maybe even the high end of your number of your occupancy guide. And I guess just tied to that, lot of smaller operators surveyed by Nick, do have a view that they could get back to pre-COVID occupancy next year. I wanted to just ask you from your perspective, like, do you think that's too optimistic? What's your sort of broad view on the puts and takes? I recognize the strategy that's different in terms of occupancy versus rent, et cetera, but where do you think, A, do you think those smaller operators are maybe too bullish? Or what are the puts and takes?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean the pace and slope of the recovery and the clinical environment broadly in the U.S. is really going to determine how quickly we get back to that pre-pandemic occupancy levels. We are on a good path. I think it's very sustainable. It has been so far. And we are very encouraged by that as well as the demographic growth that's right in front of us. I think Justin mentioned Atria had about, what, 700 basis points of occupancy to continue to get back to pre-pandemic levels. And again, it's really going to depend upon this, we were predicting the third quarter, we have visibility and line of sight to that. And thereafter I think we want to be conscious that it continues to be a pretty dynamic environment. So we are encouraged and I hope you are right about many of the things that you said, Vikram.
Vikram Malhotra: Debbie, if I can just -- sorry, go ahead.
Justin Hutchens: I was just trying to say things to kind of support that. So right, as we currently sit, we only have just around or just about 20% of our communities that are at the pre-pandemic occupancy. Over 60% are achieving pre-pandemic move-in levels. So we have great activity. And we are really pleased with this early recovery. But we have a long way to go and so far really good support for it. But there is still a ways to go yet.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. Great. Debbie, if I can just squeeze one bigger picture question. I am struck now by how the Big 3 Healthcare REITs are now different from maybe several years ago they were. There were lot more similarity. You have strong momentum in the life science, research segment. Obviously senior housing, there's a lot of momentum as you have just laid out on this call. I am just wondering and from a strategic and maybe a differentiation of that even value perspective, the MOB segment there seems to be a lot of demand on the private side. Cap rates are really low, pretty good. I know maybe three years ago, you set out to maybe sell, correct me if I am wrong, I think it was $600 million, $700 million of assets. Why is this not a good time to maybe exit a fair amount of MOBs and become more pure-play, I guess or focused on two segments, life science and senior housing?
Debra A. Cafaro: Love the question. Thank you. Again we do believe that we have created a lot of value with our MOB portfolio as you point out. We have a differentiated strategy with our Lillibridge management platform that Pete runs and that's going really well. We have mentioned, that is part of the $1 billion of 2021 capital recycling that is MOBs and senior housing. So you are right on there, I do think that we have benefited from the stability of the cash flows at the MOBs with our strategy of being on campus and affiliated. And I think you are right that it has very low cap rate, but it also provides a really good differentiated and diversifying aspect to our overall cash flow stream. And so we like that. So we will trim here and there. We will recycle capital. We will take advantage of some of the value that we have created. But we really believe that owning the MOB business as we do is a benefit to our shareholders.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. I will follow up on that offline, but thanks so much and have a great weekend.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Rich Anderson: Well, I am sorry to keep you going. I logged in about two hours ago and found out it didn't take for some reason. So one question from me.
Debra A. Cafaro: It might be you.
Rich Anderson: Yes. Fat fingers or something, I don't know.
Debra A. Cafaro: You are welcome.
Rich Anderson: The one question I have or that I will ask in the interest of time is, concentration risk. With Atria following new Holiday and following their own merger with Holiday, gets over 20% depending on how you slice it. I am curious how much of that is an issue to you and how quickly, you would like to whittle that down through other investments outside of it? The idea of concentration in the past, at the time, sounds good and I recognize Atria is a great operator. But people have come to regret concentration risks as time has moved on. So I am curious if that's something that's sort of high on your radar screen to get back down to something in the mid teens or something like that over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Rich, thank you for asking that because that has always been something that is near and dear to my heart. And there is always this tension, as you mentioned, between really putting your assets with the right operator, the right markets and certainly the best operators. And Atria has been that. Holiday has been a leading operator. So there is a tension between that and making sure you don't put all your eggs in one basket and you manage your concentration wisely. And so we do think that the combination of Atria and Holiday provides the strategic benefits to us as an owner of Atria. And we like that. We like the growth in Atria's platform. That having been said, I think we do have a lot of flexibility in the New Senior management contracts and our own Holiday contracts that gives us the ability through both growth and the way the management contracts are structured to move in the right direction on the diversification of manager point.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Debra A. Cafaro: So we have all the tools we need to manage it in the right way.
Rich Anderson: What's your like long term, is this is much of I want to own or have a piece of my pie? Is it 10% or 15%? Is that the kind of the threshold for Ventas?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, it will change over time and with specific situations. But that seems directionally you know the right kind of way to think about it.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other audio questions at this time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, thank you all for sticking with us and for your interest in Ventas. We really appreciate it. We are so delighted with a great quarter of health and safety and results and we look forward to seeing you all in person soon. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ventas First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Sarah Whitford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sarah Whitford: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas first quarter financial results conference call. Earlier this morning, we issued our first quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Sarah. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas first quarter 2021 earnings call. Let me start by saying that we believe the macro environment and the Ventas outlook have turned an important corner and that the worst of the pandemic is behind us. You have no idea how good it feels to say those words, even though we recognize that significant uncertainty remains. The whole Ventas team is actively engaged in taking steps to win the recovery for our stakeholders. These steps include making smart portfolio and capital allocation decisions, capturing the embedded upside in our high-quality senior housing portfolio, focusing on operational excellence and initiatives, investing in value-creating development and acquisition opportunities across our demographically-driven asset classes, attracting diverse, attractive capital, and maintaining financial strength and flexibility. I also think it’s important to reiterate our gratitude and optimism. The widespread administration and efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines have dramatically benefited the health and wellbeing of our senior residents and their caregivers, and also laid the foundation for sustained economic recovery. Let me first address senior housing trends and results. With respect to health and safety, I’m thrilled to report that our confirmed new resident cases in SHOP have fallen to literally a single person per day out of a resident population of 40,000. And all our communities are now open to new move-ins and most have reintroduced expanded visitation and communal activities. As a result, the natural, resilient and demographically-based demand for senior living has revised, and we’ve reached the cyclical pandemic occupancy bottom in our SHOP portfolio in mid-March. Since then, led by our U.S. SHOP community, which posted 280 basis points of growth, we grew SHOP spot occupancy 190 basis points through April 30th to nearly 78%. Our Canadian SHOP portfolio, which has maintained occupancy of over 91%, tempered the full SHOP occupancy growth because Canadian clinical conditions and regulatory measures are currently lagging those in the U.S. We do expect those to catch up over time. Notably, for the whole portfolio, March and April were the first two consecutive months when SHOP move-ins exceeded both, pre-pandemic move-in levels and move-outs since the start of the pandemic. In fact, move-ins during April at 1,880 totaled more move-ins in a single month than we’ve experienced at any time since June 2019. While many of these positive trends began in the first quarter and therefore did not fully benefit first quarter results, we are also pleased with those results. Our first quarter normalized FFO per share and SHOP performance came in ahead of our expectations. And our SHOP occupancy gains were at or above those reported by other market participants to date. The resilient and robust demand we are seeing for senior housing once again validates the need-based nature of our communities and the crucial role care providers play in facilitating longer, healthier lives for this portion of the nation’s population, which is set to grow by over 2 million individuals over just the next few years. Supply trends in senior housing are also highly favorable. This combination of growing demographic demand and constrained supply creates a favorable backdrop for senior housing recovery, which represents an incredibly significant value-creation opportunity for our shareholders. The high quality of our senior housing portfolio, as Justin will describe, makes us well-positioned to recapture NOI and realize this upside. Turning to our capital allocation approach, we are confident of our ability to recycle about $1 billion through property dispositions in the second half of this year, and those are expected to enhance our enterprise. On the investment side, our attractive life science, research and innovation business continues to provide us with value-creating opportunities to invest capital. The Ventas portfolio, which now exceeds 9 million square feet, is located in three of the top five cluster markets and is affiliated with over 15 of the nation’s top research universities. We are also investing in our active and just delivered ground-up developments in life science, research and innovation, which totaled nearly $1 billion in project costs. And I’m pleased to report that we also have another $1 billion in potential projects affiliated with major universities, right behind the four developments currently underway. We look forward to sharing more information on our exciting development pipeline with you, later this year. We recently expanded our life sciences business through our investment in a Class A portfolio of life science assets anchored by Johns Hopkins Medical, which we purchased at an attractive valuation of $600 per square foot. Located in the fourth largest life science cluster in the U.S., Hopkins is a global leader in research and medicine and the number one recipient of government research funding. This acquisition leverages our unique expertise at the intersection of universities, life sciences and academic medicine. In addition, we continue to invest capital in senior housing with our partner, Le Groupe Maurice in Quebec. LGM maintains a first-class brand, product and financial model for success. Our two most recently completed high-end communities with LGM opened in the fourth quarter and have already achieved 87% occupancy. We have three additional developments underway with LGM, representing nearly $300 million in aggregate project costs. Looking at the broader investment market, deal volume is again trending toward normalized levels. In a typical year, our deal team reviews over $30 billion in investment opportunities. Our pipeline of potential investments across our asset classes is active and growing, and we are on our front foot from an external growth standpoint. We have access to significant liquidity and a wide array of capital sources to fund deals. Our investment philosophy continues to be focused on growing reliable cash flow and favorable risk-adjusted return, taking into account factors such as market position and trajectory of the asset and business, cost per square footer unit, downside protection and ultimate potential for cash flow growth and asset appreciation. In closing, we believe we’ve turned an important corner. And key metrics in our business are showing meaningful improvement. The positive investment thesis for all of our demographically driven asset classes and for Ventas is pointing firmly positive. As a team at Ventas, we’re really happy about the strength and stability we’ve shown and the recent upswing in economic, clinical and operating environment. We have an abiding commitment to win the recovery for all our stakeholders, and we are confident we’re taking the right steps to do so. Thank you. Now to Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I am very excited that senior housing recovery is underway. As we’ve mentioned before, the lifestyle offering in our communities will be a leading indicator of performance. Now that vaccines have been executed, activities are picking up again, communal dining is coming back and all of our communities are open to visitation from relatives, the underlying demand for our services should continue to strengthen. As we have visited communities recently, the enthusiasm expressed by residents, their relatives and employees is compelling as communities are literally coming back to life again. As Debbie noted, we are pleased with the improvement in leading indicators in occupancy as our move-in and move-out performance in March and April resulted in 266 and 363 net move-ins, respectively. We expect occupancy improvements benefiting from a return to 2019 move-in levels, while at the same time, move-outs to be lower than 2019 levels due to lower current occupancy levels. If we use the move-out rate as a percentage of the resident population from 2019 and apply that percentage to the current lower resident occupancy, the outcome is lower move-outs than pre-pandemic levels. That, in combination with a 2019 move-in run rate, results in projected net positive occupancy gains. I refer to this as the "turn the lights on" scenario, where we simply get the structural benefit from this netting effect. Having said that, March and April, both performed well above this baseline, as we started to see a resurgence of high-converting lead sources, which include respites and personal referrals. As these lead sources and professional referrals continue to recover, we could see move-in rates grow. Moving on to macro drivers. We remain optimistic on our long-term supply and demand outlook. Construction starts continued to decelerate in the first quarter to the lowest level since the first quarter of 2011, and were down 77% from the peak in the fourth quarter of 2017. Fewer starts should translate into materially lower deliveries in 2022 and 2023. In addition, we expect strong demographic tailwinds to provide support for occupancy growth. The 80-plus population is expected to grow 17% over the next five years, more than double the rate witnessed during the five-year recovery following the financial crisis. I’ll comment on our SHOP portfolio. When I joined Ventas just over a year ago, one of my first priorities was to assess the overall quality of our portfolio. Now that we are traveling again and visiting communities, I’m pleased to verify we benefit from a well-invested, highly diversified portfolio of market-leading senior housing communities with service offerings that range from an active adult, independent living, social assisted living, and assisted living and memory care. We are well located in high-barrier markets that have substantial income and wealth demographics to support our offering. Our three primary operators, Le Groupe Maurice, Sunrise and Atria, are each uniquely positioned to be competitive within their respective markets. Collectively, they account for 90% of our SHOP NOI on a stabilized basis. With these attributes of a high-quality portfolio in mind, moving forward, we are actively reviewing opportunities to optimize our portfolio through pruning, strategic CapEx investment, transitioning communities, new developments and pursuing new acquisitions to maintain our strong market position in senior housing. Moving on to triple-net senior housing. Given the proactive measures taken last year where we addressed a substantial portion of our portfolio and additionally paired with government subsidies and other tenant resources, our tenants continue to pay, as expected, in the first quarter and through April. Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rent. Our trailing 12 cash flow coverage for senior housing, which is reported one quarter in arrears, is 1.3 times and stable versus the prior quarter. I’ll summarize by expressing our enthusiasm around our strong leading indicators, high-quality portfolio of communities and operators. I have a high confidence in our ability to compete in what should be a very exciting period of recovery for the senior housing sector. With that, I’ll hand the call to Pete.
Peter Bulgarelli: Thanks, Justin. I’ll cover the office and health care triple-net segments. Together, these segments represent over 50% of Ventas’ NOI. They continue to produce solid and reliable results. First, I’ll cover office. The core office portfolio, ex parking, performed well. Core office grew 1.7% year-on-year and 1.1% sequentially. Those results were tempered by lower parking activity, which I’m pleased to say is materially increasing. All-in, the office portfolio delivered $123 million of same-store cash NOI in the first quarter. This represents an 80 basis-point reported sequential growth. In terms of rent collections, our strong record continued during the quarter and into April. This outstanding record is enabled by the mission-critical nature of our portfolio and our high-quality creditworthy tenancy. In our medical office portfolio, 88% of our NOI comes from investment-grade rated tenants and HCA. In our life sciences portfolio, 76% of our revenues come directly from investment-grade rated organizations and publicly traded companies. All of our MOB properties are in elective surgery restriction-free locations and clinical activity and building utilization is rebounding. A clinical rebound provides confidence to health care executives in making business decisions. We’re certainly seeing that on the real estate side. As an example, we are finishing negotiations on a 10-year 160,000 square foot renewal with a 16,000 square foot expansion with a leading health system in the southeast. And another example. We relocated and extended several hospital offices on a Midwestern campus to accommodate the addition of a 50,000 square foot health care-focused technical college. The leases will commence in July, a win for the health system, the college and Ventas. Medical office had record level retention of 91% for the first quarter and 86% for the trailing 12 months. Driven by this retention, total office leasing was nearly 1 million square feet for the quarter. This includes 160,000 square feet of new leasing. The result is that MOB occupancy stayed essentially flat, down only 10 basis points for the quarter, both sequentially and year-on-year. Previous actions to bolster leasing are clearly showing results. In 2019, we hired a head of leasing. In 2020, we hired a digital marketing lead. In 2020, we redeployed 30% of our third-party brokers. And in 2020, we increased the number of third-party brokers by 70% to impact the local coverage. Our digital marketing program focused on local market awareness and virtual touring of vacant suites is fully in place and making a difference. Average length of term for new leases was 7.3 years, 5 months higher than the 2019 average. Renewal term length also exceeded 2019 averages. Average escalators for new leasing was 2.7%, higher than our average in-place escalator of 2.4%. All of this represents growing health care community confidence in the recovery. I’d also like to highlight our pre-leasing construction initiative. This is where we take a vacant suite where it is difficult to visualize this future potential and either demolish the in-place improvements to Core and Shell or complete a hospital standard physician suite in advance of leasing. We’ve invested over $2 million in a pilot across 20 suites. The results have been fantastic. These projects have driven 20 basis points of occupancy and created a nearly 20% return on investment. Because of these results, we intend to expand this program later this year. We remain enthusiastic about the office business and particularly investment opportunities in the R&I space. We continue to make progress on our recently announced $2 billion pipeline of development opportunities with Wexford. We’ve publicly announced four projects in that pipeline, Arizona State University in Phoenix, which opened in the fourth quarter and is soon to be over 70% leased. Drexel University College of Nursing in Philadelphia is 100% leased. The project, in partnership with the University of Pittsburgh for immunotherapy is 70% preleased. And our new development in the thriving uCity submarket of Philadelphia between Penn and Drexel is showing strong pre-leasing activity. Since the acquisition of our South San Francisco life science trophy asset, we have renewed several tenants and have driven occupancy to 100%. In some cases, the mark-to-market has exceeded 30%. At our newest life sciences acquisition on the Johns Hopkins Campus in Baltimore, we are in lease negotiations to take the buildings from 96% to 100% occupancy. Demand far exceeds our current capacity. Now, let’s turn to health care triple net. During the first quarter, our health care triple-net assets showed continued strength and reliability with 100% rent collections in April and May. Trailing 12-month EBITDARM cash flow coverage through 12/31 improved sequentially for all of our health care triple-net asset classes. Acute care hospitals’ trailing 12-month coverage was a strong 3.5 times in the fourth quarter, a 20 basis-point sequential improvement. Ardent has performed extremely well in this dynamic market. IRF and LTAC coverage improved 10 basis points to 1.7 times in the first quarter, buoyed by strong business results and government funding. Census levels were high at year-end and continued into the first quarter. During this period, Kindred has been able to demonstrate their expertise in treating complex respiratory disorders to their health system partners. Regarding our loan portfolio, it is fully current. Finally, a word of thanks to our frontline workers who have kept our facilities open and safe during this last year. They are our heroes. We are relieved that now, protected by the vaccine, they can do their jobs with peace of mind and in safety. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thanks Pete. In my remarks today, I’ll cover our first quarter results, our expectations for the second quarter of 2021 and our recent liquidity, balance sheet and capital activities. Let’s start with our results in the first quarter. Ventas reported first quarter net income of minus $0.15 per share, driven by noncash charges in the quarter as we transferred assets to held for sale. Normalized funds from operations in the first quarter was $0.72 per share, a $0.01 beat versus the high end of our prior guidance range of $0.66 to $0.71. As previously communicated and included in our Q1 guidance range, we received $0.04 in HHS Grants in SHOP in Q1. Adjusted for these grants, Q1 FFO per share was $0.68. As expected, office and triple-net contributed stable sequential NOI performance in the first quarter. Q1 outperformance was driven by better occupancy and lower-than-expected operating expenses in SHOP. As a result, same-store SHOP NOI declined sequentially by 8% in the second quarter versus the first. Turning to our Q2 guidance. Second quarter net income is estimated to range from flat to $0.07 per fully diluted share. Our guidance range for normalized FFO for Q2 is $0.67 to $0.71 per share. The Q2 FFO midpoint of $0.69 is $0.01 higher sequentially than the first quarter results due to an improving SHOP trajectory, after adjusting for HHS Grants in both periods. Key second quarter assumptions underlying our guidance are as follows. Starting with SHOP. Q2 spot occupancy from March 31st to June 30th is forecast to increase between 150 to 250 basis points, with the midpoint assuming the occupancy improvement in March and April, continues through May and June. Sequential SHOP revenue is expected to grow modestly as a result of occupancy gains. While operating expenses, excluding HHS grants, are forecast to be flat with lower COVID costs, offsetting higher costs due to increased occupancy, higher community activity levels and an additional day in the second quarter. Finally, we’ve not included the receipts of HHS Grants in SHOP in our Q2 guidance. In our Office and Triple-net segments, we expect stable NOI in Q2 relative to Q1. And finally, we continue to assume $1 billion in proceeds from property dispositions in the back half of 2021. I’d like to underscore that we’re still in a highly uncertain environment. Though trends in SHOP are positive, the pandemic’s impact on our business remain very difficult to predict. I’ll close our prepared remarks with our liquidity, balance sheet and capital activity. We continue to enjoy robust liquidity with $2.7 billion as of May 5th. Notably, in the first quarter, we renewed our revolver at better pricing and improved our near-term maturity profile by fully repaying $400 million of senior notes due 2023. In terms of capital structure, we maintained total debt to gross asset value at 37% in the first quarter. Q1 net debt-to-EBITDA was 7.1 times, as EBITDA continued to feel the impacts of COVID in the quarter. We expect net debt-to-EBITDA will reach its peak in the first half of ‘21 and then begin to improve in the second half as senior housing rebounds and we reduce debt with asset sales. On behalf of all my colleagues, Ventas is committed to continuing to take the actions to win the post-pandemic recovery, which finally is appearing in our sights. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we’re limiting each caller to two questions to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer with Baird.
Amanda Sweitzer: Thanks. Good morning. You highlighted the opportunity for further improvement in move-ins as higher conversion lead sources and respite stays return. Can you quantify that opportunity at all? Where could it take your conversion rate or index move-ins?
Debra A. Cafaro: Amanda, this is Debbie. Good morning. I just want to welcome you. I think, this is your first time participating in our call. And we want to welcome you. But, I’ll turn the hard work over to Justin to answer your question.
Justin Hutchens: I’m going to ask you to turn to page 10 of our business update, if you have it handy, where we articulate our lead in move-in and move-out and calling them this time in the prepared remarks. And what I’d like to highlight is that the typical primary driver of lead conversion comes from professional and personal referrals. That’s historically been a very strong driver. Throughout the pandemic, the business has been resilient. It’s benefited from leads driven through company internet. It’s been benefited from leads driven through referral agencies. Those referral sources should persist. But, what we’re looking to see come back and what has started to come back are those other referral sources. It’s personal and professional referrals, which convert at 20% to 25% each versus the overall 10% conversion rate that we experienced, plus respites. But to put all this together, respites have -- during the pandemic, ran at about a 25% of prepandemic level run rate. They’re back to 50% now. Personal referrals ran at 50% to 60%. They’re back to 94% now. Those will grow because that’s simply residents and relatives referring their friends, which is phenomenal. And that will grow as our occupancy grows. And then, professional referrals, if you want a leading indicator for that category, look toward health care activity. As health care and skilled nursing picks up, that’s a driver of professional referrals. And those are still running at only 50%. So, given that and given where our performance is and the strong net activity we have, we do feel comfortable that there’s opportunity for more move-ins over time. And that’s why we’ve highlighted that. We could see a pickup in 10%, 20% of our move-in volume over time as those leads come back. And we started to see it come back. You’ll notice on the slide that we highlighted Q1, and we know that in March and April that there’s -- particularly respites and the personal referrals are playing a bigger role in leads and therefore driving more move-ins.
Amanda Sweitzer: Thanks for that detail. That’s helpful. And then, following up, could you talk more about trends you’re seeing within U.S. SHOP specifically across the productivity levels, either in terms of occupancy improvement or movements relative to 2019? Have you seen a return of a more lifestyle-driven customer in the U.S?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I can tell you that independent living performed well throughout the pandemic and continues to perform well. We have a strong concentration of independent living and social assisted living, which is otherwise known as AL Light. They have played a big role in the recovery that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. There’s also a little bit of a geographic lift from the southern part of the United States, where they had 340 basis points growth relative to the 280 that Debbie reported over that time period from the -- part of March to the end of April, so. But, I think the bigger point is that across the U.S., it’s really every asset class and geography is contributing to the recovery thus far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, Rich. This is not your first for Ventas. So, welcome, too, also.
Rich Anderson: Yes. Actually, it is my 100th earnings season, a few of us on the call.
Debra A. Cafaro: Congratulations.
Rich Anderson: So, on the disposition side and maybe a more broad kind of discussion is on your view of senior housing. Obviously, you’re getting more excited about it. But, there was a period of time where you were making it clear that your area of growth for the Company was much more aligned with life science and medical office. With what you’re seeing now in terms of recovery, has that mindset sort of meaningfully changed? And when you look at dispositions, where will that come out of in terms of how the pie chart might look down the road?
Debra A. Cafaro: Great. Well, in the dispositions, we’ve commented that we expect it to be a combination of office and senior housing. And again, Justin is here to exercise his professional judgment in terms of how we can make dispositions, enhance our portfolio. And so, a year later, he’s finally getting to that. But Justin, I don’t know what you’ve been doing in between now and then. But, he’s finally -- so that’s how we’re looking at the disposition side. And then, on the investment side, I would say, clearly, our priorities have been the Le Groupe Maurice ground-up development, which is a great business model and has done consistently really well. It’s been, obviously, the life science with the South San Francisco and Hopkins investments, as well as the ground-up developments that our opening kind of seriatim here with the pipeline behind that. And of course, we continue to look at other health care asset classes and senior housing. So, I think we really are on our front foot across our asset classes, Rich.
Rich Anderson: I guess, the question is, is senior housing a bigger piece of the puzzle two, three years out, now that you’re seeing what you’re seeing? That’s the crux of the question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I believe, first of all, the most important embedded upside that we have in the Company is recapturing and exceeding prior levels of NOI. And as I mentioned, we have every opportunity to do so. And then, of course, on the investment side, you could see external growth coming from that as well.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And just a quick one. On the triple net number, down 13%, you kind of listed a few good things on the IRF and LTAC side and the hospital side. What was it? What’s the noise in that number that created that 13% downward number on a same-store basis year-over-year? Since you’re just collecting rent.
Bob Probst: I’ll take that one, Rich. That’s the Brookdale restructure we did, as you know, in the second half of last year. So, you’ve seen that lap.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And even though -- yes, as you recall, we essentially collected 2.5 years’ worth of full rent upfront. It gets run through the financial statements differently. And just a gratuitous comment, we’re very pleased to see how Brookdale’s reported numbers today and glad we have the warrants.
Rich Anderson: Yes. I guess, I was asking, again, my question is, like what would that 13 be if you normalize those types of things out? That’s what I’m asking.
Bob Probst: Well, normalized for the big rocks that we addressed last year, you’ll see escalator type growth, Rich, it’s the nature of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: My question really comes back to the move-ins. And Justin, I wanted to come back to your comments about the "turn the lights on" scenario. So, if you look across the portfolio, what would that scenario -- and you overlay sort of what happened in 2019, right? So, the 2019 move-ins and then 2019 move-outs as a percent of in-place occupancy. What does that suggest net absorption could look like in 2021?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Just basically turning the lights on, as I described it, you show up to work, based on that structural advantage, 30, 40 basis points a month. Obviously, we’re performing well above that for the reasons I described earlier.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, maybe as a follow-up non-sequitur, on the sort of investment opportunity that you guys are seeing. Where would you say it’s more heavily weighted right now? I know you guys have flagged some of the R&I opportunity. But, is there more development to come there, or is it more of an acquisition story?
Debra A. Cafaro: It’s both. I think, it will be a mixture of the ground-up development in senior housing, as we talked about, as well as life science and research and innovation. And we’ve always been an effective consolidator as we’ve grown, and we’re starting to see that deal volume as we talked about. And so, I would expect there to be acquisitions as well, Jordan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Maybe following up on the expected dispositions. Where are those assets right now in terms of marketing and just being identified?
Debra A. Cafaro: They’re in the pipeline at different stages. Some are already kind of out there, others are almost out there, and others are kind of on the way. So, it’s a going through the system.
Bob Probst: We’re reiterating, Nick, that we expect to close, to get the proceeds in the back half of the year. So, it gives you a sense that they’re well underway in many cases.
Nick Joseph: And then, maybe just on senior housing. You’ve obviously talked a lot about the forward demand drivers and the demographics. Just from an industry perspective though, when would you expect starts to start to accelerate? Obviously, they’re well down from their previous peak. But just given kind of the forward runway that you and the industry is looking at, when would you expect that to attract additional development starts?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we are evaluating that closely. And I would say that it is a matter of judgment and experience to make such a prediction. Here’s what’s interesting. Again, starts are dramatically better in the sense that, as Justin said, the first quarter was down gigantically from the peak, and then the lowest level since 2011. So that’s really, really good. We know that really when you look forward in the near term that the most important thing is even if over the next couple of years things start to get on the drawing board, you’re going to have this window of opportunity where you’re going to have 3% to 4% CAGR on over 80 population, which ultimately spikes in 26, 27, over 6%, as you know. And you’re going to have this window of time where the kind of embedded communities are going to have some really great supply-demand tailwinds in this sort of intermediate term. So, hard to say when they would pick up again. We know there are increased construction costs. We know there are supply chain issues. Those will probably delay some of the things that that would start. And we also know that rents right now may not be supportive of those higher construction costs. So, when you put all those things together, we like the forward runway as we come out of -- we really emerge post-pandemic into the recovery.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: I’m going to stick with seniors housing here. So, I was listening to the Brookdale call this morning, they indicated that they were looking at maybe more flat margins in 2Q and then a ramp-up in the second half of the year. So, I was trying to, I guess, pick your brains and how you’re thinking about the margin ramp in seniors housing might look like, given trends in occupancy?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Hi, it’s Justin. You would definitely expect to see the NOI growth really lag the occupancy. Revenue comes first and then there’s a dynamic occurring now where you have COVID expenses should come down and then some of the operating expenses will come back up. Obviously, the second quarter has an extra day in it. So, there’s some little extra expense coming from that. But as you run forward, you would see margin as kind of the lagging -- the last lagging performance metric.
Daniel Bernstein: And then, maybe a related question is, how are you thinking about pricing power in the industry? Historically, we’ve had to be at 85 -- upper 80s of occupancy to see pricing matching inflation. Have the dynamics changed at all in terms of the industry’s focus on acuity that might allow pricing power earlier than previous cycles?
Justin Hutchens: Well, I would say that we get the advantage of the highly leveraged business on the way up. So, it’s really a volume game right now, and operators are using discounting price incentives to try to encourage volume. And we would definitely expect that to continue for a period of time. One thing -- just two months into this recovery though that we’re starting to hear is more selectivity around discounting, focusing in on certain markets and -- but until we start to see consistent recovery and occupancy get a little higher, I would expect price to be a sole operator used to go for volume.
Debra A. Cafaro: And as you know, once we build the volume, we get the benefit of the in-place increases when you turn the page to 2022. And we have really been able to see pretty strong pricing power in that environment, even this January 1. And so that’s really where you start to accrete in terms of the benefit of the volume that Justin is talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital.
Juan Sanabria: A question for Justin. You’ve been in the seat about a year now. Curious if you’ve changed the approach or the management of an asset management perspective of the seniors housing business, whether it’s by a geography or partner or things you’ve stamped on the enterprise? And then, kind of secondly or related to that, I noticed you didn’t necessarily call out Eclipse at one of your top operators that constitute 90% of the SHOP that constitute 90% of the SHOP business. You’ve previously talked about joint venture in that. Is that something that’s still on the table, or are you thinking about that relationship?
Justin Hutchens: Hi, Juan. I’ll start with the first question. In 2020, the pandemic really drove the priorities. One thing that we did want to make sure though is that we had adequate resources and attention on the triple-net priorities, and we addressed a lot in 2020. Now, we’re moving to recovery. So, we certainly have resources focused on supporting our operators through the recovery and taking some of the portfolio of actions that I described in my remarks. In regards to Eclipse, there’s really the three operators I highlighted were Sunrise, Atria and Le Groupe Maurice. Together, on a stabilized basis, that’s 90% of our business. Eclipse is in the 10%, along with a handful of others.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And I’m just curious on the move-in data, what is the data analytics telling you about the acuity level of the people coming in? Are you seeing pent-up demand, presumably some level given you’re over 100% of what you saw in ‘19? And what does the data history suggests in terms of what that may do to the length of stay, if in fact, you’re seeing higher acuity coming in?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. That’s a great question. Throughout the past 12 months, we’ve actually seen length of stay go up. And part of the driver of that was that reduced respite business that I described earlier. So, length of stay has gone up a little bit. It will come down a little bit as we bring more short-term stays back into the pipeline. In regards to pent-up demand, the -- if you look at the leads, it’s page 9 of the business update, you’ll notice that leads are at about 104%. When we think about pent-up demand, I think of 120%, 130%, some big number that’s lined up, and we really just look at it as demand, and demand that’s not even fully supported by traditional lead sources. So, not so much pent up. But certainly, we’re pleased with the recovery thus far. And one other thing I’d mention is that as we’ve spoken with operators, they’re not having leads come to the doorstep and say, I’ve been waiting for the vaccine or I’ve been waiting to make this decision. We actually had quite a bit of activity throughout pandemic. And if you normalize it for the communities that were closed, it was pretty consistent. So, we’re just seeing the community is open again and some lead sources come back and providing demand for our service.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. And thanks for all the data on the -- on, I think, slide 8, 9 and 10, a lot of useful information. Maybe just first one on the -- just going back to the margin and the expense side, maybe Justin, if you can walk us through how operators are prepping for this potential increase over 2Q and potentially 3Q from a labor perspective and all the other sort of bigger line items in terms of food and maybe even PPE. Just, like how have the operators already staffed up? Do we anticipate margins inflecting in near term, at least? And then, if you could just extend that to talk about labor?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yes. So, in the near term, margins, we expect to be relatively flat because in total expenses, we have COVID coming down, we have other operating expenses coming up. If you look ahead at our quarter, we’re projecting around $7.5 million of expense growth. Half of that’s just an extra day in the quarter. The rest is a mix of just labor costs and other expenses. So it’s not really a big mover in the near term. And then, after -- as we get into more occupancy recovery, of course, we would expect expenses to lift a bit, but we would expect a very high margin on that incremental revenue.
Vikram Malhotra: And then, maybe just, Debbie, bigger picture. Given this recovery and the potential now you’re citing over a multiyear period, maybe give us some color on whether you’re maybe rethinking the acquisition focus in terms of buckets. Is there an opportunity for Ventas to get more aggressive on senior housing in certain areas, or are you sticking sort of a more balanced approach?
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we do highly subscribe to the benefits of diversification, Vikram. It has served us incredibly well over the years and particularly over the last year. We have always been big believers in the senior living business. We’re excited that we have this recovery upside opportunity embedded in our portfolio now, and we intend to capture that. And also, we totally do intend to invest and acquire senior housing, assuming we find assets of equality and in markets where we think it’s really going to provide good risk-adjusted return. But yes, we would certainly expect to have that in our acquisition buckets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street.
Lukas Hartwich: Thanks. So, when it comes to capital allocation, can you just provide an update on the house view on senior housing development in the U.S.? I’m just curious what the opportunity set looks like in terms of size and maybe returns.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we talked about it a little bit. And good morning and welcome to you also. We talked about it a little bit. Construction costs are relatively high. We do know we have the growth in the 80-plus population, which is really fueling this demographic demand that we have. And right now, I think really with the existing investment basis that we have in senior housing, again, the big opportunity is to recover that. There is an opportunity to invest in this great business model that we have in Canada with LGM. We certainly would look at senior housing ground-up development in the U.S. because we do think there’s -- because of the demand. But from a cost standpoint, I think we -- as we discussed, I think you’d have to be cautious to make sure that the returns penciled out commensurate with the risk.
Lukas Hartwich: That’s helpful. And then, on the disposition guidance. When it comes to the SHOP, I’m just curious how you’re thinking about selling now versus waiting to let the story on fundamentals improve in that business?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Very important question. Justin, why don’t you address that?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So, one of the big priorities is to make sure that we’re well positioned for recovery. I mentioned some of the operators. There’s certainly communities that have probably less potential to contribute to the recovery or maybe may not be a long-term fit for us or maybe a better fit in the hands of a different operator. And so, there’s a lot of review underway and actions that we’re considering that should net really positive in terms of the overall quality and growth of our portfolio.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: So, just using round numbers here. Well, first, my question also relates to the operating leverage within the SHOP portfolio that was touched on earlier. Just using round numbers, you lost about 1,000 bps of occupancy, close to 1,000 bps of NOI margin when we take stimulus out of the equation. That’s pretty much in line with the industry averages. You did talk about the lag in the NOI margin recovery versus occupancy recovery this year in ‘21. But over the next few years, should we assume that the SHOP NOI margins ultimately get back to that 29% to 30% range that we saw in 2019 pre-pandemic? Just want to confirm the longer-term view around that dynamic. Thanks.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. I’ll just mention that the answer is yes. There’s -- there was a question earlier on the call that talked about pricing power and pricing -- it’s going to be volume first. And then, as pricing returns, that’s going to help margin get all the way back to pre-pandemic levels.
Bob Probst: Together with the underlying fundamentals, we need to keep pointing to supply-demand equation. And again, as occupancy begins to rehydrate, the in-place increases, more pricing power. So, I don’t think there’s any reason to believe anything other than we’ll get back to normal over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: So, just going back to the move-in data and the topic of pent-up demand. I think you cited earlier in the call that April was the most move-ins you’ve had in a single month since June of 2019. And then, you’re also saying that you didn’t think that there was that much pent-up demand. I’m just trying to square those two comments together, because it seems like if the move-ins are high, there is some level of pent-up demand that’s benefiting move-ins right now.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. That’s really not what we’re hearing, and it very well could be just organic demand. So, there are -- go ahead, Justin.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I was just going to say, there’s one other point that I’ve mentioned earlier, and that’s really -- I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the move outs being lower as well. So, there’s a certain amount of just kind of structural netting that’s going to occur. And then, you have the resurgence of the higher conversion leads. They’re not all the way back yet. That’s why -- that, combined with the feedback from the operators in terms of what they’re seeing at their door, just it’s not something we necessarily characterize as pent up. It just -- probably one of the biggest indicators of that, I think, I mentioned earlier, is the personal referrals. These are relatives and residents referring their friends again, like as they did [Technical Difficulty] the overall demand fundamentals are recovering, not necessarily pent-up demand.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And I guess, as we think about the guidance for the second quarter, 150 to 250 basis points of spot occupancy benefit. How should we think about that as a sequential benefit in future quarters? Meaning, is this an unusually large benefit that you’re expecting in the second quarter because -- and your move-outs are low and eventually move-outs will pick up. You have sort of this high level of move-in activity right now, which is a high conversion rate, but we’ll see how that moves going forward. Just trying to think about, as we’re thinking about the sequential occupancy build going forward here, is the second quarter number a reasonable number to think that carries through in the future, or are there some unusual benefits in the second quarter?
Bob Probst: I’d highlight what Justin described as the "turn on the light" scenario, which is the lower occupancy means lower move-out at the same rate of move-outs. That, over time, goes away, obviously, as occupancy goes up. So, in that regard, that’s temporal. The move-ins in the sort of 100% to 110%, before some of these incremental referrals would suggest there should be continued move-in opportunity over time. This isn’t summed [ph] up so much as just real demand. And so, put those together and it not only benefits the second quarter, but should benefit the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thanks. Just off of, I guess, Nick’s question on pent-up demand. And I’m sorry, I think my phone break out. So, you might have answered this already, if I missed it. But, I know you haven’t liked the term of pent-up demand, and I’ve been hearing a few times on this call. I mean, do you expect that we’ll see some level of pent-up demand that could drive leads and move-ins higher from today’s level over the next few months, or how should we think about that?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, our bias really, Mike, is that this is organic demand that is based upon the need-based nature of the communities and the availability of the communities, then it is strong, resilient organic demand, and that’s strong. And whether it’s pent-up or not, we aren’t hearing from good sources that if anything other than move-ins that would have moved in now anyway. I don’t know if that makes it more clear, but go ahead, Justin. Yes.
Justin Hutchens: One other point, on page 9, if you ignore the first two months, it’s April, May, the beginning of the pandemic, and you just draw a straight line across the averages. Even during the pandemic, we were running 80% leads, move-ins...
Debra A. Cafaro: Right.
Justin Hutchens: And we had 20% of our communities closed at any given time. And so, people continue to move in as they have the need.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I was actually looking at that on page 9 of the deck. And you can see that. There is -- and that’s why I think we keep using this word, resilient, which I know we use frequently. But, it really is sustained need-based demand from a growing demographic, and that is very positive.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Yes. I was just trying to get to this, like, do we expect pent-up demand could enter the market as these other referral sources come on, and we could see some of those leads and move-ins even move higher from this point?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, they could because when you think about it, if you -- maybe -- whatever you want to call it is okay with us. But, when you think about it, for example, when UnitedHealthcare reported and they said really that senior level medical procedures and surgeries and things really haven’t bounced fully back, okay? And you connect that with what Justin said earlier that really a leading indicator of those kind of professional referrals would be really health care procedures. As those seniors start to have those procedures, If you look at that and then you see those professional referrals come back, you could characterize that if you want a pent-up demand as they had delayed those surgeries and so on. So, you could -- I don’t want to quibble over words. I think, what’s good is there’s really good demand and we’re seeing it come through and it’s then two consecutive months, and we hope and are projecting for the second quarter that it will continue.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then, just one more real quick. The lead data that you have in the presentation, I guess, what’s the breakout of that between U.S. and Canada? Obviously, Canada has been a little bit weaker due to the COVID outbreak. So, is leads in the U.S. higher than Canada?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So, the way I’d characterize Canada, maybe it’s not around leads, it’s more around just their move-in activity. Canada, a page you might look at is page 7, where at the top, there’s a purple number 4. That really just marks when Canada had 75% of the communities vaccinated. You could see that’s much later than the U.S. And the good news is, we know once we got there in the U.S. that the trends have been phenomenally strong. We would expect the same thing in Canada. So, there was a little bit of underperformance. You can see that on the next page, where Canada in March was negative 20 basis points. Obviously, U.S. was up 80 basis points during that time. So they’re just lagging a little bit. The vaccines came later. They’ve been a good performer for us. We would expect them to come back as the vaccines are fully executed.
Debra A. Cafaro: Mike, thanks. And again, compliments on your life science report.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: A question on margins. Just kind of thinking about the SHOP margins kind of going forward. Is there anything structural that you’re seeing that would prevent the SHOP margin from hitting their pre-pandemic levels, kind of once we return to pre-pandemic occupancy levels?
Bob Probst: Sure. Josh, I think fundamentally, structurally, as we look at it, there isn’t anything structurally that would suggest that the margin structure is changing fundamentally. Timing of that to be determined, obviously. But again, the value proposition of senior housing, the demand that we’ve seen through the pandemic and that we’re seeing, especially now in the second quarter in pricing power, which will return over time, we believe will give some confidence in that.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. So, it does sound like once we get to like a pre-pandemic level, we should see the margins kind of hit roughly the same -- is that -- I guess, what I’m asking is like, is there -- are you going to do anything differently on the operator front as far as like cleaning protocols that might be higher expenses going forward or anything like that?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I’d say, on the margin, there might be some of that. But, it’s going to be relatively limited moving forward, once we get out -- the pandemic gets further behind us. So, we’re definitely comfortable that margins come back.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And then, I think another question is kind of briefly touched on, but just wanted to ask kind of a little bit differently on new rate for move-ins. What’s like the current level of discounting going on? Like, is it one month free or any kind of gauge there would be helpful.
Justin Hutchens: There’s basically -- you name it. There’s one free being given or there’s waive in the community fees. There’s just a kind of structurally lower rent being offered. Typically, care charges are never discounted. But, rent and community fees are fair game and operators tend to give them upfront. So, we can get the impact of the discounts behind us. But, there’s a wide variety of discounting right now in the market.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Has that accelerated over the past months, or is it kind of holding just steady at this point?
Justin Hutchens: It’s been relatively steady. Yes. It found its way into the system last fall, and it’s been relatively steady. And like I said earlier, operators are starting to get very focused on local markets and pulling back on the discounting where they’re already seeing recovery. One stat I’ll mention that kind of supports that is that 16% of our communities, at the end of April, are back to pre-pandemic occupancies. So, you would imagine that they have pricing power now moving forward again. And so, operators are identifying those communities. They’re starting to tighten a little bit on the discounting. And obviously, that will be supportive of NOI growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Tan with JP Morgan.
Sarah Tan: Hi. Good morning. I’m on Sarah for Mike Mueller. This one is for Justin, regarding the senior housing operating portfolio specifically. I think you alluded to some demand differences between the southern and northern geographies. But, what are you seeing in terms of similarities or differences between more urban assets and the ones in the suburb?
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. There’s been a wide -- I’d say the recovery has been experienced in every geography. And there’s been a little bit of difference. The only real meaningful difference that we can point to is really the south and the southeast. If you dig down into local markets, New York is one that comes to the mine that we visited recently. I would say, they had a very bad early experience with the pandemic. Several of those communities have very, very high leads and move-ins. And so, you’re seeing some recovery happen in the Northeast. It’s going to vary by asset type and price point. And there’s a lot of shaking out to do, I think, before we really start calling markets or particular asset classes. It’s still really early. But, the widespread recovery is very encouraging.
Operator: And your last question for today comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Mizuho.
Omotayo Okusanya: Justin, this one is specifically to you. Again, the occupancy gains, since alluded, [ph] in the past, let’s call it 60 days have been really, really strong. Your 2Q guidance, your assumptions also are really, really strong. You have a peer out there who’s also seeing similar trends, but doesn’t seem quite as strong as the numbers you’re seeing and the numbers you’re kind of forecasting. Can you talk a little bit about why that may be? Why is this kind of meaningful difference between the two, let’s call it, near-term outlook?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I really can’t comment on what the peers are seeing. But, just within our own markets and what we’re seeing in terms of performance and leads and et cetera, there continues to be strong support for move-ins. And then, as I mentioned earlier, with move-outs being structurally lower, the strong support for netting. So, that’s what we’re seeing.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And also, we had -- we also had strong outperformance in the first quarter, and that’s obviously helping that momentum.
Omotayo Okusanya: And then, from a recovery perspective, Justin, kind of thematically, is it the high end of the market that’s recovering faster than the lower price points? Is it the state that kind of got hit with COVID first that have kind of now recovered faster. I’m just curious if you can kind of share any kind of -- when you look at the data, things you’re picking up?
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. And I can tell you that we’re looking for those correlations, and we’re not seeing them yet. What we know is that in the U.S., there’s been widespread recovery. We know that Canada is lagging, but a traditionally very strong performer. And then, we’ll study it closely as the trends materialize.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, thanks for wrapping the call up in a bow. I want to thank everyone who joined us this morning. We sincerely appreciate your participation and your interest in Ventas. And we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ventas Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Sarah Whitford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sarah Whitford: Thanks, Amy. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Earlier this morning, we issued our fourth quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas website at ir.ventasreit.com.  As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. And a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas website.  Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed on this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to our supplemental posted on the Investor Relations section of our website.  I will now turn over the call to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. On behalf of all my colleagues, we want to welcome you to the Ventas Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2020 Earnings Call. Let me begin by expressing my deep gratitude and optimism, borne of the strength, resilience and innovation so many have demonstrated over the past year and the positive developments we are seeing on the ground in our portfolio virtually every day.  Our results in the fourth quarter demonstrated Ventas' resilience with normalized FFO reported at $0.83 a share and $0.74 at much appreciated funding from HHS to our senior living communities that have been affected by COVID-19. I've reflected on the grueling year we've all had. I couldn't be prouder of our productive and skilled teams, our enterprise and our capable, dedicated partners.  After a fast and positive start to 2020, the last year has been dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic and punctuated by extreme weather disruptions, both of which have continued into the first quarter of 2021. Throughout, we've put the full force of our firm's resources and energy behind keeping people safe, demonstrating remarkable resilience and becoming part of the solution, whether in employee testing, advocacy or assistance to tenants and operators who needed it.  Financially, through our foresight, our longstanding diversification strategy and our decisive actions, we've kept our enterprise strong and stable, generating almost the same EBITDA in 2020 as we did in 2019 and benefiting from our investments in people, systems and preparedness, our balance sheet flexibility and our embedded relationships with best-in-class partners.  And we found ways to grow and advance our strategic objectives, including building value through acquisition and development in life sciences, investing in Le Groupe Maurice's attractive senior housing development pipeline, creating new partnerships and establishing a third-party investment management platform that will provide more options for future growth.  We remain committed to our core values of respect and integrity and accelerated our actions to promote sustainability, diversity and social justice in our company, our communities and our country. Finally, we were very fortunate to recently add 2 topnotch directors to the company: one, a leader in health care; and the other in real estate and REITs.  My gratitude and optimism also flow from the life-saving COVID-19 vaccine discovery by doctors and scientists in record time and the recent acceleration of vaccine delivery by the Biden administration. Nationally, ending COVID-19 is foundational to spur sustained economic recovery and restore vitality to so many businesses, households and workers.  At Ventas, we're proud that 100% of our U.S. SHOP, AL and memory care communities have already received the vaccine. And nearly 90% of them will complete their second dose by the end of this month. Notably, senior housing vaccine delivery represents one of the shining successes in our fight against COVID-19. In our SHOP communities, it is wonderful to know that about 30,000 vulnerable residents have already been vaccinated and are one step closer to feeling safe, seeing loved ones and enjoying a richer life.  From our real-time data, we also know that confirmed COVID-19 cases in our communities have recently begun to improve significantly, creating an enhanced sense of well-being and enabling more operators to open communities to new move-ins. And leads at our communities built to their highest level since the pandemic began in January, once again demonstrating the strength of the value proposition of senior housing and the resilient demand for the services our care providers deliver.  While we expect SHOP's first quarter NOI and occupancy, which are lagging indicators, to decline sequentially as a result of November to January's extreme COVID-19 conditions, we are encouraged by the breadth and consistency of all positive leading indicators. Conditions remain dynamic, and it is too early to declare a definitive trend. But we like the picture we are starting to see. Post-pandemic senior housing growth represents an incredibly significant value creation opportunity for our shareholders.  Turning to our investment outlook. Our diversified asset base with 5 verticals has given us the ability to continue successfully allocating capital over time and through cycles. For example, we've created tremendous value since our early cycle investments in our Research & Innovation business in 2016. We continue to find meaningful opportunities to drive that business forward in both ground-up development and asset acquisitions with universities and in cluster markets alike.  Our decision to add life sciences to our enterprise has provided an uplift to our results, our investment activity and our value. Here are a couple of current examples. Our $280 million life sciences project, known as One uCity, in the thriving research submarket of Philadelphia, which is bookended by Penn and Drexel, is attracting significant leasing interest.  In addition to the nearly $1 billion ground-up development projects already underway, our university-based development pipeline continues to hold about another $1 billion in active potential projects with both new and existing university relationships. In particular, with Wexford, we are in the design development phase of a nearly $0.5 billion project with a major research university on the West Coast that is substantially pre-leased. We look forward to sharing more information with you later this year.  Outside of Research & Innovation, we continue to allocate capital to develop large Class A independent living communities with our partner, LGM, in Québec. We've had 5 projects underway with investment also totaling nearly $0.5 billion. And 2 of the projects were delivered in the fourth quarter. We are pleased to report that the 2 open communities have leased up quickly and occupancy is already nearly 80%.  In addition, our pipeline of potential acquisitions in all 5 of our verticals is active and growing. We continue to invest with an eye towards growing reliable cash flow and favorable risk-adjusted returns. We will also continue to evaluate and execute opportunities to recycle capital as well. Both Justin and Pete have been working with our deal team to target about $1 billion of dispositions during the year to optimize our portfolio.  Finally, our institutional investment capital management platform continues to grow and succeed with well over $3 billion in assets under management. Bringing together our pre-existing and new third-party capital vehicles under one umbrella, the Ventas Investment Management business includes our life sciences and health care funds. The Ventas Fund stands out as one of the most successful launches of a first-time real estate fund in any asset class.  Our investment management platform provides a significant competitive advantage to Ventas. It broadens our capital sources, augments our investment capacity, expands our footprint, leverages our team and industry expertise, improves our financial flexibility and liquidity and adds an incremental source of earnings. There is tremendous market opportunity within life science, medical office and senior housing real estate. And we are well positioned to capitalize on it in multiple ways.  In closing, let me reiterate that demographically driven demand is right in front of us. The leading indicators in senior housing are improving rapidly. Vaccine delivery is accelerating. And the long-term thesis for all of our asset classes and for Ventas remains firmly positive. All of us at Ventas have an abiding commitment to staying strong and steady and winning the recovery on behalf of all of our stakeholders.  Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Justin Hutchens.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I'd like to begin by highlighting the fourth quarter performance and first quarter performance expectations. First, I would like to mention that we are humbled and grateful that HHS continues to recognize the crucial role senior living plays in protecting vulnerable older Americans. Through the CARES Act, HHS has provided several rounds of funding to assisted living communities to partially mitigate losses directly suffered because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Through this program, applicable to sequential same-store SHOP assets, our communities have received $34 million in the fourth quarter and $13 million to date in the first quarter, which has been applied as a contract expense to offset COVID-19-related expenses incurred.  After a challenging fourth quarter and January in which the national spread of COVID-19 hit all-time highs, our communities experienced an increase in resident cases and we had more communities closed to move-ins. Leading indicators have followed a similar pattern. Leads and move-ins drifted down throughout November and December while at the same time, move-outs were elevated. Although the fourth quarter was a challenging quarter, we are pleased that our occupancy hung in there with a 90 basis point decline.  Looking ahead to the remainder of the first quarter. For the forecast Q1 sequential same-store SHOP portfolio, we expect cash NOI to decline from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, excluding HHS grants of $34 million and $13 million to date in each respective period. This NOI deterioration is driven by a 250 to 325 basis point expected occupancy decline, partially offset by a modest rate increase. We expect to see continued elevated operating expenses into the first quarter.  And while we are seeing continued high levels of COVID-related costs, these are partially mitigated by $13 million of Phase 3 HHS grant money received to date in the first quarter. I'll add that recent severe winter weather across the country could cause additional expenses as well as delays in move-ins. We haven't included any impacts, if any, in our guidance.  While we are experiencing choppy waters at this stage of the pandemic, I would like to highlight green shoots that support a more optimistic outlook ahead. I'll start by highlighting our improving clinical trends. Consistent with the U.S. COVID case trends, our SHOP communities are experiencing a significant decline in new COVID cases. In the most recent week, we are averaging 9 cases per day, which is the lowest since October and down from 92 cases per day at the peak in January. We couldn't be more relieved about this improvement, knowing this means less illness and less people potentially dying from COVID.  This positive clinical trend is also important to local health departments' support of our communities' ability to accept new move-ins and to offer a more robust living experience for our residents. I'd like to comment on the early success our operators have had deploying the vaccine to residents and employees within our SHOP portfolio. As Debbie mentioned, 100% of our assisted living and memory care communities have hosted their first vaccine clinic.  In other good news related to the vaccine, 2 studies from Spain and Israel have come out showing favorable data that people who are vaccinated and still contract COVID-19 are far less likely to spread the illness to others than if they were not vaccinated. The execution of the vaccine is a massively important step towards the stabilization and growth in our senior housing platform. I'll note that 95% of our communities are already open to move-ins, which is near our pandemic high.  I'll remind you of the importance of the segments mentioned in our business update. Currently, 80% of our communities are operating in segment 3. This is up from 64% a month ago. Segment 3 is the least restrictive operating environment. The communities in this segment offer a more robust living experience, includes a more open dining experience and small group activities. Most importantly, it allows for less restrictive visitation between residents and their loved ones. As more communities expand their service offering, demand for our services should improve.  Leads and move-ins started to pick up again in January with the highest number of leads we have witnessed since the beginning of the pandemic. We have seen broad-based strength in lead volume across regions. And the initial indication is that this momentum has continued into February. The increase in leads have been bolstered by very strong growth in our Le Groupe Maurice portfolio in Canada and consistent strong lead performance by Atria in the U.S.  To summarize our optimism, new COVID cases down, vaccine distribution on track, leading to a more robust living experience and all combining to support higher leads. We continue to monitor these positive trends on a real-time basis and remain focused on supporting our operating partners as they get positioned to win the recovery.  Moving on to triple-net senior housing. In the fourth quarter and through January, Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rents. Our underlying triple-net senior housing portfolio performance continues to be impacted by COVID-19. However, due to a mix of lease resolutions executed in 2020, government subsidies, including PPP loans and HHS funds and other tenant resources, our tenants have continued to pay as expected. Our trailing 12-month cash flow coverage for senior housing is 1.3x, respectively.  I'll comment on the senior housing industry outlook. Our competitive outlook has continued to evolve amid the pandemic. In 2020, construction starts nationally were down 50% year-over-year and deliveries were at their lowest levels since 2013. Our SHOP markets witnessed particularly favorable supply trends with starts down 66% versus the prior year and deliveries down over 40%. We are optimistic about the long-term impact from lower construction starts. Fewer starts today, combined with the compelling aging demographic trends, where the 80-plus population is expected to grow nearly 15% between now and 2024, which is 5x faster than the broader population, will provide a potent tailwind over the next few years.  Moving on to final comments. I'd like to comment on the tremendous job well done our operator partners and frontline staff have done prioritizing the health and safety of our residents and employees throughout a very challenging period. We couldn't be more proud of their focus, determination, courage and perseverance throughout the pandemic. I'd also like to note our excitement in support for Jack Callison, the new CEO of Sunrise Senior Living. We know Jack to be an accomplished and charismatic leader who is extremely qualified to lead Sunrise.  I'll finish by reiterating our optimistic outlook as we consider the improving clinical trends, vaccine rollout, communities opening for move-ins with a more robust living experience and post-pandemic supply-demand tailwinds that give us continued confidence and a very strong positive growth trajectory in senior housing.  With that, I'll hand the call to Pete.
Peter Bulgarelli: Thanks, Justin. I'll cover the Office and health care triple-net segments. Together, these segments represent 47% of Ventas' NOI. They continue to produce strong results, showcasing their value proposition and financial strength amongst the pandemic. In fact, for the full year 2020, these segments combined to generate same-store cash NOI growth of 3%.  First, I'll cover Office. MOBs and Research & Innovation centers, the 2 lines of business within our Office portfolio, they play a key role in the delivery of crucial health care services and research for life-saving vaccines and therapeutics. The office portfolio continued to provide steady growth, delivering $128 million of same-store cash NOI in the fourth quarter. This represents a 1.5% sequential growth, led by our R&I portfolio, which generated 3.6% same-store cash NOI growth.  Moreover, full year Office same-store cash NOI grew 3.3% versus 2019, near the midpoint of original 2020 Office guidance of 3% to 4% despite the impacts of COVID-19. Normalizing for a pay parking shortfall and increased cleaning cost due to COVID, same-store cash NOI grew 4.5%, surpassing our pre-COVID guidance range.  In terms of rent receipts, Office tenants paid an industry-leading 99.2% of contractual rent in the fourth quarter. For the entire period, from April through December, tenants paid 99.4% of contractual rent. This is without deducts or deferrals, which were de minimis. Substantially, all granted deferrals have been repaid and new deferrals were negligible during the fourth quarter. Continuing the trend, we have collected 98% of January contractual rents, on track to meet or exceed the fourth quarter collection rate. February to date collection results are also strong and are at a consistent pace when compared to the fourth quarter.  This strong performance is enabled by the mission-critical nature of our portfolio and by our high-quality, creditworthy tenancy. In our medical office portfolio, nearly 85% of our NOI comes from investment-grade-rated tenants and HCA. In our R&I portfolio, a 76% of our revenues come directly from investment-grade-rated organizations and publicly traded companies. Medical office had a record level retention of 88% for the fourth quarter and 87% for the trailing 12 months.  Driven by this retention, total Office leasing was 700,000 square feet for the quarter and 3.4 million square feet for the full year of 2020. This includes 540,000 square feet of new leasing. Total leasing far exceeded our pre-COVID 2020 plan. All of our MOB properties are in elective surgery restriction-free locations. As a result, we are seeing positive utilization trends that mirror increased admissions and surgery volumes being reported by the health systems. As an example, pay parking receipts during the second quarter of 2020 were only 46% of normal. During the fourth quarter, however, pay parking recovered to 71% of normal.  As Debbie mentioned, we continue to be excited about the Office business and particularly investment opportunities in the R&I space. In the fourth quarter, we closed our acquisition of the 3-asset, 800,000-square foot trophy life sciences portfolio in San Francisco. Since last quarter's announcement, we have renewed a large tenant and signed 2 new leases, bringing the building to 100% leased, a clear demonstration of the attractiveness of these buildings to the marketplace. We also opened our $80 million R&I development on the campus of Arizona State, located within the Phoenix Biomedical Campus, a 30-acre innovation district established by the city of Phoenix in the heart of downtown. The building is over 50% pre-leased and is ahead of pro forma.  Now let's turn to health care triple-net. During the fourth quarter, our health care triple-net assets showed continued strength. We have received 100% of fourth quarter rents as well as 100% of January and 100% of February rents. Trailing 12-month EBITDARM cash flow coverage improved sequentially for all our health care triple-net asset classes, except skilled nursing despite COVID-19. Acute and post-acute providers had early access to significant government funding to create liquidity and mitigate pandemic-related losses.  Acute care hospitals' trailing 12-month coverage was a strong 3.3 in the third quarter, a 20 basis point sequential improvement, driven by a rebound in elective surgical procedures, prudent expense management as well as government funding. Ardent continues to perform extremely well in this dynamic market condition. And all of Ardent's hospitals reside in jurisdictions that are open for elective procedures. We are excited to continue growing with Ardent. During the fourth quarter, Ardent opened a new outpatient cancer center on the campus in their hospital in Amarillo, Texas. The cancer center features best-in-class equipment and facilities for radiation therapy, chemotherapy and cancer care.  We invested approximately $30 million at a near 8% stabilized yield. IRF and LTAC coverage improved 10 basis points to 1.6x in the third quarter, buoyed by strong business results and government funding. In particular, Kindred has demonstrated its core competency in treating complex patient cases. Census levels continued to be very high. And finally, within our loan portfolio, our Colony, Holiday and Brookdale loans are all fully current.  I'd like to close with a thank you, a sincere thank you to our frontline staff, who have kept these critical facilities open during this difficult time. You are all heroes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Pete. In my remarks today, I'll cover our 2020 enterprise fourth quarter results, our expectations for the first quarter of 2021 and our recent liquidity, balance sheet and capital activities.  Let's start with our fourth quarter financial performance. Ventas reported fourth quarter net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.29 per share and normalized funds from operations of $0.83 per share or $0.74, excluding the $0.09 in HHS grants received in SHOP in Q4. Other sequential fourth quarter drivers to highlight include $0.04 of income recorded in our unconsolidated entities, offset by a $0.05 Q4 sequential decline in NOI, principally in SHOP. Meanwhile, Office and triple-net healthcare was stable on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter.  That's a good segue way to our Q1 guidance as Q4 is an appropriate start point for our first quarter 2021 expectations. The key components of our Q1 guidance are as follows. Net income attributable to common stockholders is estimated to range between minus $0.07 and minus $0.01 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO is forecast to range from $0.66 to $0.71 per share. The midpoint of our FFO guidance, $0.68 per share, represents a $0.15 sequential decline from the fourth quarter. This change can be largely explained by a $0.09 reduction in HHS grant income and income from unconsolidated entities. The balance is driven by a $0.05 reduction in organic SHOP NOI performance.  A few of the key SHOP Q1 assumptions include Q1 2021 average occupancy ranging from 250 to 325 basis points lower versus the fourth quarter average; sequential growth in REVPOR as a result of the annual in-place rent increases implemented at the start of 2021; and continued elevated levels of operating expenses, driven by COVID labor and testing. Outside of SHOP, we expect our property NOI to be stable on a sequential basis in the first quarter. A normalized FFO per share bridge from our fourth quarter to our first quarter 2021 guidance midpoint, together with key assumptions, can be found in our press release and our business update presentation posted to our website today.  I'll close with our balance sheet and capital activity. I am proud of the actions the Ventas team has taken to manage our balance sheet, leverage and liquidity. We have navigated the disruption created by COVID and kept Ventas strong and stable while protecting shareholder capital. I'd highlight a few of our most recent actions and results.  First, some key stats from 2020. We finished 2020 with full year net debt-to-EBITDA of 6.1x, maintained a strong maturity profile with duration exceeding 6 years, had held total debt to gross asset value at 37%, reduced our net debt at year-end by over $500 million year-over-year and retained robust liquidity exceeding $3 billion.  In 2020, we also took advantage of the strong bid for health care real estate and realized over $1 billion in asset sales at a blended 5.3% cash yield. In 2021, we're targeting an additional $1 billion in asset sales across our verticals in the second half of the year. Proceeds from dispositions are expected to be used to reduce debt and to fund future growth through development and redevelopment capital spend.  In January 2021, we closed on a new 4-year $2.75 billion unsecured credit facility. We had great demand from 24 new and incumbent financial institutions and we're able to realize better pricing. I'd like to personally thank our banking partners for their support of Ventas. They are critical to our success.  And finally, in March 2021, Ventas will use cash on hand from recent dispositions to reduce our near-term maturities by fully repaying $400 million of our 3.1% senior notes due January 2023. As a result of these and other actions, we're positioned to capitalize on the powerful upside across our business once the pandemic is finally in the rearview mirror.  That concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: I was just hoping, Debbie, maybe you could provide a little color on the acquisition pipeline. You talked about it being robust across your various verticals. So I guess I'm curious what asset texture of the most interest. You've been kind of quiet on the seniors housing acquisition front for a while. It seems like Ardent might have some new opportunities if it merges with LifePoint. I'm curious if that acquisition pipeline is more focused on balance sheet or through the fund.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's great to hear from you. I would say that we have a lot of options now as we look at investment opportunities. Not only can we look across the 5 asset types, but also we have a number of tools we can use to acquire assets, either on balance sheet or in our investment management business. So I'd say we're really looking across the board. We've got obviously a lot of life sciences and research and innovation, both ground-up development as well as acquisition activity. We've got some senior housing possibilities in the pipeline.  Ardent is obviously doing well. And we continue to look for similarly high-quality opportunities in that space. And so it really is quite interesting and across the board. And as I mentioned, we're continuing to invest with LGM. They have done just an incredible job, both on the management of the stable portfolio but also in developing and leasing up very quickly these Class A assets. And we're looking forward to doing more of that with LGM as well.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just for my follow-up on the disposition front, switching to the opposite side, the $1 billion for '21 that you've targeted for the second half, could you provide any color on the types of assets you're selling? If I think about this time last year, you talked about maybe joint venturing Eclipse. You had some Atria assets that were on the block. So if you could just give us a little bit more color on the flavor there.
Debra Cafaro: Good one. I mean I gave a little clue when we talked about Justin and Pete really optimizing the portfolio. So while we're really looking across the board, I would say that senior housing and maybe some select MOBs could fall within that disposition pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nicholas Joseph: Maybe just following up on that question. I know you said it's the back half of the year. But just curious what the timing is and then the cap rates on any of those asset sales, just trying to get a sense of any potential dilution in the back half of this year into 2022.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, obviously, we're going to look to be smart about when and how we do it. I would basically just refer you to kind of the back half, and you can make a weighted assumption around timing. It's obviously TBD. And cap rates also TBD, but we would look really to find lower cap rate assets that we could dispose of. And obviously, you can see in the market, there's a really strong bid across the board in these asset classes. And that is a very good sign for our ability to execute in a really effective way.
Nicholas Joseph: And then maybe just on the senior housing side, I'm looking at your business update, with the move-outs trending higher at least through January, what percentage of those were voluntary? And then how have voluntary move-outs trended over the past few months?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm going to turn it over to Justin. I mean, as we've mentioned, I mean, the key points are really around the clinical results. Because you really have to think about leading indicators, seeing cases in mortality. And then when those start to improve significantly, as we've seen, the lagging indicators of NOI and occupancy tends to follow. So I'll turn it over to Justin, so he can really address your questions in specific.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to the recent trend upwards in move-outs, that's mostly clinically related hospitalizations, deaths. The voluntary move-out questions come up. We really haven't seen a high number of discretionary move-outs that are for reasons other than clinical purposes.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Mizuho.
Omotayo Okusanya: Two quick ones for me. REVPOR growth in the quarter were kind of down meaningfully. I think it was negative 3.3% or so. Could you talk a little bit about kind of what caused that? I think you had made some comments about kind of concessions and discounts and things like that. And kind of how is that trending in the early stages of 2021?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean we are projecting positive REVPOR sequentially. And I'll turn it over to Bob to elaborate.
Robert Probst: All right. Cool. So in the fourth quarter, you're right to say down on REVPOR. Tayo, really two drivers there. One is simply discounting in the effort to get occupancy, definitely seeing that in the marketplace. The second is mix. With Canada continuing to perform really strongly, Canada has a lower REVPOR, you see a mixed impact. And it's a combination of those 2 things on a sequential basis which drives the number you see on REVPOR. Positively looking ahead to Q1, we're expecting growth. And again, that in-place increase, very much in line with what we've seen historically, which is quite positive and so expect to see that as a tailwind in the first quarter on revenue.
Omotayo Okusanya: So no additional -- that whole discounting concession thing is not kind of rising through the first quarter of '21?
Robert Probst: Well, I think that will likely carry on, at least in the short run. But you see the lift of the in-place rents, which happens Jan 1 across the good part of the population. So that really benefits the first quarter.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Great. And then on the government reimbursement side, any thoughts or any estimates in regards to how much HHS grants seem maybe due under kind of like the Phase 2 and Phase 3 programs from last year? And generally, what are you hearing about future government support, just kind of given the change in administration?
Debra Cafaro: Right. We've had, with our industry partners, a really effective public outreach on this exact point of really the impact of COVID-19 on these communities and on seniors. And we have made so much progress, Tayo, as evidenced by the willingness of HHS to mitigate some of the COVID-19 impacts by the amounts that we've received to date, which for us has been, I think, about $48 million or so. And we're very grateful for that, as Justin mentioned.  What we're focused on going forward is there continues to be significant billions remaining in the HHS fund -- well, first of all, Phase 3 could result in additional funding. That's an unknown. There's also multiple tens of billions remaining in the HHS fund, which hopefully can be utilized beyond Phase 3 to support the health care providers writ large, including senior housing.  And then in terms of additional COVID relief packages, we would endeavor to make the case that some of those funds should be either earmarked for or certainly available to be used to mitigate the continuing impact of COVID-19 on the 1 to 2 million seniors, who are cared for in senior living. So that's the framework, and we'll continue to try to make -- be effective advocates with policymakers to produce a favorable and, I think, very justifiable outcome on a public health priority basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: I want to see if you could provide some color on the occupancy expectation going into the first quarter of '21. I guess the 250 to 325 basis point decline in average occupancy, I mean, what does that trend look like on a, I guess, week-to-week or month-to-month basis on the low end versus the high end? I mean, do you expect declines to continue at this pace through to February and then start to moderate in March? Or how should we think about that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I'm going to turn it over to my colleagues. And again, I think in light of the conditions in January, we are -- feel that our portfolio is really hanging in there in terms of leads and occupancy. So I'll turn it over to the team to answer the specific question that you're asking.
Robert Probst: Sure. I'll take that. So Mike, you can see on Page 12 of our investor presentation, some of the most recent data on the trends in the quarter on occupancy. If you look at it quarter-to-date on average, we're down about 210 basis points quarter-to-date, really driven by that January result. If you just extrapolated that to the full quarter, i.e., kind of baked what we have and held from there, we'd be at the better end of the guidance range, 250 basis points down. If the trend continued down, as we've seen in the first quarter-to-date and carried on, that would be the lower end, i.e., the worse end of the range. And so it's really kind of -- that's the guardrails, if you like, stabilization versus continuation of the trend, if you want to think of that, that way.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. And then I guess, on the move-ins, obviously there was an uptick on an absolute basis in January. But it still looks like the percentage compared to 2019 actually dropped. I mean is a good way to think about that is, is that the seasonal nature of leads probably is not holding right now, just given the COVID impact, and you're just more optimistic because the absolute number is actually increasing?
Debra Cafaro: I think what is incredibly encouraging is that the clinical conditions in January were the worst that they've been really since the beginning of the pandemic. And you can see that on the slide, yet we are getting incredible demand, in my opinion, in January, nonetheless, through both leads and move-ins. And that, to me, is an incredible combination and one that is just really heartening about this being a kind of need-based business that is going to be resilient. And that happens during the toughest times. And so that's what -- that is the key point, Mike. Thank you for raising it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: I guess just, first off, maybe if you wouldn't mind providing the -- you gave the vaccine data, which was good, on number of residents, number of staff. Do you have that in terms of a percentage of the residents and of the staff who've gotten the vaccine so far? And Atria...
Debra Cafaro: Yes. In general, the uptake with the residents has been really, really high, in and around the 90% range. And probably even higher if you take out people who were ineligible, either because they had just had COVID or something like that or another medical condition. And amongst the staff, it's really been in that 40%-ish, plus or minus, at the beginning on the first clinic. But we're seeing way higher uptake of employees getting that first shot at the second clinic. And so those numbers are going much higher both because of an increasing comfort level with the vaccine and also some operator, we'll call it, incentives and requirements. And Justin, maybe you can touch on what the operators are doing in the vaccine to make the uptake better.
Justin Hutchens: Absolutely. So there's been -- the standard practice across the sector is communication, incentives, bringing a lot of attention and quite frankly, celebration around the vaccine. That's been very successful. We have operators that have mandated vaccine as well. Where that's happened, we've seen the employee numbers tick up significantly. And we know at least 2 that have made the decision to mandate. There are several others where we know it's under consideration. And it's been met with a lot of success, where those employee numbers are closer to 80%.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Great. That was very helpful. Just second question is on the leads having picked up. I guess, are you getting any information from your prospective tenants about at what point they're going to increasingly convert that lead into a move-in? Is it has something to do with the percentage of people in the facility that are vaccinated or a reduced rate of COVID in a facility? I guess I'm just trying to sort of understand at what point if leads are down, still around 20%, moving to down around 20%, at some point, you get closer to 100%. But what are -- are you getting any information from prospective tenants about that?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I can definitely give you some color. One point about our leads is that leads are actually stronger in our U.S. portfolio, but our move-ins have been stronger in Canada. So when you think about us, think about a higher conversion rate in Canada, there's less dependency on external agencies to get move-ins. But if you focus in on the U.S., one thing that we found interesting is that the lead volume is very high, as Debbie mentioned, in spite of the clinical backdrop. But we're also still missing out on some typical sources for leads. And that includes respites, that includes personal and professional referral sources, which are all our highest converted leads. So as the lead bank starts to materialize and get back to normal, not only the leads go up, but our conversion should go with it. So our operators are fairly bullish on the outlook. But that remains to be seen, obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Connor Siversky with Berenberg.
Connor Siversky: You had mentioned in the prepared remarks, just switching gears to the R&I portfolio, that uCity was attracting some significant leasing interest. I'm just wondering if you can quantify at all how this is progressing and then what the path looks up to stabilization on that end.
Debra Cafaro: Good to have you. I'm going to turn that over to our team to talk about the significant leasing interest there in the uCity market.
Peter Bulgarelli: John, did you want to take that? Or would like me?
John Cobb: Sure. Yes, this is John Cobb. I think we have a lot of good leads. I think we're shopping a lot of LOIs back and forth, but the interest is high. But it's -- when you start building and you start going vertical, the interest is much higher when you're doing that.
Connor Siversky: Okay. And then just related to the development of the independent living communities in Québec with Le Groupe Maurice, I'm just wondering if that occupancy metrics you guys provided, does that take into account the 800 units that had just recently opened?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Well, that, I believe, is those 800 units. So this is what is remarkable and we're trying to have it rub off on us here south of the border is that LGM built these large projects, Class A for independent living, a younger, healthier senior. They're really beautiful. We hope to take you there someday. And then they have a really significant pre-marketing effort, a lot of pre-leasing and deposits. And these communities opened in the fourth quarter and they're already nearly 80% occupied.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: Glad to hear an upbeat tone and outlook. The question I do have though, I think the move-ins are kind of rather simple math, demographics going up, construction going down, COVID levels going down. But I'm trying to understand a little bit better the move-outs. And particularly, if you have any color on average entrance age of residents coming in and thoughts on length of stay and whether that's going to offset some of the improvement that seems likely to come on the move-in side.
Justin Hutchens: Dan, it's Justin. You mentioned -- I'll start with the second part of your question. Length of stay has actually gone up. And the reason for that is we've had less respite stays over this past year, far less. So that averages up without the short-term stays of respite. In terms of the type of resident moving in, we also haven't seen a lot of change there either. There's the age group demographic, the type of resident, care needs, everything has been relatively consistent. We just need more of them. And as we mentioned, leads are certainly on their way up.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And then the other question I had on SHOP, I don't know if you can give a kind of a general idea of what the rent increases are in 1Q versus maybe historical and whether those are kind of what we should be thinking about when we model that versus historical 1Q increases.
Debra Cafaro: Well, since that's a modeling one, Bob, do you want to take that?
Robert Probst: Yes. I love the modeling ones. So historically, we've seen sort of mid-single-digit in-place increases every -- nearly every year. And that's again sort of an overarching number to think about. From there though, a few considerations. There's always a percentage of the population to whom that does not apply. And that could be those who are on an anniversary renewal or those who came in, moved in late in the year and aren't subject to a thing like that. So all of that said, it blends in on a sequential Q4 to Q1 REVPOR basis to improve REVPOR overall. And that is one of the powers of having the occupancy in place in December is to have that benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Rich Anderson: So if investment activity can be used as a proxy for perhaps your level of confidence in things going forward, your company has a history of sort of hunkering down at the right times. I recall back in '08/'09 time frame, you were quick to protect the balance sheet like a lot of your peers, but I remember that in particular. You now have $1 billion of asset sales. You refer to paying down debt with that, at least in part. But then you also talk about this pipeline of activity. So I'm not -- I can't get a good sense of where you are at on a net disposition or net acquisition perspective. Or are you kind of still in the point where you're sort of hedging your bet, you could go one direction or another? Or are you sort of thinking along the lines of sort of a neutral impact?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are -- thank you. It's really good to hear from you. I mean, we are continuing to invest very actively, as I mentioned, in life science, in these LGM developments. We do have an acquisition pipeline. So it really is a case-by-case basis. And we continue to evaluate conditions very carefully and are really in a great position, given all the things that we've done and all the pieces we've put in place, to be able to really act opportunistically as and when we believe the circumstances are appropriate based on risk-adjusted return. And so I feel good about where we are. And we have a long history, as you know, of doing $2 billion to $3 billion a year of investment activity. And we're in the market in all the verticals and have the team and the capital options. And so it will be based upon what opportunities become available.
Rich Anderson: Fair enough. Okay. And then on the HHS grants, you guys were perhaps earlier than some others in terms of getting your hands on it. But nonetheless, it impacts the assisted living side more, obviously. I think you're 60% ALF and 40% independent. I mean, correct me if I'm wrong on that, I could have that backwards. But does this inform you about where the opportunities might exist going forward in terms of that specific debate between ILF and ALF?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think we would base our investment decisions and our portfolio composition really on the fundamental opportunities that we see rather than what I'll call bridge support for the pandemic impact. So I think you're roughly in the ballpark on the 60-40. But I'll turn it over to Justin really to talk about how he thinks about those asset classes and the differences and opportunities there.
Rich Anderson: And before you do that, Justin, I was thinking in terms of perhaps being there some disruption in the ILF side, which would make you more interested today just from the standpoint of there being better opportunities because of the lack of HHS. But then anyway, that was the basis of my question. Go ahead. Sorry.
Debra Cafaro: I see.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes, in terms of the disruption, ILs really held up okay. It held up in early going based on having lower move-outs, longer length of stay. Move-ins have continued in the IL setting. They are generally a higher-margin business. So they have a little more room to work with as occupancy has fallen. They don't benefit from HHS funds, so a little later to the -- from a vaccine standpoint. But vaccine clinics are being set up in the IL setting. So that's on that point.  And then in general, the first thing we're always going to look at is the market. And we have within our data set, over 800 MSAs that we study. And within those, we can determine which products will work, which price point is appropriate, could be IL, AL, memory care. But we would always start there and then look -- so market, then it's the quality of property and then it's opportunity for successful execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: So Justin, I was -- I wanted to just get your take on sort of historical seasonality. I know how familiar you are with this business in terms of SHOP. What percent of annual move-ins take place in December, January, February in the SHOP portfolio generally?
Justin Hutchens: So there's a little bit on the seasonality. When you look at it on a quarterly basis, there's not a big change ins or outs. You tend to have relatively higher move-outs in the fourth quarter and the first quarter and then lower move-outs in the third and fourth. And then move-ins will move within quarters. Some months that jump out to me are January, August, September, where you get a little bit of spike, April, May or some -- usually some good move-in months. But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it's only like 1% change from 1 quarter to the next. And you just kind of -- usually, you have opportunities to net significantly during those times when the move-outs are lower. I'm not sure if that's helpful. And I'm sure you're [indiscernible]
Jordan Sadler: Yes. Go ahead, finish, sorry.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I was just going to say, in this setting, seasonality hasn't really held up because the clinical impacts have been so severe at times. That's had impact on demand. And then of course, I mentioned the difference in our lead bank in that there's a lot more opportunity for that to get back to a normalized level. And so it's really hard to point to seasonality in this current environment.
Jordan Sadler: It sounds like typically you're saying you see higher move-outs in 1Q and 4Q, but move-ins generally are more steady.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, that's about right.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then as a sort of non sequitur follow-up, of the disposition guidance for 2021, Debbie or Bob, is any -- what portion of that is scheduled or expected loan repayments?
Robert Probst: What's the mix of debt reduction versus other investments, in other words, Jordan?
Jordan Sadler: Yes. I think if there's $1 billion of disposition guidance for the year, like is any of that loan repayment?
Robert Probst: I see, I see the question. Yes. No, it's majority asset sales.
Jordan Sadler: That's majority loan repayments or would that be over and above or you just don't expect any?
Robert Probst: There may be some. But again, a significant majority will be asset sales as it was in 2020.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Because I know you have some maturities in 2021. But those could be extended?
Robert Probst: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Just maybe first one on senior housing overall. Now that you have higher percentage vaccinated, you've got your rents in place in January for SHOP and you sort of pointed to some light at the end of the tunnel, I'm just wondering, higher level, is there an initial sort of preliminary strategy you can lay out for us in terms of how you're thinking to start gaining back this occupancy? I mean demand will come when it is. But just in terms of flexing rents versus occupancy, high level kind of -- is there a strategy that you can lay out? And does that differ by product type or geography?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And different operators take different views as well based on the particular conditions in markets, as you point out. So Justin, do you want to address Vikram's question, please?
Justin Hutchens: Absolutely. So I mentioned -- but I'll try, I'd like to step back for a second and just reiterate the underlying demand that the operators are facing and how they're trying to play into that. I had mentioned before that leads are very strong, and we're missing parts of the typical lead bank that could help bolster things. But if you look back a little bit, and you look back into September, October, if you look at our leads and our move-ins, you can see that we're running 80% and 90%, respectively, no vaccine in sight at the time. So the underlying demand remains really strong. Our operators are well aware of that. We even had, at that time in October, almost 60% of our communities that were achieving 100% or more of their prior-to-COVID typical move-in run rate. So all of that bodes well. And as operators have tried to play into that and with the backdrop of, of course, the clinical trends they were facing throughout the end of last year, beginning of this year, they're taking different approaches.  One I'll highlight is Atria. I mentioned that they have bolstered our overall lead growth and volume. And they've done that with the help of discounting and it's worked. Because they've had higher occupancy, higher leads as a result. We've had others that have been a little more local market-focused, holding back a little bit to preserve rate. And that worked as well. And moving ahead, I think what every operator is focused on is the wide variety of different referral sources that they've relied in, in the past, how to rejuvenate those moving forward and to play into that, the optimistic kind of supply-demand outlook I gave as well as the trends that are positioning our communities to accept move-ins again.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. That's helpful. Yes, and it's interesting, to your point, even if you look back a year ago, just based on the numbers you gave, it doesn't seem like the conversion rates have fallen off dramatically in terms of leads to move-ins. It seems like those rates are maybe a little lower but not dramatically lower. So that's sort of another positive.  I guess just on the triple-net side, two quick clarifications. So you do have -- your EBITDA is probably closer to the low 1s, if I'm not wrong. And you have at a minimum 4 years left on maturity for a lot of these leases that are kind of in that range or below. So I'm just wondering if there is a need or thought or are you just able to adjust rents or convert some of these to RIDEA. And could you just clarify in that the cash flow coverage -- I may be thinking wrong about this. But in the quarter or historically, are there -- just the last 2 quarters, is there any -- the provider funds or the relief funds, they're not factored into that coverage, are they?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I'll take that. So look, I mean, we have been really successful during 2020, since Justin been here, at really having some outstanding resolutions of the bigger relationships we have with partners like Brookdale and Holiday and others. And that's been really helpful. And we've received significant cash upfront as well as participation in the upside through either warrants or conversions to management contracts. So those have been really well received and rightly so. Our operators, as you mentioned, really have been the beneficiaries in some cases of government funding that would principally be in the fourth quarter. Of course, that would benefit coverage.  But our statistics are really through the end of the third quarter, which is always on a 1 quarter lag, as you know. So they will be factored in. They'll be called out separately as we have with some of the health care providers in the supplemental materials. And so you'll be able to do your own analysis. But again, remember that the funding is really intended to be a bridge, if you will, to replace NOI that would otherwise be there and hopefully will otherwise be there in the future. So that's how we've been thinking about it.
Vikram Malhotra: Fair enough. But just to clarify, you don't anticipate the need. Given what you did in 2020, you don't anticipate the need for more rent adjustments or conversions near term?
Debra Cafaro: It really depends on COVID, just like almost every other answer we could give you on the call today. The operators are really hanging in there. As Justin said, they're doing an incredible job on health and safety. And right now, we're getting all the rent that we expect to receive and the operators are getting government funding in many cases. So that's a good picture. And if the leading indicators that we've discussed really take hold and gain traction and result in improved occupancy and NOI as we look forward in the year, then I think we feel okay about where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: So I guess, first one, just regarding the percent of SHOP communities open for move-ins, that data on the bottom of Page 11, the explantation looks pretty positive with that metric jumping up from around 80% in early January to now 95% just in the last month or so, those communities available for -- open for move-ins.  So I guess I'm just curious to hear more color. Is that driven more by either voluntary policy changes by the operators? Or is it more just changes in local government guidelines? And how much of this is simply driven by the benefits of the COVID vaccine, if we're able to get the extra color around all that as far as that improvement?
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes. So what you'll see is the -- first of all, 95% of our communities are open to move-ins. And then we segmented them based on just their restrictive environment. And what drives that, segment two and segment three, segment three is the most open, most consistent with pre-COVID lifestyle. Segment two has some restrictions, but you can certainly take move-ins. And it's the state and local health departments that are really weighing in on how open a community can be. And so those conversations are happening constantly. And it's very much driven by recent COVID activity, sometimes in the broader community, sometimes within our own communities. So that's fluid. But as you can tell from the overall picture that new cases are down and open communities are up. So it's looking good across the board.
Steven Valiquette: Yes. Okay. And one other quick question, since we spent, I feel, like half of this call discussing leads and move-ins, I think you just confirmed that the definition of a lead hasn't really changed for today versus 2019, when you're showing that data on Page 12. And if there is, it's just a quick one-liner on what officially defines a lead for you. It'd be great to remind us of that as well since that can differ sometimes from one company to the next.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So a lead is defined really, another way to put it, is an inquiry. And it's distinct. And so it's new. So each month, when you see our data, all the leads that we're representing are new to that month. We don't carry forward. And it's from -- any source, could be through the Internet, could be through referrals, could be a drive-by, for instance, any source that's interested in moving in is characterized as a lead.
Debra Cafaro: And that's remained consistent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street.
Lukas Hartwich: Just one left for me. So it looks like the majority of your loan investments are maturing or can be repaid early in 2021. So I was just hoping you could provide a little bit color of what you expect around that.
Debra Cafaro: Right now is that -- is they -- as you point out, they are open to repayment and some are also open to extension. So our current expectation is extension. But of course, that could change. And we always like to be repaid. So either way, I think we're in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: Maybe a follow-up on Steve's question earlier on the vaccination, COVID cases coming down. When you guys think like big picture, everyone -- it seems like by the end of this month, everyone is going to be vaccinated within your SHOP portfolio. Do you think you start seeing a pickup in movement because of that? Or is the customer's mindset to overall kind of COVID level across their community? And then how are your operators, I guess, going to respond to vaccinations? Like will they be able to increase visits? Because that feels like one of the big hurdles to getting people to move their parents in.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes. So first of all, just the fact that there has been vaccines available has played a role in some of the uptick in leads. So certainly, there's an expectation that when the vaccines are fully executed that, that attracts higher leads, more potential demand that would make perfect sense. In terms of defining the lifestyle moving forward, I mentioned that the health departments play an important role in working with operators to define that. Certainly, operators want a robust living experience, as I mentioned, for the residents. They're working hard to give the best lifestyle available. But they're going to work within health department guidelines. And I would expect that to continue for a period of time as they work through this next phase.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the opening comments. You mentioned that the severe weather that's hitting the country now isn't in guidance. Have any of your facilities been impacted by the power outages in Texas that you know of at this time?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, it's been a biblical year, when you really want to think about it with COVID and wildfires and hurricanes. And now we have this severe winter storms in places you'd least expected. So yes, I mean, I think everyone -- many people in the real estate business have significant investments in Texas. And almost all of them will be affected by the power outages and related storm impacts. And that would include us.  And again, our operators are taking extraordinary measures in the case of senior housing to make sure that employees and residents are safe. And often we see in senior housing that after something like this, we see an uptick in interest because a lot of people are alone in their homes, and that's -- you're better off kind of together when things like this happens. So yes, I mean, we have investments in Texas across the board. And we, like others, would be affected by something as significant as the recent storm.
Operator: And your last question in queue comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: It looks like the SHOP occupancy losses have been greater in the primary versus secondary, what you call other markets. What do you think in terms of recovery? Do you think the primary markets recover faster? And are you seeing any differences in lead trends so far?
Debra Cafaro: Good question. Again, the leading indicators are flashing green. And Justin will answer your segmentation question.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So there's been -- we've studied the performance throughout the pandemic. There's a little bit of a disconnection in terms of our expectations relative to COVID impacts on move-ins and geographies because of the virus has really become -- through the fourth quarter, it became more widespread and more impactful. So as we look ahead, we're really just looking into local markets and looking at the fundamentals I mentioned earlier relative to our position in that market. And there's -- some of the primary markets are really benefiting from a reduction in construction as a percentage of inventory, which we're supportive. But I think to get a real good read on -- to answer your question, I think we're -- we have to go a little further beyond the pandemic to get a clearer view.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the call back over...
Debra Cafaro: You've all been very patient. And I want to thank you, as always, for your interest in and your support of our company. We look forward to seeing you soon, and we hope that you and your family stay healthy, happy and optimistic.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Sarah Whitford, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sarah Whitford: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas third quarter financial results conference call. Earlier this morning, we issued our third quarter earnings release, supplemental and investor presentation. These materials are available on the Ventas Web site at www.ventasreit.com. As a reminder, remarks made today may include forward-looking statements including certain expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties in a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those [indiscernible]. For a more detailed discussion of these factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, all of which are available on the Ventas Web site. Certain non-GAAP financial measures will also be discussed in this call. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the Investor Relations section of our Web site. I will now turn over the call to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We want to welcome you to the Ventas third quarter 2020 earnings call. The Ventas team is dispersed but unified in spirit as we join you for today's call. I'd like to provide an overview of our consistent strategy, discuss our third quarter results, highlight how we are driving our research and innovation business forward, describe our competitive advantage and managing institutional third-party capital and touch on the positive senior housing operating trends that continue into October. Our enterprise continues to benefit significantly from our steady commitment over decades and various cycles to asset class, operator and geographical diversification. We aim to generate reliable growing cash flows from a high-quality diverse portfolio of assets on a strong balance sheet. We've seen that staying disciplined about diversification has protected the downside and also provided myriad opportunities for our stakeholders. The current environment is certainly proving out the merits of this strategy. First, our diversified portfolio is enabling the company to remain strong and stable, despite the disruption occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected our different asset classes and geographies in non-correlated way. Our medical office, research and innovation business and our healthcare triple-net lease business now represents over half of our enterprise. During the quarter, these asset classes have continued to perform well and led our third quarter performance, enabling us to deliver $0.75 of normalized FFO per share. Second, our diversified asset base with five verticals has given us the ability to continue successfully allocating capital over time and through cycles. For example, following the spinoff of our skilled nursing business, we invested in high quality health systems with [indiscernible], which is currently performing very well as hospitals have asserted their centrality to the health care delivery systems in the U.S. Also, just as we did when we allocated capital to the medical office building business a decade earlier, in 2016, we entered the research and innovation business, and we have found significant opportunities to drive that business forward since then, through both ground up development and asset acquisitions. The addition of life sciences to our enterprise has provided uplift to our results, our investment activity and our enterprise value. Two recent examples of the benefit of our diversified strategy include our investment in a $1 billion Class A Trophy Life Science Portfolio located in the Premier South San Francisco Life Science Cluster at a forward cap rate of 5% on cash NOI. The tenant base is a nice mix of public companies and a diverse group of early to mid-stage life science company. The South San Francisco market consistently ranks as one of the elite life science clusters. Spurred by record capital flows into the life science sector, this market has less than 2% lab vacancy, unparalleled access to a large concentration of life science firms and an extensive venture capital network going after the world class talent pool. We also recently recommenced construction on a 400,000 square foot state-of-the-art Life Sciences project known as One UCity in this thriving research sub-market of Philadelphia, bookended by 10 and Drexel. This project is designed to be LEED certified and total estimated project costs are over $280 million. Similarly, we've invested on a geographically diversified basis with over 30% of our shop portfolio now in Canada. Last year, we acquired the high-quality Le Groupe Maurice portfolio in Quebec. Building on the strong performance LGM has delivered and its history of successfully developing and leasing up senior communities for vibrant older adults. We are also investing nearly $420 million in ground up development of new consumer focused senior living communities, which are well underway. We do see areas where we can recycle capital too. We have recently sold or placed under contract certain portfolios of senior living assets that are not long-term holds for us. We want to continue making senior housing a key part of our diversified portfolio because of the operational asset class upside post-pandemic, the demographically driven demand that is in front of us and the continued improvement on the supply side. There remains a strong bid from private capital for senior living, which supports our conclusion. On the other side of the ledger, through our growing third-party institutional Capital Management Platform, we also continue to diversify our capital sources, augment our investment capacity, expand our footprint, leverage our team and industry expertise and improve our financial flexibility and liquidity, all of which are positive for our public shareholders. Having additional partners and tools to use at appropriate times and for customized situations, provides a significant competitive advantage for Ventas and as an incremental source of earnings. We already have over $3 billion in assets under management in our institutional third-party capital management platform. These forms include our successful open-end funds, launched in March of this year that has already grown to nearly $2 billion and 2 million square feet in assets under management. Following the South San Francisco Life Sciences portfolio closing, when we raised over 600 million of discretionary new equity, our fund exceeds $1 billion in equity capital, and continues to have additional committed capital to accommodate new investments. We've also today announced a new joint venture with GIC, one of the most respected global real estate investors. This joint venture covers four research and innovation development projects currently in progress with approximately 930 million in estimated project costs. Our joint venture with GIC may be expanded to over $2 billion with other pre-identified future R&I development projects currently in our pipeline if they go forward. While maintaining a majority interest in all these projects and receiving market-based compensation, our GIC joint venture enables us to align with a strategic partner, improve our liquidity and financial profile and accelerate our research and innovation development pipeline, including the recent construction commencement of the One UCity project in Philadelphia. The success of our open-end fund and the GIC partnership demonstrates a tremendous market opportunity within life science, medical office and senior housing real estate and also they are a testament to Ventas's excellent team and investment track record. Turning to the here and now, I'd like to provide some key observations about our U.S. senior housing operating portfolio. Importantly, in the third quarter, our operators continued to build on the improving trend that began in the second quarter. Our communities demonstrated sustained increases in leads and move-ins, which continued through October. While we are sober and clear eyed about the recent increase in COVID-19 cases nationally, to a record level of nearly 120,000 confirmed cases today, we believe in the strength of the senior living business as we look toward the post-pandemic environment. We are also appreciative that HHS has recognized the crucial role senior living plays in protecting vulnerable older Americans. HHS has allocated CARES Act funding to the assisted living community to partially mitigate the losses directly suffered because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Finally, we are encouraged by the progress being made by scientists and doctors on vaccines and treatments for COVID-19. Older Americans, including our residents, will be prioritized for vaccine distribution slated just behind first responders and frontline health care providers. Most of our operators have already registered with pharmacy distribution sources to administer the COVID-19 vaccine as soon as it becomes available. An effective, widely distributed vaccine will further improve conditions for a senior housing recovery. We are glad that we have significant embedded exposure to that upside in our diversified portfolio. Today, we published our corporate sustainability report that showcases our longstanding commitment to and leadership in ESG. Among other things, this report discloses our new environmental goals are consistent and growing investments in sustainability improvements in our portfolio, and our principles and practice, which is a series of case studies showing our actions on health and safety and COVID-19 describing our emergency preparedness, and demonstrating our customized framework to achieve greater gender and racial equality and social justice. In closing, let me reiterate that the long-term demographically driven thesis for healthcare real estate and for Ventas remains in place. I'm incredibly proud of our Ventas team. Our consistency and cohesion are great assets for all our stakeholders. All of us at Ventas have an abiding commitment to stay strong and stable and win the recovery. Justin?
Justin Hutchens: Thanks, Debbie. I'll start by mentioning the encouraging trends we continue to see in our shop portfolio. We are pleased to have had our first net positive move in month since the start of the pandemic in October and a majority of our portfolios delivering move ins at levels that are equal to or more than typical levels across the U.S. and Canada. The underlying demand for need driven senior housing in the U.S. and independent living services in Canada persists. While we are encouraged about these positive trends, we're mindful that the pandemic causes ongoing uncertainty and choppy waters in the senior housing business. I will also add that in spite of the near-term pressure on the sector, we remain committed to the senior housing business and excited about the supportive underlying supply demand fundamentals that should persist for years to come. Now I will review our third quarter senior housing results in the shop and triple-net portfolio and follow that up with some comments on our latest trends and outlook. First up, the shop, for the quarter, shop results were in line with the company's expectations. Our 395 assets sequential same-store pool comprising over 90% of our shop NOI, posted cash NOI of 109 million which is effectively flat versus the second quarter. Average occupancy was 130 basis points lower sequentially with improving trends inter quarter while RevPOR declined 30 basis points and grew 50 basis points in our U.S. and Canadian operating portfolios respectively. Leading indicators such as leads and movements also saw a consistent and positive trend intra quarter, both in absolute numbers and relative to prior year, highlighting the resilient demand for senior housing. In September leads and move-ins were 85% and 94%, respectively, as compared to the prior year. Third quarter revenue declined 3.6% which was offset entirely by 4.5%, lower operating expenses sequentially, primarily driven by lower COVID related expenses. As a reminder, all COVID-19 impacts including elevated testing, labor, cleaning and supplies costs have been reflected in property operating results. As with last quarter, I'll highlight our Canadian portfolio, which represents 33% of our shop portfolio and demonstrates the benefits of our diversification and a well-orchestrated public health response. The 72 communities within our sequential Q3 same-store pool, including our LGM investment was 93.2% occupied, which compares to an average of 93.7% for the second quarter, outperform in the U.S. on an absolute and relative basis. Same-store cash NOI on a sequential basis grew in Canada by over 10%. Moving on to our triple-net senior housing portfolio, in the third quarter and through October Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rent. Our underlying triple-net senior housing portfolio performance continues to be impacted by COVID-19, which we have been collaboratively addressing with our tenant partners. As a result of our proactive steps to improve coverage through mutually beneficial arrangements with Capital Senior, Holiday, Brookdale and other smaller tenants, our trailing 12 months cash flow coverage for senior housing is 1.4x. We also expect triple-net senior housing tenants will receive CARES Act funding, which will be a positive development. Now I'll address recent trends. As described earlier, demand characteristics supporting senior housing remain solid and leads and move-ins continue to improve since the low point in April and month-over-month in the third quarter. These trends persisted into October as we experienced net positive move-ins helped in part by selective move in incentives. Our operators successful execution of screening, protecting and testing protocols has been supporting a living environment that's more open and more robust than earlier in the pandemic. Currently, 96% of our communities are accepting move-ins. Moving on to our clinical results. As a result of the diligent efforts of our operators executing, testing and preventative protocols new resident COVID-19 cases more than 75% better than the peak seen in April, in spite of broader market trends of increased new infection rates among the U.S. general public. In regards to the Q4 outlook for shop, due to the uncertain environment, it is too hard to predict. However, we would expect occupancy to soften and we would expect expenses to be relatively flat at the current elevated levels as the health and safety of the residents and frontline caregivers is the biggest priority. In summary, we are encouraged by the continued improvement and leading indicators through the third quarter and October and we remain committed to the senior housing business moving forward. We are proud of our operators' efforts in the third quarter to successfully execute COVID-19 related protocols while focusing on the health and safety of frontline caregivers and residents. With that, I'll hand the call to Pete.
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks, Justin. I'll cover the office segment third quarter results and trends. Our office segment which now represents over 30% of Ventas' NOI continues to produce strong results and show its value proposition and financial strength and missed the pandemic. MOBs and research and innovation centers, the two lines of business within our office portfolio play a key role in the delivery of crucial health care services and research for life saving vaccines and therapeutics. The Office portfolio continued to provide steady growth delivering 126 million of same-store cash NOI in the third quarter. This represents a 40 basis points of sequential growth. You will note that the same-store cash NOI declined 2.2% year-on-year for the third quarter. However, we lapped a large $4.7 million termination fee in the third quarter of 2019. normalizing for this fee. The same-store cash NOI grew 1.5% from the prior year normalizing for the paid parking shortfall and increased cleaning costs due to COVID, same-store cash NOI grew by 2.8%. In terms of rent receipts, office tenants paid an industry leading 99% of contractual rents in the third quarter in line with the second quarter. This is without D docs for deferrals, which were de minimis. Substantially all granted second quarter deferrals that came due have been repaid and new granted, deferrals were negligible. As of November 6, our tenants have paid more than 99% of October contractual rents. Receiving 99% of total rent without D docs is a direct reflection of the quality of our tenants and the quality of our buildings. The solid result underscores the durability and quality of our tenant base. Remember 88% of MOB NOI is from investment grade tenants or HCA and 97% of our MOB NOI comes from tenants affiliated with major health systems, including some of the nation's most prestigious, not-fort-profit health systems. Most tenants have received significant amount of federal support through a variety of programs designed to assist healthcare providers in small businesses. As an example, we estimate that our top 10 Health System tenants have collectively received nearly 5 billion in CARES Act relief and 10 billion in Medicare advanced payments. For our R&I portfolio 76% of our revenues are received from investment grade organizations and publicly listed companies a very solid foundation. Third quarter 2020 office occupancy for the same-store portfolio was 91.1%, a sequential decline of 40 basis points due to several small tenants not reopening post COVID. This was partially offset by the lease up of research and innovation assets associated with the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and Washington University in St. Louis. Lab space continues to be in high demand and the R&I portfolio is now 97% leased an outstanding result. Medical office had a record level retention at 90% for the third quarter of 2020 and for the trailing 12 months. Driven by this retention total office leasing was 1.2 million square feet for the quarter and 2.7 million square feet year to-date. This is 400,000 square feet higher than our third quarter of 2019 leasing and 300,000 square feet higher than the third quarter 2019 year-to-date leasing. We also saw a positive space utilization trends that mirrored admissions in surgery volumes reported by the health systems. These trends have continued through October. As an example, paid parking is more than doubled from the depths of COVID but as recovered to 65% to 70% of pre-COVID levels, climbing but still below historical levels. All of our MOB buildings are open for business, and 100% of our MOBs are in counties that are restriction free for elective procedures. All R&I buildings are also open, supporting multiple critical research organizations in fighting the pandemic. We have over 15 major university relationships, all of which opened in the fall with some level of on-campus in person learning, influenced to do the same for the second semester. As Debbie mentioned, we are pleased to have added three R&A buildings in South San Francisco. Since going under contract, we have signed a large renewal and are experiencing a high level of leasing activity. This gives us confidence that our occupancy will soon build from the current state which is already 96% leased. During the third quarter, we received the results of our annual tenant satisfaction survey. I am pleased to report that this year's results were significantly higher than in prior years. In fact, when compared to other MOB portfolios by an independent third-party, our tenant satisfaction is in the top quartile. One of our highest rated scores was how our team supported our tenants during the pandemic. These essential field personnel who serve our tenants on-site during the pandemic, have done a terrific job. We are grateful for their effort and commitment. And we continue to focus on the health and safety of these personnel and our tenants. In sum, our tenant satisfaction, leasing, NOI and cash receipts were positive during the third quarter, a clear build from the second quarter and we look forward to continuing the normalization of healthcare in research operations as we entered 2021. With that, I'll pass the baton to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thanks, Pete. I'll touch on our healthcare triple-net lease portfolio before I close with some enterprise level commentary. During the third quarter, our healthcare triple-net assets showed continued strength and resilience as evidenced by receiving 100% of third quarter, October and November from our total healthcare tenants. Further trailing 12 months EBITDARM cash flow coverage for the second quarter of '20, related to the available information improved sequentially for all of our healthcare triple-net asset classes despite COVID-19. Both acute and post-acute providers have had early access to significant government funding to create liquidity and to mitigate losses related to the pandemic. Acute care hospitals trailing 12-month coverage was a strong 3.1x in the second quarter. Nationally hospital inpatient admissions and surgeries continue to rebound in Q3 and third quarter admissions approached over 90% of prior year levels. Arden continues to perform extremely well despite the challenging market conditions and is benefiting from over 90% of its hospitals residing in jurisdictions that are open for elective procedures. Herbs and health tax coverage improved 20 basis points to 1.5x in Q2 on the heels of government funding and significantly improved census. Health tax have increasingly proved their importance in the care continuum, with or without COVID. And finally, within our loan portfolio, our Colony, Holiday and Brookdale loans are all fully current. Turning to our third quarter financial performance, and let me start with Q3 GAAP net income, which includes $0.06 in non-cash charges as a result of COVID impacts. Most notably the write-off of straight-line rents across five tenants, with Genesis being the largest. These tenants are now on a cash basis and represent approximately 50 million of annual cash rent, notwithstanding the write-offs, all these tenants are current, and we will endeavor to collect all our contractual rents going forward. These non-cash charges are excluded from third quarter normalized FFO. We provided additional information in our supplemental on page 34. In terms of normalized FFO per share, we delivered $0.75 in Q3 2020 versus $0.77 in the second quarter. Shop and office NOI were stable sequentially, with the $0.02 reduction in FFO in the third quarter, as compared to the second described by the Brookdale rent reset in the third quarter. In the third quarter, we saw the results of the decisive actions taken earlier in the year to ensure a strong and stable Ventas. These included reducing our corporate cost structure by 25%, resulting in 30 million in annualized SG&A savings in Q3. We are also active in managing our balance sheet and liquidity, including paying down substantially all borrowings under our revolving credit facility, successfully tendering for 236 million of near-term bonds and issuing under our ATM to help fund the South San Francisco investments. Net-net, we feel good about our financial flexibility. Our liquidity is strong at 3.2 billion between available revolver capacity and cash on hand as of November 5. We have limited near-term debt maturities, access to diversified capital sources, strong fixed charge coverage and debt to gross asset value just 37%. To close, we're pleased with our performance in the quarter and the continuing improving trends in senior housing. The entire Ventas team is sharply focused on taking the actions that will enable us to win the recovery when the pandemic is finally behind us. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we're limiting each caller to one question with one follow-up to be respectful to everyone on the line. Also given the fact that we continue to be remote, I'd ask Debbie to do her Roethlsberger impression and quarterback our QA. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the formation of the GIC joint venture. And you guys have talked a lot about the R&I and how excited you are. And I'm just curious, how you thought about bringing in a partner and giving up some of the upside in these developments versus maybe selling other assets in the portfolio to kind of fund that.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Steve. I'll take that one. I think that, we're very excited about the GIC joint venture. We really believe it's helping us to accelerate our commitment to growing our R&I business and really moving that business forward. Basically, again, we've restarted our Philadelphia development of a significant life science building, we've got these three projects further underway. GIC is a great strategic partner, whether it's with this joint venture or on other potential activities, we're very happy to be partnered with someone of their expertise and quality. And, it gives us a really great way to continue to own a significant portion of those developments and their upside. And move the whole R&I business forward.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then just a quick follow up for Bob, I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. Did you say that you issued stock in the quarter to help fund the San Francisco purchase?
Bob Probst: Right, Steve, just step back a little bit, on the billion dollars transaction, the vast majority of that was 600 million of new equity across the fund and ourselves included newly raised equity. Within that our equity portion, we funded really two ways one through some dispositions of senior housing and second some modest ATM. So ultimately, that was the sources of uses for the deal overall.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And the debt piece was about a $400 million, attractive debt piece.
Operator: And your next question comes from Nicholas Joseph with Citi.
Nicholas Joseph: Deb, you mentioned the senior housing asset sales are some on the market, give some color on what the size of those portfolios are? And then, also what sort of pricing you're seeing in the market today?
Debra Cafaro: Right. Yes. The main point is really, we continue to - we continue to believe in senior housing and think it's an important part of our diversified business model. We definitely are open to recycling capital. The dispositions that I'm talking about are really over a couple hundred million of assets, some of which are sold, some of which are under contract. And those the kind of blended cap rate is around a six.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. So then just back to the GIC development JV, how did you think about getting paid or compensated for the value that you've created in the existing developmental asset?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, that's a great question. And I think we were very focused on again, partnering with a strategic partner. For us, this is much more than just about capital, which we can get in a myriad of ways as you can see, but having that strategic partnership and getting compensated with market-based measures, keeping half of the upside certainly. And then, generating as I mentioned in my remarks, additional income and profit sharing that are market-based. They give us a lot of confidence that we not only have a great partner but we are preserving as much of the upside as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Does the potential for federal oversight in regulations seniors housing make that business a potentially less attractive avenue for growth for Ventas going forward relative to some of your other businesses?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think, as I said, we believe in the business, the demographic demand is in front of us, the supply is continuing to improve. So we think there's upside there operationally and in terms of the business, we're benefiting, obviously, from some of the government's financial support, available to assisted living communities under the CARES Act, and we're grateful for that. With that, there certainly could be reporting or other requirements that I think would be appropriate about the clinical record and performance of senior housing, which frankly compares incredibly well, overall to the skilled nursing business, and we welcome that transparency.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And then just one more for me, can you walk us through why you raised equity via the ATM when you have plenty of liquidity? I understand the desire to manage leverage, but it was a very small amount. And the willingness to seemingly give shares away at a significant discount, the last time that was done a year ago sends a bit of a mixed signal, in my opinion, I just love to hear your views, rationale and how you thought about that. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to ask Bob to answer that. And again, talking about access to public and private capital. So Bob, can you take that question for Jonathan?
Bob Probst: Sure. I think the main point to start with is, the 600 million of equity for that transaction was principally sourced from new third party capital and principally via the fund. So demonstrating the ability to acquire an attractive set of assets, like the San Francisco assets, with partners, through the fund vehicle and that's the main -- the majority source of the fund. Within that Ventas has a portion I mentioned a call it 120 million. We took a balanced approach to that, Jonathan, frankly. Part of that equity was through attractive dispositions. And part of that is through the ATM in small size. And frankly, we have to keep our eye on leverage and think about our risk overall. So a balanced approach, but the majority, of course, of the equity coming from third-party private capital.
Jonathan Hughes: Right. But I mean, how did you just pulled it on the line, leverage would have gone up by I think, like 0.04 turns. So it just -- it seems kind of inconsequential as to why tap equity and why not just pull it down.
Debra Cafaro: Good math, I think that's currently Biden's lead in Georgia. Yes, again, it's a balanced approach, we continue to be active across all capital sourcing. And, it's just like the asset side of the balance sheet. We want to stay disciplined, keep in these different markets. And I think you could make a case either way for the ATM in that size, but we decided it was an appropriate way to fund part of that. And the other part is, as Bob mentioned, with the private capital, and then with asset sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. I want to talk a little bit about your near term seniors housing outlook, I believe Justin mentioned his prepared remarks that you expect occupancy will soften. What is this driven by, is it driven by the third COVID wave typical seasonal trends and like what type of volatility should we expect over the next few months, two quarters?
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to ask Justin to answer that with the overview that of course, we're in a very dynamic environment with the clinical trends nationally and so that's just something to keep in mind as you think about our near-term outlook.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would just add that we're certainly encouraged by the trends, they've been consistently going up in leads and move-ins. We had the net positive month in October that I mentioned. And the contributors to that were operators across the board in the U.S. and in Canada. So the trends are positive but the macro environment is concerning. So, it's difficult to predict the continuation of positive trends in the face of just the increase infections across the broader public in the U.S. And so that's really the biggest driver for our hesitancy to make predictions about continued positive improvements.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then, what type of competition are you seeing, I guess, from other operators in forms of rank cuts or rank concessions, and I know, Atria has kind of highlighted on its Web site that they're offering some free ramp right now, is that widespread dropped out of the portfolio? And will that weigh on near term results?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So I'll start with Canada, because that's the easy one, Canada has performed really well, their occupancy only dropped 50 basis points sequentially. All three of our Canadian operators contributed to NOI growth in Canada with LGM leading the way with more than with double-digit NOI growth getting 10% overall. So there's less kind of supply/demand dynamics there. And the virus was less impactful. So set Canada aside, then you get into the U.S. and what's been interesting in the U.S., if you look at the performance we've had throughout the pandemic. Early on, the Northeast was impacted because of the prevalence of the virus and we had to add more expense to deal with that from a PPE perspective, and also had an impact on our move out and move in activity. So the Northeast was impacted early. Since then, geographically, as we started to see these improving trends, the improving trends have been relatively equal across all geographies and across the operators for the most part, with some exceptions. But what operators are now facing as they want to continue these trends is some competition. And so in certain markets, and in certain asset classes, operators are starting to use some move-in incentives and in an environment where you have a high fixed cost business that benefits greatly from increased occupancy, you would expect to see that. And that's what we're seeing in the early stages at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Rich Anderson: So on the life science purchase, a kind of a departure from your university based business, which I guess is partially explains why it goes to the fund, maybe, maybe not but you can respond to that. But also, is there any kind of redevelopment angle in that portfolio, some understanding there some -- maybe some awkward orientation of some of the assets that need that could be addressed or is it pretty much a turnkey sort of situation?
Debra Cafaro: Rich, the asset is a essentially new asset that is, leased up to its current 96% area, in a very short period of time, we really liked the asset. And now I'll turn it over to Pete to talk about why we like to ask that. In terms of the capital, I would say the fund was really designed to be a competitive advantage for us in these really highly sought after trophy assets, where there's a huge amount of capital available to acquire them. But the cap rate is something -- in this case, it's a forward cap rate of five that may not always work perfectly in size, with the public capital markets. And so that's why having these different pools of capital is really advantageous for us as we continue to expand our life science footprint. Now just to say one other thing, I mean, we really have from 2016 just incredibly built out this business to a point where it's about 9 million square feet. And not only do we have presence on over 15 major research campuses that represent, like 10% of all the life science, university research in the nation, just our customers, but also, we've been in Cambridge for a couple years now. And so, we're now in two of the largest life science clusters with both Mass Ave that we acquired a couple years ago and now the South San Francisco investment. So those are some of the more capital answers that I would ask Pete to address why we like the portfolio.
Pete Bulgarelli: Yes. We feel very fortunate Rich to be able to enter the South San Francisco market on a scale, this is 800,000 square feet. So it's a terrific start for us. We also like the fact this building is highly differentiated from the competitors. It's got great views; it's got fantastic accessibility from the expressway. It's on the proper side of the expressway. And it's very close to the BART stations and Caltran. It's got onsite amenities. And as Debbie said, it's largely it's their new buildings and we're at 96% leased. It really drives towards a niche market 10,000 to 50,000 square foot tenants this fits perfectly for. And we have opportunity to enhance the 96% occupancy rate, we've got a lot of activity. And we think that we’ll be very close to 100% leased in a short period of time. Now, as you refer to an infrastructure, they are new and they're high quality buildings. But there are several floors in the buildings that are not built out for Life Sciences. So as those office tenants leave, we will do some construction to convert those floors into life sciences floors in the lab space.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Pete. And yes, the tenants in the work that we did, the tenants really liked the location and the characteristics of the building. So that's kind of proving itself out by the occupancy and leasing activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capitals.
John Kim: I was looking on the R&I joint venture, developing in the low 70s and I think you're contributing the asset cost. How does this compare to cap rates if we were to sell these assets in the open market for new assets?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. So, again, in terms of the strategic benefits of this transaction, the stabilized level of cap rates is about seven wins, they're fully leased and developed over time. And as I mentioned, we are keeping 50% of the assets and are generating kind of market based compensation and profit sharing as it relates to the upside.
John Kim: Okay. Seems like a similar cap rate when you bought the platform. My second question is on Brookdale Battery Park. Can you discuss how you expect occupancy to be impacted, given new competition from some of your peers in Manhattan? And also if you could discuss the ground lease potentially being reset as far as the timing and potential outcome?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Great. So I'm going to ask Justin to talk about operations but I just want to remind you that we acquired that asset at below replacement cost. It has been a successful asset in the market for a long time, it's a great physical plant. And in terms of the ground lease reset, we underwrote that quite carefully. And as is always the case, there's a silver lining to everything, and it's quite possible that the current environment and COVID-19 may give us a benefit on the rent reset when it becomes applicable. So Justin, do you want to talk to John about how you see the operations and upside post-COVID in the Battery Park asset in Manhattan.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. The Battery Park community has been a very strong performer consistently for us before the COVID environment And it's been -- it's now seeing more competition not in its direct market but in the New York Manhattan area, and that competition has entered at a higher price point. So we are positioned within our own price point as an intelligent product, we have a strong history there of solid performance, we expect there to be demand moving forward. It is a community that we've evaluated very closely and we'll continue to consider actions that can be taken to help us to be -- continued to be positioned competitive moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Mizuho.
Omotayo Okusanya: Congrats on the solid quarter. Question around universities based life sciences. Again, you pause the project, you're restarting it? I think that's a good thing. But I think the broader concern is what's happening with universities, amidst COVID, tightening budgets and things like that. Do you see that impacting demand going forward for university based life sciences?
Debra Cafaro: Good. I mean, again, we've now built this really nice business where the capital flows into life sciences are at record highs and with those record highs of capital flows, also demand for the life science, real estate. So we feel really good about getting in the business. And we feel good about being situated now, both with the universities and in the cluster markets of Cambridge and South San Francisco. Obviously, I mentioned that we really like diversification, we know that COVID is affecting different segments of our portfolio differently, currently, life science, including the university based life sciences in great demand. And the universities, in general, as leaders in research with significant government and other funding have continued to pursue research and developments throughout the pandemic. Clearly, if the pandemic continues at really high levels, there are all sorts of potential consequences to that. But we're looking forward to the fact that, frankly, within our buildings and elsewhere, we're hopeful that a vaccine is going to be developed and distributed that is going to help us coupled with a sound public policy, public health response, so that we will be post-pandemic before the academic year begins in 2021. So that's our base case. And in that case, we continue to like the life science business and we continue to be glad that we're associated with these research leaders at these universities.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow up. Kind of elections, it seems we're heading to Democratic president, Republican Senate, Democratic house, how do you think that helps or hinders the drive or the fight for additional help as a senior housing from a government perspective?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Yes. I mean, we are grateful that HHS has understood what a crucial role senior living play is for vulnerable older Americans during this pandemic. And my guess is, it's only a guess, obviously, because we don't even know what the results of the election are yet, but with a moderate democratic president, a democratic house and what will certainly be a closely divided Senate, that will push us toward more consistency in policy, more moderation in policy, more likely to be steady as she goes and that's quite a favorable backdrop for Ventas and hopefully for the country as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Maybe just first one on growing kind of senior housing and the platform -- during the platform from here. How should be thinking about potentially using this fund or other fund structure or kind of housing business. Whether it's contributing properties or just in the fun of acquiring senior housing finance, have kind of both end of the spectrum, like you have on balance sheet.
Debra Cafaro: You kind of broke up, I am sorry, but could you repeat your question?
Vikram Malhotra: What I was asking you is, how do you think about growing the senior housing platform using the fund structure like you've grown kind of MOB like sign for the O&I business as well, whether it's contributing properties from Ventas into the fund, or just using a fund structure to grow senior housing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Okay. I did hear that. Again, we really like the fact that we do have embedded upside in our business from senior housing. In terms of additional investments, we would obviously look at those investments depending on what their characteristics were. And now we have various tools at our disposal to figure out what would be the customized capital source for that type of acquisition. And the fund is really designed to be an open-end vehicle for core and core plus real estate, that's typically low cap rate, highly stable, low leverage assets, including senior housing. So in the case assets fit that profile, they could obviously be suitable for the funds. To the extent they are more value add or opportunistic, those could either be on balance sheet, and/or you could use some other form of private capital for them. Right now, we do have pension fund capital that really likes to do opportunistic, value add, and ground up development in senior housing. So that's another pocket of capital that we've had available for a while, that we could use for those types of opportunities if we wanted to do so.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, make sense. And then just a follow up, say, you get a vaccine at the end of the year and it's distribution plans were laid out, how do you think about regaining the last occupants in senior housing, between sort of the levers of occupancy and rent growth and in any other levers and just trying to get a sense of the -- on the rent cycle equation, how you would pull that lever?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And that I'm going to turn that over to Justin, that's really been the key, obviously, of, having move in succeed move out for in which, we've attained as Justin described in October, and then how to gain back the occupancy. So Justin, would you would you take that on?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So, just to back up, the big change that occurred across our portfolio and we've seen this across the sector, throughout the pandemic, really was the operators ability to safely offer a more robust living environment that was a big driver and what the key driver being the residents desire to be able to visit with their relatives once they move in. And also enjoy some amount of amenities that you typically enjoy in senior housing and throughout the pandemic, that's obviously improved. And you can see leads and move-ins and demand has persisted. In the case where there's a vaccine and that the virus is either eliminated or less impactful then you can restore the lifestyle back to where it was pre-pandemic and we would expect that to be very supportive of senior housing and you're doing it at a time when you have your demographics are really supportive, too. I mean, the 75 plus CAGR is going to be 10x that of the remaining population over the next five years. New starts are at nine-year low, deliveries are down by half year-over-year. So there's a lot of support, especially if we can get a vaccine. Now, predicting what that's really going to deliver is nearly impossible. All we can really point to is the moving parts and the lifestyle and the care delivery that residents are accessing and the availability of it. And I think in the post vaccine environment it's very supportive of growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: I would like to just start, so Bob, you mentioned keeping an eye on leverage. So first, given your development funding commitments, should we expect you to continue to fund with equity raised under the ATM? And then, maybe along the same lines, have you had conversations with the rating agencies surrounding your leverage at 6.8x, net debt to EBITDA and are they receptive to looking at pre-COVID NOI on the seniors housing portfolio?
Bob Probst: Sure, Jordan. So let's start with the rating agencies, you were in consistent dialogue with the rating agencies, as you would expect. They're an important stakeholder, clearly, for the whole of the sector, ourselves included, there's been a lot of attention paid and rightly so to the senior housing trajectory. And so, the main focus of our conversations with them as it is with you, is what is that trajectory look like? And we've been encouraged, as we said, numerous times by the trends thus far. So that's good. In the meantime, of course, being smart, being prudent, managing the balance sheet appropriately. And demonstrating our commitment to financial strength and flexibility is what we're doing, whether it's accessing third-party capital, selling assets, things like that to make sure we stay in the right zip code. And so that's our approach. At the end of the day, the senior housing recovery is going to be very helpful to the leverage situation. But in the meantime, be smart about how we manage things.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Then maybe the follow up just on the GIC, JV, I was also struck by who's contributed, essentially, what seems to be cost even though it was pre-leasing and you seemingly have created some value? Have you guys considered monetizing the stabilized R&I portfolio or would you consider monetizing that?
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie. Look, we're constantly evaluating our capital sourcing, as we've talked about sort of at length this morning. We're really happy to have a variety of ways to source public and private capital, debt capital. If you'll recall, when we launched our fund in March, we actually seeded it with some stabilized R&I and MOB assets at attractive cap rates, as you know, sits at a significant profit. And as I've mentioned, with respect to the R&I development JV, here, we have a strategic partner, we've retained 50% of the assets. And we also have kind of market-based compensation, that all of which together including our retained interest gives us a significant part of the upside while also managing our financial strength and flexibility in our risk profile. So we feel good about that all on balance. And certainly, we can will consistently evaluate the portfolio for capital recycling opportunities and profit-making opportunities of all types.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: You mentioned GIC was brought and not just as a capital partner but also for strategic reasons, could maybe elaborate on what they bring strategically to the JV?
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean, I would just say that, we're very particular about who we would be partners with. GIC is obviously one of the world's leading real estate investors. We have a good relationship with them. We've known them for a long time. And we the optionality or we like having a relationship with them because we certainly in the case of other types of investments or activities, they could be a good strategic partner for us across asset types. If we felt that that was appropriate. So we think establishing a good relationship with them could benefit our entire enterprise and public stakeholders over time.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay, appreciate that, Debbie. And then you mentioned potential additional senior housing asset sales. I think you mentioned you said they were being marketed at six cap, or that's what they're expected to sell at? Are those shop or net lease assets? And then, is that cap rate you're quoting is that a trailing 12-month basis or a more current NOI.
Debra Cafaro: So that's really a combination of assets that we sold in the third quarter and a portfolio that we have under -- that we have targeted for sale. And they're both triple-net leased assets. And again, you know, very consistent with other market data, and that's based more on sort of current NOI trends in today's environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: So I just wanted to follow up on the senior housing portfolio, the moving trends you talked about and the spot occupancy benefits so far. And in October, it was is the message, delivered I know, you talked a little bit about this. But it's the message though that occupancy is off in October, but we shouldn't necessarily assume that that occupancy benefit lasts through the fourth quarter, because of your weaker move in period historically, etc.
DebraCafaro: Yes. I mean, I think look we had good results, our trends are good. Those trends have been sustained improvement in demand and move in from the nadir of this pandemic, in April, and it's been month-over-month, consistent traction, showing that demand and value propositions for senior living and I think that, it's important to, to take a moment on that and appreciate that and celebrate it. On the other hand, we know that we are in a pandemic, that creates a lot of uncertainty and unpredictability. And so, we want to, we want to discuss the facts, share how really positive what evidence, positive evidence that is of the benefits of the asset class, and what kind of recovery the asset class can have. But at the same time, be humble about the fact that the virus creates unpredictability, as does normal fourth quarter, history, as you mentioned.
Nick Yulico: Right. Okay. I guess, in terms of this year thinking about, fourth quarter, first quarter next year, I mean, typically, the business will experience some sort of sequential occupancy, pressure because of flu. And is, that a going to be in a dynamic again, coming up or as soon as some of that occupancy pressure, as obviously already happened, I guess they're just trying to figure out in terms of an occupancy rebound, if, we should be thinking more about the spring as really kind of the earliest opportunity for occupancy benefit, given what historically happens in the fourth quarter and first quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, let's not talk about that win, it's the right time to do so. I'll be very happy when we're talking about the flu again, and not COVID.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Bernstein with Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: I'm the two quick questions on seniors house and one, how do you view the threat of home health to senior housing, there's been a, I guess a number of CMS initiatives to more at home care, and we'll see what happens given a new administration, but how do you see the threat of home health a senior counting into? How do you see the CapEx needs for seniors housing going forward in a kind of a post-COVID environment, there's been a lot of talk about needs for smaller dining rooms or, I guess more medical care or higher acuity, especially post-COVID. So just try to think about those two items somehow in CapEx?
Debra Cafaro: Well, the senior housing is supposed to be a social environment. That's important when we think about the differences between home health and senior housing, but I'm going to turn it over to Justin to take your questions.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, as it pertains to home health, home health tends to be supportive of independent living, which is about half of our senior housing portfolio, allows residents to receive, any medical attention they might need in care and services within their NFL living apartments. It's certainly been a service that's been offered for many years and a part of the continuum that's been offered to seniors. In terms of assisted living, assisted living is well positioned to take care of residents that have higher acuity needs and memory care needs. And we would expect that that need would continue as well. And then, in terms of what was the follow up question?
Daniel Bernstein: CapEx means that may be needed within the portfolio, or even redevelopment opportunities. The other way to look at it is, are there increased CapEx needs? And on the flip side, there are development opportunities that are coming out of COVID?
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would say that the asset class certainly benefits from ongoing investment. And our portfolio has been well invested over time. And that's important to remain relevant and competitive within our market. And I would expect that to continue. I would also expect to see certain markets that probably benefit from redevelopments or a broader refresh. And we definitely have a list of projects that are under review for -- when we get out of this pandemic, and definitely that the asset class benefits from the CapEx and should continue to moving forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street.
Lukas Hartwich: So for life science, now that Ventas has a JV for new development and acquisition? How will the company evaluate new opportunities going forward? Are they all going to go into a JV? And if not, what determines whether they go in a JV or not?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Lucas, this is Debbie. That's a very clear answer. So the GIC joint venture is for basically these four projects that are underway, including the UCity development that we started construction on, and we believe that JV again, is going to accelerate our ability to drive this business forward. And there's a handful of identified projects in our pipeline that could go in that JV, full stop. Then, as we talked about, when we launched the open-end fund in March, that is really designed to be able to capture low cap rate, high quality core assets that would be very difficult for Ventas to buy on balance sheet. And at the assist part of the cycle and that's kind of how the segmentation is designed. It gives us lots of options, again, particularly at a time when the public markets may be disrupted as a result of COVID-19. And that creates significant value for our public shareholders and leverages our platform in a very positive way.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: When the shop portfolio you mentioned that the revenue decline in 3Q was offset by the lower COVID related operating expenses, 4% to 5%. Lower. And for 4Q, you expect the shop operating expenses to remain flat at current elevated levels. So I guess the question is, hopefully I didn't miss this. But was there any disclosure in the slides just on the total dollar amount of COVID related expenses? Ventas and your partner's have absorbed in the shop portfolio? And if not, we're just looking for more data points, you can give around that either as a percent of revenues and therefore just impact the NOI margins, or even just, again, any rod dollar amount of COVID expenses, either in 3Q or prior quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Sure. I'm going to ask Justin to answer that.
Justin Hutchens: I saw that the COVID expenses from Q2 to Q3 went down by about half. But we're still carrying around 15 million of COVID expense. So we're still running at an elevated level. But we do think that the overall expenses sequentially will be flat.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. One quick follow up just on slide 15 in the slide deck, wasn't really sure what the point that of other than thank you for not using blue and red colors on that slide. But just want to do just get more color on kind of what the takeaway was from that particular…
Debra Cafaro: Which page so we can…
Steven Valiquette: That has a U.S. map?
Debra Cafaro: Oh, yes. We like that flag. We will share that with you. It's supposed to show our -- the extent of our NOI in different markets, where there is significant new confirmed cases of COVID, which is shown by the backdrop of green, red and yellow. So where are there more and less kind of COVID cases? Where do we have more or less NOI? And importantly, within those geographies, where do we see move in as a percent of prior year. So for example, you can see that in the New York area, the COVID pandemic confirmed cases are lower, New York is green. You can see we have a lot of NOI there because their bubble is large and that the movements are above 75% of our prior year level. So yes, that's, that's kind of -- we really love this map. And I think it gives investors kind of, especially, in the earlier parts of the pandemic, where there was a little bit of -- and it continues to be a little bit of geographical movement of the virus and how that could be affecting the different markets where we have senior housing operating assets. I have to give Justin credit, it was his --Justin's brainchild that I really like it.
Operator: Your last question comes from Sarah Tan with JPMorgan.
Sarah Tan: So just once you've past COVID and occupancy recovers, do you think the operating margin of the senior housing business will be materially different from what it was hitting to the pandemic, just given all the moving parts of the COVID-19 expenses and I assume some of that will be carried forward with all the security measures in place?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I'm going to turn that over to Justin, and then we'll wrap up.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to margin, I'll start with the defense side of the question. If we're in a post pandemic situation, I would expect expenses to normalize. There may be a little bit very small amount of carrying cost per PPE that wasn't used previously, that's proven to be helpful combating the virus, but it's not going to be a material impact. The big help to margin is really going to be the revenue growth as it comes back. And like I said earlier, there's a lot of underlying drivers that support potential revenue growth when we get out of this pandemic. So, this is a very high fixed cost business, when you get occupancies back up into the historical levels of the high 80s and move at certain markets in the 90s margins. Go with it significantly. So, there'll be a recovery period but to expect margins to be somewhat similar to previous levels once we get there.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And thank you for that question, Sarah, because there is a lot of operating leverage that, will be fairly powerful to the upside off of these occupancy levels as Justin said. When we get to the post-pandemic recovery of senior housing and the demographic demand. So that is the end of our call today. I want to sincerely thank everyone for joining us. And, as always, for your interest in and support of Ventas, we are all here working very hard for you. And we're committed to winning the recovery. Thank you and I hope you stay safe. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Sarah Whitford, Investor Relations. Thank you. The floor is yours.
Sarah Whitford: Thanks, Tina. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company’s announcement today regarding its results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company’s operations and results is included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and the company’s other SEC filings. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. Before I hand the call off to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company; I’d like to note that we’ve posted an investor presentation this morning on our website, which includes helpful information that the team will reference in our prepared remarks. With those formalities out of the way, I’ll hand it over to Debbie.
Debra A. Cafaro: Nicely done, Sarah, and thank you. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. And welcome to the Ventas second quarter 2020 earnings call. I sincerely hope that you are safe and healthy and staying positive as the COVID-19 pandemic persists in our country. I’m proud to say that the Ventas team has been cohesive skilled and enormously hard-working as we’ve addressed key issues and weathered the initial storm created by the pandemic. We still have a long way to go, and conditions remain highly uncertain and uneven, but we are encouraged by second quarter performance and trends, which have continued into July. Our enterprise benefited significantly in the second quarter from our long-standing commitment to asset class, operator and geographical diversification. We delivered $0.77 of normalized FFO per share in the quarter, led by our medical office building, research and innovation and health care triple-net business, which collectively represent nearly half of our enterprise. As a result of the pandemic, we recorded a number of non-cash charges in the quarter, primarily focused on senior housing. These items reflect the conditions affecting senior housing we shared with you in late June, and our expectations remain unchanged regarding our business prospects and potential from that point. As expected and consistent with those communications, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected our senior housing financial results in the quarter. Our SHOP portfolio experienced the maximum occupancy impact from mid-March through April, particularly in our large, high quality, high rate, New York and New Jersey communities. Since then, we are heartened to see the resilience of demand for senior living and the recognition of the value our industry provides to seniors and their families. We saw sustained intra-quarter improvement in leads and move-ins and clinical results for our residents that continues into July. Atria has led the way. And as we previously anticipated, operators at virtually all of our communities are currently open to new resident move-ins and the vast majority of our communities are offering residents an enriched living environment. The focus of our operators now is to safely increase move-ins and stabilize occupancy. And then seek to rebuild occupancy towards pre-pandemic level. We are proud of our early and rigorous focus on health and safety, and our leadership in adopting testing protocols to keep seniors and frontline caregivers safe. We have also taken decisive actions during and after the quarter to keep Ventas strong and stable for all those who depend upon us. These include adjusting our cost structure by $25 million to $30 million annualized to further enhance our efficiency and effectiveness while preserving our core competencies of capital raising, investment, asset management and service in the field. Increasing our liquidity, which currently stands at $3.5 billion, and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Conserving capital through the reduction of capital expenditures and our dividend. Taking proactive steps to address the financial impact of the pandemic with our two largest senior housing tenants, Brookdale and Holiday, resulting in mutually beneficial transactions with both large operators. For Holiday, we are pleased that we converted our 26 independent living communities operated by Holiday to SHOP. And we recently announced the deal with Brookdale that provides Ventas shareholders with certainty, flexibility and the opportunity for upside on industry recovery and creates better lease coverage and a stronger tenant. We appreciate our constructive relationship with both companies and management teams, and continuing to advocate for seniors with federal policymakers. Because of the crucial role senior living care providers play in protecting our vulnerable senior population and the impressive clinical record in our industry. We remain respectfully hopeful that HHS will provide much deserved and needed financial support to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. We also continue to explore opportunities to grow our enterprise and our investment team is being active, yet selective. I’d highlight, in particular, the strategic advantage of the open-end fund we successfully launched in March with access to institutional capital and a well-performing core of quality assets under management. The fund is another tool that will enable us to expand our footprint, leverage our team and industry expertise and create value. We also continue our capital allocation focus on our expanding research and innovation business. While the existing R&I portfolio continues to deliver outstanding performance. We also have two major projects well underway with leading research institutions at the University of Arizona and the University of Pittsburgh, both expected to deliver next year. In addition, we just broke ground on Drexel’s academic tower in uCity market of Philadelphia. Together, these three developments represent over $600 million in aggregate investment and are over 80% pre-leased to highly rated tenants. Our team continues to work with our development partner, Westford, to build our pipeline of R&I projects that will be actionable as soon as the time is right. We were pleased to welcome Marguerite Nader to our diverse, independent and experienced Board in July. Marguerite is a top-notch CEO and real estate executive, and we look forward to benefiting from her insights as we move the company through the pandemic and forward. In closing, the long-term demographically driven thesis for healthcare real estate and for Ventas remains in place despite the near-term disruption caused by the pandemic. We see resilient demand and strong performance in our different business lines and have taken decisive actions, so Ventas can successfully navigate through current conditions and capture opportunities. We will continue working together for the benefit of all our stakeholders. And now I’m pleased to ask Justin to discuss our senior housing business.
Justin Hutchens: Thanks, Debbie. Let me start by noting that we witnessed an impact from COVID-19 on the senior housing industry in the second quarter that is truly unprecedented. That said, I am proud of how our industry came together in a crisis to protect health and safety for the most vulnerable segment of our population. I’d like to publicly acknowledge all the hard work, dedication and skill of our employees, operators, tenants and their teams and frontline care providers for their courageous efforts throughout this pandemic. I’ll start with a quick overview of our results in the SHOP and triple-net portfolio. It seems like agent history, but we began the year and SHOP with a strong first quarter performance with NOI growth of 6% versus fourth quarter 2019 when excluding COVID impacts. The second quarter was a different story as our SHOP operators battled the pandemic. Second quarter 2020 average monthly occupancy came in approximately 470 basis points lower than first quarter average monthly occupancy for our same-store senior living operating portfolio pool. At the end of the second quarter, occupancy stood at 80.6%. COVID-19 related operating expenses totaled $42 million, and after netting $15 million of estimated mitigating cost savings the OpEx impact totaled $27 million, and therefore, total operating expenses grew 3.4% sequentially, which improved from previous expectations. All COVID-19 expenses, including testing, labor and supplies have been reflected in property operating results. RevPOR declined 2.9% sequentially due to the disproportionate clinical impact in New York and New Jersey when these high red four communities were locked down, and occupancy loss was most pronounced in the Northeast. Net-net, as expected, cash NOI for our 390 asset sequential same-store portfolio declined from $165 million in the first quarter to $106 million in the second quarter, a reduction of $59 million. I’ll highlight our Canadian portfolio, which generated 30% of our SHOP NOI. It demonstrates both the benefit of our diversification strategy and a well-orchestrated public health response. Our 68 communities within our sequential Q2 same-store pool, including our recent investment in Le Groupe Maurice, were 94.2% occupied, which compares to an average of 96.3% in the first quarter, outperforming the U.S. on an absolute and relative basis. Additionally, our independent living portfolio more broadly, inclusive partly of Le Groupe Maurice and Holiday Retirement, have demonstrated resilience during the pandemic, significantly outperforming assisted living, specifically, I’d like to highlight our Holiday portfolio. Since converting the SHOP, NOI has approximated 7,000,589 in May and June, representing a 1.1% improvement over prior year and ahead of our pre-COVID budget. Moving to our triple-net senior housing portfolio. In the second quarter and through July, Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rent. Our underlying triple-net portfolio performance broadly followed the same trends as our SHOP portfolio. And as a result, we have been taking actions to proactively address certain leases. I’m really happy we’ve been able to reach mutually beneficial arrangements with Capital Senior Living, Holiday Retirement and Brookdale Senior Living already this year. I really look forward to working with these management teams to optimize each respective portfolio. Now I’ll address recent trends. First and foremost, I am pleased to report that the demand characteristics supporting senior housing remained solid even in the face of the pandemic as we have seen leads and move-ins improved since the low point in April. And it’s important to note, this trend persists in markets that have long since faced the virus such as New York and New Jersey and those that are still experiencing high new cases per day, such as California, Texas, Florida and Arizona. As we reported to investors in June, the key leading indicator of demand is communities loosening restrictions and allowing for a richer resident experience and most crucially, allows structured family visits and small group dining and activities. It is very encouraging to see that 86% of our communities are offering this lifestyle, which with appropriate infection control practices and testing protocols is getting much closer to the pre-COVID living experience. We are pleased to support a proactive industry-leading testing program, including our partnership with Mayo Clinic labs that served as one component of a thoughtful reopening approach and has yielded over 59,000 resident and employee tests to date. In regards to our clinical results, although lessening, we are still facing pockets of increased virus activity, which has caused some of our communities to reverse course and increase restrictions throughout recent weeks. However, as Debbie noted, we currently have the highest number of communities accepting move-ins since the beginning of the pandemic at 96%. New resident cases per day in the Ventas portfolio peaked in April at 26 per day and have averaged only 8 per day in May through July, and thus far in August, we are only averaging 4.5 new resident cases per day. 89% of our communities have either never had a confirmed resident case and/or have not had a case in 14 days. As a reflection of the diligent efforts by our operators, we have continued to see improvement in our leading indicators. We ended July occupancy at 80.1%, which is approximately a 50 basis point decline since June as the deceleration in occupancy decline continues. The improving lead and move-in trend through July also persist. Our move-ins are 72% and our leads are 74% versus prior year, respectively. Our movements, however, have not yet covered are move-outs and therefore resulted in lower occupancy. While we are encouraged by the improving leading indicators and evidence of strong demand drivers and moderating expenses, we do not expect to experience stabilized NOI performance until our move-ins and move-outs level out. All things considered, we are steadily making progress towards a stabilized performance. In summary, we are cautiously optimistic regarding the positive leading indicator trends we are seeing in our senior housing portfolio. The efforts and success of our operators in providing more robust safe living environments for seniors, and the meaningful improvements to move-ins and leading indicators we’ve seen since April. However, we remain measured in our outlook because of the uncertainty of the pandemic, its continuing financial impact on our senior living business and the cost of stabilizing and recapturing occupancy in our communities while focusing on the health and safety of frontline caregivers and residents. With that, I’ll hand the floor to Pete.
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks, Justin. I’ll cover the office segment second quarter results and trends. Our office segment, which now represents 30% of Ventas’ NOI continues to show its value proposition, financial strength and growth amidst the pandemic. MOBs and research and innovation centers, the two lines of business within our office portfolio, play a key role in the delivery of crucial health care services and research for life-saving vaccines and therapeutics. For the second quarter of 2020, reported office same-store cash NOI increased by 2.7% year-over-year. This outstanding result was led by our R&I portfolio, which grew 14.4%, driven by strong lease-up and with occupancy improving by 500 basis points and rent growth of 6.1%. Strong performance in our university based developments affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania and Washington University fueled our growth. This growth was partially offset by a modest 40 basis point decline in the medical office portfolio. It was driven by a difficult comparison period, lower paid parking receipts and increased cleaning expenses caused by COVID-19. After adjusting for these factors, office and MOB same-store, cash NOI versus prior year would have grown by 5.7% and 2.3%, respectively. These results exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Office occupancy grew by 20 basis points sequentially in the second quarter, with occupancy in our 361 asset sequential same-store pool, reaching 91.4% as of June 30. MOB retention has increased to record levels, at 97% for second quarter of 2020. Total office leasing, which includes renewals and new leasing, was 860,000 square feet for the quarter, and nearly 1.5 million square feet year-to-date. Lab space continues to be in high demand in our R&I portfolio, which is currently 97% leased. This is a clear opportunity area. In terms of rent collections, office tenants paid an industry-leading 99% of contractual rent in the second quarter. This is without D docs for deferrals, which were de minimis. And actually half of those deferrals have already been repaid. Collecting 99% of total rent is a direct reflection of the quality of our tenants and the quality of our buildings. Most tenants have received significant amount of federal support through a variety of programs designed to assist health care providers in small businesses. As an example, we estimate there are top 10 health system tenants have collectively received nearly $3 billion in CARES Act relief and $10 billion in Medicare advance payments. As of August 6, 2020, our tenants have already paid more than 97% of July rents. This is a faster collection pace than experienced during the second quarter. This solid result underscores the durability and quality of our tenant base. 88% of MOB NOI is from investment-grade tenants, or HCA, and 97% of our MOB NOI comes from tenants affiliated with a major health system. For our R&I portfolio, 76% of our revenues are received from investment-grade organizations and publicly listed companies. A very solid foundation. We also saw positive space utilization trends intra-quarter that mirrored admissions and surgery volumes reported by the health systems. For example, in our MOB portfolio, essentially all of our physicians were back to work in June. Patient visits and paid parking activity more than doubled in June from the depths of April. These trends have continued in July, although still below historical levels. All of our MOB buildings are open for business, and 94% of our MOBs are in counties that are restriction free for elective procedures. To ensure the safety of our tenants, their patients and our employees, we have set up screening at certain building entrances and enhance our cleaning protocols. All R&I buildings are also open, supporting multiple critical research organizations in fighting the pandemic. We have 16 major university relationships, all of which anticipate opening in the fall with some level of on-campus in person learning scheduled. Essential field personnel who have continued to serve our tenants on-site through the pandemic have done a terrific job. We’re grateful for their effort and commitment, and we continue to focus on the health and safety of these personnel and our tenants. Finally, I’m pleased to let you know that our doctor center medical office building associated with an Emory Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, play second at the Bauma International Tobi awards in the best renovated all office building category amongst all submissions across the globe, an extraordinary example in utilizing our capital to reinvigorate a well-located medical office building associated with a strong health system. In sum, our occupancy, NOI and cash payment results and trends were outstanding during the second quarter. During this difficult time, we are honored to be caring for the caregivers, the physicians, the hospitals, scientists and researchers who bring hope and comfort to those in need. With that report, I’ll pass the time to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thanks, Pete. I’ll touch on our health care triple-net lease portfolio before I close with some enterprise level commentary. During the second quarter, our health care triple-net assets showed continued strength. As evidenced by receiving 100% of second quarter, July and August rents from our health care triple-net tenants. Acute and post-acute providers have had access to significant government funding to create liquidity and mitigate losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic. In terms of rent coverage through Q1, acute care hospital coverage was a strong 3 times. Nationally, hospital inpatient admissions and surgeries rebounded in Q3 with differences by market. 100% of Ardent’s hospitals are in states or counties that are open for elective procedures. Ardent continues to perform extremely well despite the challenging market conditions. LTACs have proven their value proposition in the pandemic, and census has benefited from the increasing need for hospital capacity due to COVID-19 as well as the ultimate discharge of patients into this important care setting. The majority of this benefit began to accrue in the second quarter, so was not yet reflected in the coverage stats reported today. IRF census initially declined due to lower surgeries and acute care volumes, but census has improved since mid-April and has benefited from rate enhancements. SNFs experienced notably higher mortality rates with census down dramatically and the most profitable rehab patients also down. But have also benefited from significant government support. Turning to our second quarter financial performance. Let me start with Q2 GAAP net income. In the second quarter, we recognized net income of $50 million for the Holiday transaction. And even though our second quarter rent collections were robust across the business, we assess the go-forward collectibility of future rents in the context of COVID. We also took the appropriate step in the quarter of evaluating the values of certain of our assets as a result of the material impact of the pandemic. As a result, we took several noncash charges in the quarter, largely driven by senior housing. First, we wrote down the value of select senior housing real estate assets by $109 million included in D&A. This reduction represents less than half of 1% of our total net real estate asset base of nearly $21 billion. Second, though we collected substantially all of the expected triple-net senior housing rent in the second quarter, we wrote out $54 million of accrued straight-line rent receivables in Q2, primarily representing eight tenants in our triple-net senior housing business and converted those senior housing tenants to a cash basis with annual cash rent of approximately $80 million. Notwithstanding the reserve, we’ll endeavor to collect all our contractual rents going forward. Third, we took a non-cash tax charge in Q2 of $56 million, and fourth, though our loan portfolio is fully current through the second quarter, we took a $40 million allowance for credit losses against our investments in a handful of small loans as well as a charge for unconsolidated entities. I’d note that we did not take credit allowances against our Holiday or Colony loan investments. Before mentioned Holiday transaction and non-cash charges are excluded from our normalized FFO. We provided additional information in our supplemental on Page 35 and in our press release. In terms of normalized FFO per share, we delivered $0.77 in the second quarter versus $0.97 in the first, the $0.20 change was a function of the reduction in SHOP NOI. As we showed you in June, SHOP NOI in the second quarter was, on average, $20 million lower per month than Q1. Our second quarter FFO, same-store NOI and SHOP RevPOR results reflect the full quarter impact of the early and significant loss of SHOP occupancy in March to April in the important high RevPOR New York and New Jersey markets. As Debbie described earlier, we took decisive actions in Q2 to ensure Ventas is in a strong and stable financial position to weather the impact of the pandemic, including adjusting our cost structure, lowering our dividend and enhancing our liquidity. In July, as a result of these actions and a stable capital markets backdrop, we paid down substantially all borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As a result, as of August 5, the company has available liquidity of approximately $3.5 billion, including $2.9 billion of undrawn revolver capacity, $600 million in cash, no commercial paper outstanding and the minimal near-term unfunded obligations. Finally, debt to gross asset value in the second quarter was 37%. I’ll close with a few comments on the third quarter. As Justin described in SHOP, spot occupancy at the end of July is estimated as 80.1%, representing approximately a 50 basis point decline over the course of the month based on interim information provided by Ventas’ operators. This compares to a Q2 average monthly occupancy decline of approximately 150 basis points. If current conditions hold, we expect SHOP occupancy and NOI to sequentially decline in the third quarter albeit at an improved pace versus the $20 million per month average NOI reduction we saw in the second quarter. Nonetheless, the environment remains uncertain. Our operators continued emphasis in Q3 is on keeping residents and staff safe and building leads and move-ins with the goal of stabilizing occupancy. We’ll account for the Brookdale transaction in the third quarter, which we estimate as a $0.02 to $0.03 per quarter impact going forward versus the second quarter results. In Q3, we expect to fully realize the benefits of reducing our G&A cost structure as well as paying down our revolver. To close, this quarter has underscored, like never before, the importance of a diversified model operated by leading providers. We are confident that we have a portfolio, operators and tenants and team to weather this storm. Looking further ahead, health care real estate continues to offer compelling, demographically driven growth potential, and Ventas is well positioned to benefit from these powerful tailwinds. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we are limiting each caller to two questions to be respectful to everyone on the line. Also given the fact we’re still remote, we’ll ask Debbie to act as quarterback for the Q&A and to pass the football to the Ventas team as needed. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. I wanted to talk a little bit about the seniors housing trends, I guess, the leading indicators. It looked like in July, the improvement of up 70% over the prior year is similar to June. Does that mean that the leads trends is flat or are we continuing to see an increase as we go through July and beyond?
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning, Mike. Justin will take that one.
Justin Hutchens: Good morning. So if you look closely at the numbers, you’ll see this is on Page 13 of the investor deck that we shared. The total number is up. So we have 13,000 – over 13,000 leads in July; we had a little close to 12,500 in June. There was a little bit of slowness around the 4th of July, as reported by our operators. But altogether, we really view this as an improving trend. The percent versus prior year is just there for reference.
Michael Carroll: Okay, that’s helpful. And then can we talk a little bit about the move-outs. I mean, honestly, they’re still below the historical trend. Do you expect some of those voluntary move-outs to kind of pick up as we kind of hit the stabilized level kind of as we move through the post COVID environment? Or do you think it will stay low until a vaccine actually comes through?
Justin Hutchens: Well, in regards to move-outs, they’ve been relatively consistent versus prior year levels, except for the month of April, which we’ve mentioned was driven by New York, New Jersey. And we’re not getting any reports of pent-up move-outs or any really notable drivers that would change the trend. So we expect move-outs really to be relatively stable, absent any external circumstances we’re not aware of today. And the big focus is really just to see leads and ultimately move-ins to overcome the move-outs over time.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Debbie, you mentioned the potential continued government support on the senior housing side or kind of the need for it. How do you view the probability, timing and potential structure of any support that could come about?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the industry has a very strong case to tell. Essentially, the senior living care providers care for the largest group of seniors. The vast majority of the seniors are 85 and over, many have significant comorbidities. And importantly, the clinical record of the senior care providers and keeping seniors safe has been far superior than in other sectors that have received significant support. So all of the policy predicates for receiving support from HHS to mitigate the financial costs of the COVID pandemic are there. And really, it’s just a question of continuing to educate the policymakers on those key points and continuing to, again, respectfully request their financial support. And we’re hopeful, but remaining cautious around our outreach.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And then just on the senior housing portfolio, I think you talked about the sequential same-store pool outperforming. You mentioned LGM for July. What’s the sequential occupancy change for the annual same-store pool, so for the smaller pool? I think you quoted 50 basis points on the sequential side.
Debra A. Cafaro: I’ll take – I’ll ask Justin or Bob to take that question.
Bob Probst: I just want to clarify the question. Was that the – you wanted the year-over-year occupancy change?
Nick Joseph: No, the sequential change in July for the 340 same-store pool that’s on the annual basis because I think the 50 basis points you talked about was for the 390 properties and includes LGM.
Debra A. Cafaro: It is because the sequential pool contains that. So Nick, we don’t have that broken out, but we can take that offline with you.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Jonathan Hughes: Looking at the slide deck on Page 17 and Bob, I believe you referenced this other triple-net senior housing portfolio in your remarks. What’s the plan there? I know you’re going to try to collect the rents, like you said, but any plans to sell or maybe re-tenant those properties? Just curious about the outlook there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks. We are really happy. As we’ve said, that we have reached these attractive transactions with our biggest triple-net senior housing operators, Capital Senior, Holiday and Brookdale, and I will turn it over to Justin to address the remaining 40%.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. This other pool contains many operators. There’s only one operator within it that’s more than 1% of our NOI. The rest – really, it’s very diverse, too. I mean, they’re diverse from a geographic standpoint, they’re diverse from the standpoint of how the pandemic has impacted performance. There are certainly different product types mixed in. And then there’s also different credit profiles within each of the operators, and they all have slightly different coverage ratios. So there’s a lot of moving parts that we’ve been evaluating. Certainly, it’s something we’ve kept a very close eye on. There are a few operators, in particular, that we’ve been more focused on, and there’s just one that has a little bit more than 1% of the NOI, and that’s had most of our focus, and we anticipate having a resolution with them relatively soon. But I think what’s – the key takeaway is the bigger and higher priority leases have been addressed already. We have a track record of taking action, and then we have certainly a close eye on all the dynamics I just described to determine any actions we may take moving forward.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. Fair enough. That’s helpful. And then just one more for me. And I say this with all due respect to you, Debbie, but has the Board discussed succession planning for the day when you maybe decide to take a step back from running the business and laid out who will be filling your shoes. I would just appreciate any color there, if you can share it as the only Board member on the call. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. I can tell you that our Board – we have a great Board. Our Board is very experienced and very independent. Obviously, succession planning, regardless of the tenure or age of a CEO, is one of the core functions of any board, and I can assure you that our Board performs all of its duties in an exceptionally positive and good way, and that would include succession. And I’ve always been really proud of the deep and experienced Ventas team that we have and that we’ve continued to augment this year. So you should feel really good about that.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, got it. I appreciate the answer. Thanks for the time this morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Anderson with SMBC Global.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good morning. Bob, you mentioned the $20 million NOI monthly average in decline during the second quarter, and then you thought there would be improvement in the third quarter from that run rate. What does that imply in the third quarter, as you’re looking at this, if you break it out between occupancy and rate?
Bob Probst: You know qualitatively, Rich – sorry, qualitatively, the story in the third quarter, we expect a sequential decline on occupancy and in the bottom line. And it really will be led by two things that will determine that; one is the pace of the occupancy decline, which we’ve seen good trends there as you see in the deck; and then secondly, RevPOR, and RevPOR is really a function of the pricing environment in the market. Those will be the key drivers. Cost, sequentially, we expect will not be a key driver. It’s really going to be revenue driven. But all in, we expect that sequential decline, the pace of that decline to improve versus that $20 million you referenced.
Rich Anderson: Right. And so I am asking if you can break out the occupancy assumption in that decline. Is it 50 basis points what you’ve been…
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, it’s really going to depend on how August and September play out, Rich.
Rich Anderson: All right. Fair enough. Second question. So listening to your closest peers, PEAK has sort of said their area of growth going forward is more in life science and medical office, Welltower has been more thinking about growing in senior housing. So two different choices there, which is good for investors. You always want choice. Where does Ventas stand on that on a go-forward basis based on the experience you had? Is senior housing still something that you would consider a vital growth area for the company? Or will you sort of turn your attention incrementally elsewhere, not saying you’ll abandon, but just what you’re thinking going forward from this?
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks. I mean, obviously, capital allocation is something that’s extremely important. We start out with a view that we price diversification by geography, by asset class, by operator. We found it to be a tremendous strength over a long period of time. Over the past several years, our focus really has been on growing the MOB, life science and R&I development business, and that has been a capital allocation priority and, again, is serving us really well. Our team is active really across sectors, although I would say that we would likely prioritize, again, the life science, R&I development and MOB businesses, while at the same time, I would say we have terrific exposure to upside in senior housing in a variety of ways. It is a significant part of our business. So we’re happy about that for when the business turns, but we would continue to be very selective in our senior housing investments were we to make any at this time.
Rich Anderson: Great color. Thanks, Debbie. Thanks, everyone.
Debra A. Cafaro: All right. Be well.
Operator: Our next question is from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. Good morning, everyone. Just maybe first on seniors housing. Thanks for all the color and the detail you provided in the deck, very useful. I just want to understand on Slide 13, where you show kind of the spot point-to-point movements and move-in, move-outs. Typically, does the sort of end of the month benefit from just lower move-outs, meaning is it somewhat sort of contractual when these – when people move out? And I’m just trying to the 10 bps increase, is it more of a function of – it seems like move-ins were higher, but I just want to clarify, is it more of a function of move-ins outpacing move-outs or vice versa?
Debra A. Cafaro: I’m going to ask Justin to take that, and he will school all of us on the operating trends.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you. The first thing I’d say is it’s not really a direct connection between the chart and the bottom right and the move-ins and move-outs reflected on the left. Move-ins and move-outs are really recorded on a month and the bottom right is really showing a weekly trend. And so if you’re trying to do some math and correlate the two, it’s going to be difficult. But I will point this out, and this hopefully is helpful to you, it’s really an age-old rule in the sector that the vast majority of move-in activity happens on the last day of the month. And then the vast majority of move-out activity happens on the first day of the month. And so that – as you look across this trend here, and you can see it on a weekly basis, it clearly plays out that way. And that just gives you a feel for how the two work together to ultimately net occupancy.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, okay. That’s helpful. And just, I guess, second question, still on senior housing, maybe sticking with you, Justin. You’ve talked about the – you’ve given us a lot of data on the leads. But maybe you can just size the so-called pent-up demand for us maybe as a percent of occupancy, just how should we think about? And how should we think about that in terms of the – when it impacts? Is it a third quarter impact, assuming everything remains open, is it just a gradual kind of bump to whatever move-in, move-out activity we see? How should we think about this pent-up demand?
Justin Hutchens: Well, I’ll tell you, the short answer is we really don’t know for sure. And there’s encouraging trends. As we’ve all mentioned, I think the one that I was most encouraged about, quite frankly, was the clinical outcomes. As the U.S. had increases in new cases with COVID-19, our portfolio resisted that trend. And all the credit goes to our operators for protecting the health and safety of all of our residents, and that’s a real credit. But I bring that up because the virus is a bit unpredictable as well, and that’s the big backdrop that we’re facing. We are encouraged, though, by two things; one is the fact that we’re starting to offer a lifestyle within our communities that more residents are attracted to where they can move about and do activities and participate in dining and visit most importantly is that with their loved ones, and we’re really encouraged to see the improvement in leads. So the demand characteristics are improving, and they look good. But it’s a bit too early to start making predictions about additional demand at this stage.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. But just to clarify, the leads, if we – I’m just trying to understand the needs-based nature of assisted living, and the independent living is probably a little bit less needs based. But if you take the leads and think about this as a percent of the whole resident population, is that a rough way to think about the occupancy impact, or maybe just help us size it a bit.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I’m not really sure how to size it more than what we’ve shown you here. You can see, if you look at Page 13, and then you just look at – you can see the trend, particularly in the top two boxes, you can see the leads, you can see how the leads are translating into move-ins. The things we look at, we look at conversion ratios, we look at lead volume. And there has been strong conversions in our need based product. Our independent living benefits from longer length of stay. So they’ve had less dependency to maintain occupancy on new move-in traffic. And all of this is working together really to create the outcome that we’ve been reporting. There’s a lot of moving parts in a big diversified portfolio. I don’t know I’m going to place really pinpoint anything more on that point.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. No worries. I can follow-up. Yes. I think it will be helpful just maybe get a sense of the – just historically how leads have – what the conversion rates and just the time line. I’m more just interested in trying to understand, is this – the lead, is it a six-month thing, is it a 12-month thing or is it just – historically, at least how long has that conversion taken place? But I can follow-up offline.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question is just going back to this issue of move-ins being still below where they were pre-COVID. And I’m wondering if there’s any data that you’re getting from prospective residents on why they’re delaying move-ins and for how long because clearly, you’ve had a rebound off the bottom, but leads, move-ins are still down 20%, 25% versus last year. And I think there’s a lot of debate right now about whether we should be looking at these improvements in move-ins and leads versus the bottom and making an interpretation that there’s going to keep being linear improvement, or the other way to look at it is that you had pent-up demand that you didn’t capture in April, happened in June, July, but structurally, there’s still not as much demand for move-ins as there was a year ago and this could persist because of COVID still being an issue. So is there any way anything you have, you could share with us on that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Good question. Let me start and then I’ll turn it over to Justin. So basically, again, as you say, we are encouraged by the sustained improvement in demand that we saw from the April time frame to where we are now. And it has – I think it’s more in the former category of your question rather than the latter. It’s a need-based business, it’s demographically driven. Obviously, if you just watch the news, there’s going to be a psychological impact on individuals and families willingness and readiness to move-in. And I think that has had an effect. What we are happy about seeing is in places like New York, where that was the epicenter and, obviously, early and where there was a deep psychological and clinical impact of the pandemic, Atria, for example, had a July that was better than it had last July, significantly so, and better than June. So I almost think of it as a time series, where you start to see the virus. At some point, it effects, it then – we’re a lagging indicator, let me say. And then it may affect move-ins either because of psychology or because the communities are restricted to do move-ins, as Justin said. And then at some point, the cases get under control and improvements are made, communities move back into the green and can offer richer lifestyle and over time, psychology improves, people feel more confident. We have testing protocols. And then you can see an improvement in the trends. And we’re seeing this on a geographical basis operating exactly as I’ve described. Within the U.S. at this time with New York, at this point, starting to show some stronger trends, having been a month or two or three away from the real nadir of the pandemic there. And what’s also encouraging is that in the regions where the virus is more widespread, the south and the west, we’ve learned a lot clinically and treatments are better, protocols are better and, therefore, clinical results are better, which is keeping more communities open to new residents. And so this is a multifaceted situation. As we’ve said, remains uncertain. We have to be very humble in our expectations about our ability to predict the future. But so far, we’re seeing the sustained positive trend. So I hope that puts it in perspective for you and answers your question.
Nick Yulico: Yes. That’s helpful. Thank you. My second question is just going back to that straight line rent receivable write-off. I just want to be clear, that – does that – the $53 million that’s on Slide 17, does that exclude Holiday and Brookdale and then also, in terms of that rent that was cited here, the $80 million of annual cash rent, did you actually collect 100% of that rent in the second quarter?
Bob Probst: Yes. I’ll take that one. The answer to the first question is Holiday and Brookdale are not in that $53 million. And the second question is, we have collected all of the rents that we expected on these eight tenants. So this is really a go-forward assessment of future rents, meaning that we’re fully current.
Nick Yulico: Okay. So as a note, if we’re just looking at a cash NOI number for the quarter, there’s no adjustments we need to make for those tenants?
Justin Hutchens: Nothing material now.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Mizuho.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Bob, it just sounds like excited about difficult season.
Bob Probst: Debbie is more excited.
Tayo Okusanya: All right. So my first question is really around the senior housing portfolio, both SHOP and triple-net. So you’ve adjusted the Holiday and Brookdale leases. You’ve moved some of the smaller tenants to a cash basis. So it sounds like a lot of things people were expecting to happen have happened. The two things I wanted to focus on. First of all, ESL that you guys have kind of indicated a couple of quarters ago seems to be struggling more so than some of the other SHOP operators. Is anything being done at that end to kind of improve things at ESL? And second of all, further diversification of the SHOP portfolio operator group. Any update on that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Justin?
Justin Hutchens: Good morning. Let me start with ESL, and I’ll revisit a comment I made on the last earnings call where I referenced the improvement – the sequential improvement in first quarter performance versus the fourth quarter, and ESL was a contributor to that improvement. So that was a good indicator. Certainly, they have – it’s a relatively young company, but it’s a company that has strengthened their management team. They have a lot of experience at the senior management level. And we’ve observed really good steps that they’ve made to strengthen the company and the platform. We’ve also noted that during this pandemic, which obviously completely changes the performance profile of every company, that they’ve done really well. They’ve navigated the pandemic well and just as well as the rest of our operators in the portfolio, and we’re very pleased and very proud of the ESL management team for their contributions. In regards to the second part, in terms of diversification, the SHOP operating platform, really, where we’ve been focused in this stage of the pandemic is supporting existing operators in every way that we can. We’ve been a little less forward-looking as we’ve been dealing with the leases that you mentioned, and we’ve been giving a lot of support to the SHOP operating platform. So that’s where our focus has been at this time.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That’s helpful. My second question is around leverage at about net debt to EBITDA, that’s a little bit higher than your peers. Just kind of curious, target leverage for the company and any other additional plans going forward to delever, whether it’s naturally by an improvement in EBITDA growth post-pandemic, or how do you kind of think about leverage overall in regards to our target leverage ratio?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that would be our first choice, it’s improving EBITDA. I’ll turn it over to Bob to answer.
Bob Probst: Right. That’s plan A. This is the same question, I’m sure you’re asking everybody in the REIT sector Tayo, because we’re all seeing the same sorts of leverage pressure just toward the EBITDA degradation, which ultimately we believe is timing. And we believe in the stabilization and the recovery in senior housing, particularly, and so that’s the key. In the meantime, the focus is on liquidity, first and foremost, and we’re in a great spot there. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet. We have a long track record of being within that 5 to 6 times range. And when we’ve gone out, we found a way back in for net debt to EBITDA. So it’s I’m sure a conversation in every boardroom, but is really a timing issue in my mind.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just if you could indulge me with one more question. Again, acquisitions, right now, again, not a lot going on industry-wide. But can you just kind of tell us a little bit about what you’re seeing out there, cap rates for some of your major kind of sector you’re interested in, is that changing? Is that moving? Is nothing really happening?
Debra A. Cafaro: You’re an abuser, but I’ll give you one tidbit. So I mean, obviously, we’re very pleased that we got into the life science business and have expanded that part of our business, and have a longstanding commitment to hospital affiliated medical office buildings, mostly on-campus, as Pete described. And the cap rates for research and innovation or life science have continued to stay strong and, in many cases, have even strengthened further. So that’s a little tidbit for you that has enhanced the value of our portfolio.
Tayo Okusanya: Great, thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: All right.
Operator: Your next question is from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you. Good morning, and I will keep it to the two questions, for sure. First, I wanted to follow-up on the triple-net seniors housing business. In the business update on Page 17, there is a reference to the other – all other triple-net tenants at 1.3 times EBITDARM through 1Q. So I’m assuming, given the performance mirrors what you’re seeing in the SHOP portfolio, that continues to dip, and that’s probably what precipitated the write-offs. But any incremental color you can give us around what those write-offs portend for the $80 million of annual rent for those eight tenants or for the rest of that portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: So again, that’s about $170 million of cash rent. It’s all relatively small tenants, as Justin said. These tenants are performing on an aggregate basis, substantially better than the capital senior Brookdale and Holiday tenants were prior to the pandemic. They certainly will feel the same pressures of the sector that the SHOP operators are feeling directionally, but may have different credit profiles, different geographies, different business models, et cetera, that could make the outcomes vary. And also, I would just say that really, the outcomes are going to be really dependent upon basically, what the trajectory of the property performance is going forward, whether there is some kind of government relief for the industry, what the credit support that we have for the individual leases is and, obviously, where the pandemic goes. And so I think we’ve really demonstrated a commitment to being decisive and proactive, creative, whatever word you want to use, and you have our commitment to continue to do so. But as Bob said, we will continue to try to collect our rents.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. That’s fair. And then Bob, I believe you did touch base on the Colony loan, I heard a mention, but I think the $40 million allowance was unrelated to that. Can you maybe speak to what the assessment is of the Colony loan at this point?
Debra A. Cafaro: Bob, I’ll take that. I mean, that’s correct. It was not in the $40 million. And the Colony loan is a LIBOR-based loan, and there continues to be, for the time being, very significant cushion between the cash flow of the collateral and the debt service.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. I guess I’m curious to hear you’ve had any communities that maybe went from that kind of red like restricting move-ins to green where they’re allowing move-ins to back now that COVID cases are rising across the country?
Debra A. Cafaro: We – as Justin said, we are glad that in the greens and even yellow, we have record levels of communities now offering the richer environment to seniors really since the beginning of the pandemic. And Justin, can you talk about the movement that we’ve seen perhaps as the virus has moved in the country?
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So if you we were to talk about the month of July, one way to look at this is that 99% of our communities, at any given time, were open; and 1% were not taking move-ins. But even within that, there was movement, and among the segments there was movement. So frankly, I think there’s around 30 communities that actually moved backwards among the segments. But then we had just as many or close as many approved. So there is a little bit of movement back and forth. But very few communities, quite frankly, that are involved in the movement throughout the month of July, and the net result, of course, is very positive to see the vast majority of the portfolio offering the more robust lifestyle.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay, thank you. Okay, sounds like the rising COVID cases hasn’t been a big impact. And then maybe touching base on expenses going forward, how should we think about operators’ ability to flex labor? I’m assuming a lot of folks cut their marketing budgets. What are the kind of expectations for ramping that back up? And maybe how that might impact move-ins and leads going forward?
Debra A. Cafaro: Bob, do you want to take that?
Bob Probst: Sure. Kind of a gas and clutch answer, I think, to that question because, again, we saw $42 million of direct COVID costs in the second – labor and supplies and PP&E and so on. And we expect just because of the protocol necessary to keep residents safe, and we’re going to continue to see that kind of expense. At the same time, some of the offset, and this really was better than we had expected from the last time we talked, was on other mitigating costs. And you mentioned, for example, sales and marketing costs which, again, as you have more communities in segments one and two, we’ll have less marketing costs. So I would expect as we have more activity on the sales side, you’ll see some increase in the costs there. Meanwhile, we can begin to dampen some of the pressure on the direct costs just because per unit costs are going down and are managing the labor very efficiently. So I mentioned earlier to a question of kind of flattish, if I thought about sequential OpEx, and it’s really that gas and clutch phenomenon that’s driving that.
Joshua Dennerlein: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is Steve Valiquette with Barclays .
Steve Valiquette: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Debbie, and Bob, thanks for taking the questions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Steve Valiquette: So I just had a couple on the Brookdale restructuring. First, I guess, it seemed to us that Ventas was focused on gaining some liquidity as part of that restructured Brookdale agreement with the $235 million of upfront consideration. So I guess, first, I’m wondering if you can just speak to a little more of your thoughts on wanting to gain some upfront cash as opposed to maybe absorbing a smaller rent reduction unless that’s the nearest characterization, of course, and then I’ll have an accounting follow-up question on Brookdale after this one.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure thing. So we think the Brookdale deal is a really well balanced, thoughtful structure that’s really customized to create some significant key benefits for Ventas, of course, but also for Brookdale. So we are trying to balance creating certainty for our shareholders, a sustainable rent stream and that’s really important over the – as we still – and the industry still is combating COVID. We wanted to create significant opportunity for upside, which we did through the 8% warrant in Brookdale, so that we have the opportunity to hear an industry recovery and, in particular, at Brookdale, not only on our own portfolio, but also on their own portfolio, so a broader-based upside participation opportunity. And of course, getting the cash upfront and all the upfront consideration really replaces over 2.5 years of the cash rent reduction that we gave. And so we thought that was really great. And in the meanwhile, we did improve lease coverage and we created a better, stronger, more stable tenant overall. And that was really a very thoughtful, again, I think, very mutually beneficial type of transaction that accomplished the objectives of both companies.
Steve Valiquette: Okay, that’s helpful. And then the accounting question around this separate from the rent reduction, you had that statement in the press release that Ventas expects to recognize the full value of the upfront consideration from Brookdale ratably over the remaining base term of lease.
Debra A. Cafaro: Correct.
Steve Valiquette: I just want to confirm, as you divide that $235 million and recognize that, presumably, I guess, quarterly over the next five years or so, will that show up in one of the other income lines as opposed to property revenue? I’m assuming it will still flow into NOI, but I just want to make sure I understand which line that will flow into. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great question. I’m going to hand that over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Yes, it’s treated as deferred revenue flowing through NOI, so that – and amortized over the remaining period of at least 5.5 years.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think of it as prepaid rent, but they won’t let me write it that way, but that’s sort of what I think about.
Steve Valiquette: So will it show up as property revenue, though, in terms of how we should think about it?
Bob Probst: Yes.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. That’s helpful. Okay, thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street Advisors.
Lukas Hartwich: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could go a little bit deeper into MOB performance this quarter.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Lukas. I know that Pete Bulgarelli has been awaiting that question. So Pete, I’m going to turn it over to you.
Pete Bulgarelli: Yes. Thanks so much, Lukas for asking a question. Appreciate that. Yes. So this quarter, we’re actually very happy with the MOB performance, particularly given COVID condition. We have a substantial amount of paid parking that took, as you might not be surprised, a hit in the second quarter. We were down in paid parking by over $2.6 million for the quarter. In addition, we had premium cleaning costs. Our protocol was when we were aware of someone walking through our building, a patient walking through a building, who is COVID positive, we would do a deep clean in the premises as well as the lobbies in all common areas. So there is substantial cleaning costs. And then in addition, in the second quarter of 2019, we had some fairly large offsets on the operating expenses, such as real estate tax appeals that came in during the second quarter. So it was a poor comparison; tough comparison in the second quarter on the expense line. Does that answer your question?
Lukas Hartwich: Yes. Perfect, yes. And then sorry, my next question is on senior housing, but…
Pete Bulgarelli: I’m just curious.
Lukas Hartwich: I’m curious what your senior housing operators in terms of how they’re preparing for the fall. Are they preparing to go back into quarantine mode? Or how are they thinking about it? I understand there’s a lot of uncertainty, but I’m just curious how they’re preparing for it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. We sit here at the beginning of August, and there’s obviously a lot of uncertainty in schools and other types of settings. And I’ll ask Justin to really comment on what the operators are doing as it relates to the fall protocol.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. The one thing I would just point to is just the approaches that our operators have used to keep our residents safe. And you actually see it in investor deck on Page 15 it falls into three categories; there’s screening, which is something as a practice, they really started it right way, and then you’re familiar with daily temperature checks and symptom screening and the health questionnaires that happen; and then the protecting, which has to do with social distancing and PPE and resident cohorts and cleaning and disinfecting; and then testing has been widely utilized across our operators as well. So all of those have been – things have been working together to create an environment that is safe for our residents and our employees. And as you can see, really from everything we’ve shared and both on the call and through the materials, so that the results have been good. And so as long as those trends persist, we would expect to see communities open and accepting move-ins and allowing for residents to move about safely among – in the community and have visitation with relatives that is really, really important to the residents and – but done so in a very safe way in a restricted manner. So at this time, the trend really is leaning more towards opening. And certainly, as we’ve seen in our own portfolio, that if there is a new infection or new infections that find their way into a community, they may reverse course a bit. But the overwhelming trend has really been more towards opening at this point.
Debra A. Cafaro: And it’s also going to be interesting to see whether all of the processes that have been adopted and the heightened sensitivity is really going to have any measurable positive effects on the spread of influenza in the fall. And we don’t yet know that, there are various hypotheses floating around, but that will be an interesting – it will be an interesting test case this year to see whether that shows better trends than usual. So we’ll have to wait and see on that.
Lukas Hartwich: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Sarah Tan with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Sarah Tan: Hi, this is Sarah on for Mike Mueller. The question is for Justin. Just wondering how sensitive has the move-in and tour trends been trending in markets where you see virus flareups and has progress stall when that happened?
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. And if you can look at – if you look at the deck we provided, if you go to Page 14 then you can see that we’ve included a map that describes what I’m going to tell you. And that is that the – to Debbie’s point earlier, where we had the most impact really from the virus in the early stages was in New York and New Jersey. But the virus peak in that geography is well behind us as well. And the highest lead and move-in trend right now in recent weeks is really in the northeast, primarily in New York and New Jersey. But having said that, away from that outlier, it’s very consistently improving all across the country. And you can see it as we reflect it, we have the size of the circle on this page that reflects the NOI concentration. The color really reflects that – the state is reflecting the number of new cases per 100,000 population and the general population. So it indicates whether or not there’s increased virus spread in the general population. And then the color of the circle is really about the move-in versus prior year. And you can see there’s a lot of green circles and irregardless of what’s happening externally with the virus. And that’s an indicator of the demand for our services. And as I said, we’re seeing that across all geographies.
Debra A. Cafaro: And part of it also is the ability of the buildings to stay in the more rich resident experience, which encourages move-ins. And again, that’s a very – it’s a very unpredictable trend and communities, as Justin said, are moving in and out of this frequently and depending on virus activity. But overall, I think the math presents the right picture at this moment in time. But again, we want to be cautious and humble about the predictive abilities going forward. So if there are no further questions, I really want to thank everyone for their attendance today for their interest in our company, for their participation. And I hope you and yours stay vigilant and safe, and we look forward to seeing you on the other side of this thing. Take care.
Operator: Thank you again for joining us today. This does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Presentation:
 :
Operator:   Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 2020 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].   I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Juan Sanabrial.  
Juan Sanabrial:   Thanks, Cindy. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2020.   As we start, let me express that our projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Law. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied.   Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the Company's operations and results is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the Company's other SEC filings.   Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.ventasreit.com.   Before I hand the call off to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company. I would like to note that, we posted an investor presentation this morning on our website, which includes a COVID-19 business update to this helpful information that the team will reference in our prepared remarks.   With those formalities out of the way, I will hand it over to Debbie.  
Debra Cafaro:   Thank you, Juan. and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to the Ventas' first quarter 2020 earnings call. I sincerely hope that, you and yours are safe and healthy.   Today, the Ventas team is working remotely, but we are together in spirit as we outline our outstanding first quarter results, describe the challenging conditions in the markets, the economy and or Company brought on by the terrible COVID-19 pandemic, discuss near-term business trends and evaluate the macro outlook.   At this time, we face unprecedented conditions nationally and globally created by the pandemic. Those of us in real estate has been around a long time have managed through many severe crises over the decades, including the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the great financial crisis, and the deep recession that followed both. Yet today's complex mix of public health, remote working, economic, operational and market conditions make this pandemic a uniquely challenging adversary.   Let me begin today by setting the stage and then outlining the swift and decisive actions we have taken to ensure that Ventas remains strong and stable. As we rolled into March, we were excited to see how our previously announced initiatives were gaining traction and making an impact and how well our overall enterprise and each of our business lines were performing.   You can see the power of our diversified business model in the strong normalized FFO per share results we reported today at $0.97 per share, inclusive of the financial impact of COVID-19 toward the end of the quarter. In short, we were hitting on all cylinders with terrific momentum.   As soon as, we realized the potential scope and impact of the novel Coronavirus in February and early in March, we identified as our key priority that health and safety of Ventas’ employees and their family and the employees patients and senior living residents in our 1200 healthcare sites.   Although this particular crisis reflecting unique combination of forces, our experience, deep analysis based on early real time inputs and core principles have given us a solid framework for action.   Here are some of the strong measures we have taken to preserve and protect the Company and the many stakeholders who depend upon us. We have devoted significant efforts to support our tenants and operators across our portfolio during the COVID-19 pandemic.   We have established financial support programs for those who are experiencing financial hardship. We have assisted operators, who may be eligible for complex and various government programs, and we have leveraged our national scale to help operators source supplies, including scarce Personal Protective Equipment or PPE.   And today, we have announced a powerful new initiative for Ventas Senior Living Operators. Ventas will be providing access to COVID-19 testing kits and analysis from Mayo Clinic laboratories without charge to certain of our senior housing operators to further enhance safety at Ventas communities by accelerating employee testing.   Ventas and Atria working through Atria's ongoing relationship have secured access to testing capacity in excess of 30,000.   Atria is already nearly done testing all of this 14,000 U.S. on site and regional staff with approximately 9,000 results in less than 1% of Atria's employee tests have been returned positive.   Combined with digital tracking and tracing and appropriate use of PPE, Atria is building a new normal model to run its senior housing business safely and thoughtfully. In a positive sign, Atria has moved in 300 residents since early March all under full quarantine and PPE protocol.   Ventas plans to make available to certain of its other operators at least 10,000 COVID-19 test kits and analysis from Mayo Clinic Labs, ESL will be the next Ventas’ operators to use this testing for its Ventas communities, and it is already getting ready to test all this staff in May.   We look forward to finding more ways to work with Mayo Clinic Labs and our operators to further enhance safety in our communities for residents and caregivers. We will continue to evaluate additional action as appropriate.   Second, on our action hit list, we move early to review and implement our pre-existing business continuity plan. So, we could maintain a high level of productivity and manage a seamless transition to remote working arrangements.   With an interdisciplinary team of Ventas leaders coordinating our efforts, strongly IT support and capabilities, full buy in by our employees and enhanced communication. The company experienced no downtime and we have been highly effective during these challenging times. I'm so proud of how Ventas employees have reacted in rally and I want to thank them for their extraordinary efforts.   Third, we are pleased that we have reached a positive consensual resolution of our Holiday lease. After receiving full rents from Holiday since lease inception in 2013, through the end of the first quarter 2020. We have now received an additional $100 million in cash and secured notes.   We have entered into a new management agreement with Holiday for a 26 independent living assets and we have terminated the Holiday lease all effective April 1. This management structure retains our upside in our 26 communities and provides us with operational flexibility. We appreciate Holiday management's engagement and cooperation to complete this transaction.   Fourth, we were excited to augment our leadership team with Justin Hutchens and Carey Roberts when they join Ventas on March the 4th. Justin and Carey have added new energy and insight to our tight knit group at this crucial time. They've already made many meaningful contributions to Ventas. As we have collaborated to analyze and attack the business challenges presented by the pandemic.   Our experience has instilled in us the importance of liquidity in a crisis. As a result, we shared the courage of our convictions in mid-March by drawing on our revolver and then issuing senior notes generating $3.3 billion in liquidity. This financial flexibility will serve us well as we manage through to the other side of the COVID-19 pandemic.   In addition, we further enhanced our financial flexibility by acting immediately to reduce 2020 capital expenditures by $300 million, mainly by pausing certain of our previously announced ground-up developments that were not yet substantially underway. We are also carefully reviewing other areas of our Company for cost savings, including general and administrative expenses.   At the same time, we promptly withdrew our financial guidance on March 17th, nearly two months ago, when our early analysis informed by real time data let us to conclude that our financial performance could be materially affected by the pandemic. Our foresight proved correct and we fulfilled our commitment to transparency to our stakeholders by the actions we took in a timely way.   Finally, Ventas has served and continues to work tirelessly as a proactive and evidence-based advocate for seniors as federal policy makers. Working with industry groups and in alliance with senior living CEOs, we are demonstrating the crucial role senior living care providers play in protecting our senior population that is particularly vulnerable to this novel Coronavirus.   While we have taken plenty of actions, policymakers have done exponentially more. The Fed, the administration and Congress have implemented a comprehensive array of bold policy actions to partially mitigate the virus' severe implications for public health, capital markets and the economy.   Many businesses and households, including many of our tenants and operators have already benefited from this arsenal of federal programs. With this powerful support and more financial relief likely to follow, it is our responsibility now to take action to safely and responsibly move our Company toward a new normal.   As we do so, our visibility is limited and uncertainty remains very high. Indeed, we faced the COVID-19 paradox on the one side, reputable models and even certain government projections show an expected increase in COVID-19 confirmed cases and mortality numbers in many jurisdictions. These expectations if they materialize, could derail even the best laid plans for economic recovery. And this morning we saw a historic levels of unemployment claims in the U.S.   On the other hand, there is palpable optimism in the air as most states plan staged re-openings of their economies and businesses, many companies including ours are preparing for a gradual return to office work, patients and physicians are scheduling appointments in elective procedures, families are making deposits for senior housing move in, universities are planning to welcome students in the fall, and most importantly, our best scientific and medical minds are racing to find treatment, cures and vaccines for the Coronavirus.   We are proud to say that, many of our key research and innovation university relationships and tenants, including Duke, Wake Forest, Penn, Yale, and Integral Molecular are at the forefront of this research. All these promising developments provide hope for a speedier and sustained bounce back.   We don't have to know how these opposing trends will play out. Our job is to preserve and protect our Company and our stakeholders, and be ready for a variety of scenarios and opportunities. Before closing, I want to address our dividends in the context of this COVID-19 uncertainty.   As you know, we declared and paid our last quarterly dividend in April. Because we normally pay our next dividend in July, our board will consider the dividends in mid to late June. As it always does, our responsible and experienced board will make a decision using it is good faith business judgment, taking into account all of the information available to it at that time.   In a situation like the fast moving rapidly changing global pandemic, we have the advantage of aggregating and analyzing the best and most current information available in order to make the optimal decision.   The cycle test events as team and the Company are well prepared to manage through current conditions and to take further action as necessary. Guided by our experience, analysis and ethics, we will safeguard our employees, our senior housing residents and caregivers, our capital and our reputation, so that Ventas will remain a leading healthcare property owner in the businesses and geographies where we invest a desirable employer and an attractive investment vehicle.   And now for the first time, I'm pleased to ask Justin Hutchins to address you about Venta’s senior housing business.  
Justin Hutchens:   Thanks, Debbie. Let me just start off by saying I'm extremely excited to be working with the Ventas team. Given the circumstances, I have certainly had the opportunity to jump right in and immediately put my operating experience to work.   I'm also happy to be working again with long standing colleagues and industry leaders like Atria, Brookdale, SDL, Holiday, and Sunrise. COVID notwithstanding, I see great opportunities ahead for Ventas in its senior housing business.   In my first Ventas earnings call, I would like to discuss the momentum of our SHOP, the same-store portfolio showed in the first quarter. Outline how Ventas has worked with integrity to support our tenants and operators during a very challenging time. Describe the operational and clinical environment in SHOP, in triple-net, delve into April and May trends and provide our outlook for safe and staged reopening in senior housing.   Our SHOP portfolio started the year ahead of our expectations and with good momentum. Sequentially, NOI and our same-store SHOP portfolio grew 2.3% in the first quarter with COVID costs embedded.   Without COVID impacts NOI grew 6% versus the fourth quarter, with credit due to solid sequential performance from Atria through strong rate growth and expense control, and some welcome stabilization from ESL.   As expected, the year-over-year same-store SHOP comparisons were negatively affected by six million in COVID costs incurred in the quarter. The reduction in occupancy as a result of COVID in the back half of March as well as the previously discussed lower star point heading into 2020. Ex-COVID costs the year-over-year, same-store NOI would have declined 6.9%, better than our expectations given the difficult prior year comparison.   While we are mostly focused on the impact of COVID-19 to our operating performance, it is worth noting new construction starts in senior housing continue to decelerate with the first quarter of 2020, having the lowest number of new starts in several years at 1,000 units in Ventas markets.   Moving to our support for senior housing tenants and operators. I have been proud that Ventas has been out front and willing to work with integrity in support of our senior housing tenants, who are on the front lines of caring for seniors. This support has taken many forms.   I will just focus on some creative programs we have offered to our triple-net tenants. The company offered support to its triple-net senior housing tenants affected by the COVID-19 pandemic by implementing a 25% rent deferral program in April to enable them to care for seniors, purchase needed supplies and pay employees. This program ultimately reduced April cash rent receipts by approximately $3 million.   Adjusting for this tenant support program, tenants paid substantially all triple-net senior housing rents in April. For the month of May, the company offered qualified senior housing tenants the opportunity to pay up to 25% of their rent with cash as escrows and security deposits and based on participating tenants, we expect about $2 million of our rent to be paid this way.   We are encouraged to see that, some of our tenants have availed themselves of government relief programs for which they are eligible. We will continue to engage in constructive ongoing dialogue with our triple-net tenants regarding their COVID-19 challenges on a case-by-case basis.   We have many tools available to us to work through a near-term conditions including our backstop of corporate and personal guarantees in over $100 million of security deposits that stand behind these lease obligations.   Turning to the clinical and operational environment. These trying times underlined the importance of partnering with true industry leaders. We have been inspired by the tireless work of our operating partners to keep seniors safe.   Senior housing operators across the industry continue to aggressively implement protocols to protect against COVID-19. The result of these protocols is that almost all operators are only offering virtual tours and at the present time, about 29% of our 400 SHOP communities have suspended their move-ins.   In terms of the clinical impact on our SHOP portfolio as of April 30, it is a tale of two cities. Having a large New York and New Jersey footprint is a strategic advantage for Ventas, but those States where the epicenter for the COVID-19 infection and mortality rate.   On a full portfolio basis, about a quarter of our SHOP communities experienced at least one positive COVID-19 resident diagnosis since the beginning of the pandemic, registering accumulative percentage of resident cases at slightly over 2% of the resident population. Excluding New York and New Jersey, these figures improved dramatically with only 1% of our residents cumulatively effective since day one.   In our triple-net senior housing portfolio benefiting from geographic diversification, the percentage of resident cases is 1%. As is best practice, the care providers to great lengths to isolate or transfer to a higher acuity setting, the limited number of residents who receive positive diagnosis.   Brookdale in particular has been compassionate, but also fairly disciplined and rigorous in its preparation for and management of COVID conditions for the benefit of residents and their families.   In SHOPs, as a result of restricted access to communities nationally, April move-ins approximated 25% of typical levels. While overall move-outs were largely in-line with historic patterns. April average occupancy was approximately 82.4%. As of May 1, spot occupancy was estimated as 80.7% representing a 330 basis points declined since the beginning of April based on interim information provided by Ventas operators.   When excluding New York and New Jersey, occupancy would have declined to 280 basis points. Operating expenses are trending around 10% higher, particularly for labor and supplies, including PPE. These revenue and expense trends we are seeing for April, are expected to continue in May.   Financial and operational trends are expected to be directionally similar for our triple-net portfolio in the second quarter. For senior housing overall, as we look beyond the second quarter, there are three critical considerations we are monitoring that will materially affect the outlook for senior housing.   One, timing of reopening of communities to physical tours and move-ins. Two, cost and access to labor. Three, local demand characteristics including evolving protocols required to protect against the virus. The timing of openings will be driven by state specific guidelines, CDC guidelines and local community considerations. Ventas along with our operating partners is closely tracking state specific guidelines and COVID infection curves in each of our markets.   I'm encouraged to report that we have roughly 300 deposits for move-ins, which is a good sign of ongoing demand for our senior housing communities. Senior housing operators will find success in many ways, including and most importantly building trust with prospective residents and their families by demonstrating a concerted effort to keep communities free of infection. To do so, we anticipate elevated levels of costs over the course of the next several months.   Trust and confidence in senior housing or the near-term will be supported with best in class infection control practices, availability of PPE and testing residents and employees. As Debbie described, Ventas has played an important role alongside our operators and tenants to combat into pandemic and helping operators prepare to open successfully.   Through this challenging stretch, we continue to resolutely believe in the long-term value that senior living offers residents and their families and are sharply focused on positioning Ventas’ senior housing business for long term success.   With that, I will hand the floor to Pete to discuss our office business.  
Peter Bulgarelli:   Thanks Justin. We are certainly glad to have you and Carey on board. I will quickly touch on the first quarter results for our office segment, which represents 27% to Ventas NOI and then focus on the latest trends in our latest second quarter COVID framework.   For the first quarter of 2020 office same-store cash NOI increased by 5.8% year-on-year. This outstanding results was fueled by our R&I portfolio, which grew 22% driven by strong lease up and complimented by strong performance from the MOB portfolio.   In R&I, first quarter average rent per square foot was up 9.4% and occupancy was robust at just under 97%. Strong performance at our university based developments affiliated with University of Pennsylvania and Philadelphia and Washington University in St. Louis fueled our growth. Complimenting the fast growing R&I business is our MOB business. MOB same-store cash NOI for the first quarter of 2020 increased 1.9% year-on-year, also above our expectations.   Now let's shift to the latest COVID trends we are seeing in our office portfolio. I will start with medical office. Our top priority has been to partner with our tenants and the associated health systems to ensure the safety of health professionals, patients and our employees.   We have sourced substantial amounts of PPE, coordinated visitor screening, licensed short-term spaces, set up drive-through testing centers in our parking lots, provide a supplemental cleaning and otherwise supported our tenants during this challenging time.   We are happy to report that all of our buildings are open and none of our site based employees have tested positively for COVID-19. We sincerely thank all of our on-site employees and partners who fight the fight every day. We are very proud of them. I will also say regarding our MOB business, that parking receipts have slowed and while safety concerns have caused an increase in cleaning costs.   Given the current uncertainty, the pace of new leasing has slowed. However, we still leased 573,000 square feet during the first quarter and 381,000 square feet during April, with an additional 200,000 square feet of leases at the letter of intent stage.   Also, tenant retention has increased. I'm proud to say that MOB reported record retention of 83% for the trailing 12-months, 90% retention for the first quarter, 94% retention for March and an outstanding 98% in April.   Turning to our R&I portfolio. Our R&I buildings are a 100% open and are supporting critical research focused on the detection, prevention, and cure of COVID-19. We are proud to be partnered with leading research institutions such as Yale, Penn Gene Therapy Center, Wake Forest Health Sciences, Virginia Commonwealth University, Integral Molecular, Alexion and others in fighting this virus.   And we look forward to expanding our portfolio with other leading research institutions such as Arizona State and University of Pittsburgh in new under construction, world-class research building.   As previously mentioned, our R&I portfolio is 97% leased with an active leasing pipeline. Last phase continues to be in high demand. Net-net as of April 30th, we had 91.5% occupancy in our office business, representing 150 basis points year-on-year increase from April 2019. From March 31st through April 30th, we experienced a 10 basis point increase in occupancy for MOB and a 10 basis point increase for R&I.   So, let's talk rent payments. During the first quarter, our tenants paid essentially 100% of the office rent. Our historical bad debt expense has only been 20 basis points. We have high quality tenants that pay their rent.   In April, our tenants paid 96% of office rents. We expect a significant proportion of the unpaid rent to be ultimately collected. And I’m encouraged that so far in May, our office tenants have paid nearly 80% of the rents due, to-date we are seeing a faster payment rate than what we experienced in April.   I will say the tenants experiencing the most pressure are the smaller third party position groups in MOB, the smaller private companies in R&I and retail. Taken together, these customer segments represent a relatively small portion of our office portfolio. We are supporting these tenants by raising awareness and assisting them with securing federal relief.   On a selective basis, we are also offering to differ May rent for these small tenants to be repaid no later than the fourth quarter. To-date only a small number of tenants who have utilized the rents deferral opportunity.   Supporting the durability of our office portfolio are a couple of our additional facts. First, our MOB portfolio is largely on campus 71%. We also have a high level of acuity in our buildings, with 88% of our physician tenants being specialists. Our buildings and our tenants are essential to the delivery of care during this difficult time. Less than 10% of our tenant suites closed during the pandemic.   Second, as of May 7th, over 80% of the MOB NOI is in states that have either reopened for elective procedures or have announced the resumption of elective procedures. In locations that have reopened, we are seeing material increases in activity, although still below pre-COVID levels.   As a reminder that our nation is resilient and that normalcy returns following catastrophes. I'm happy to report that Ventas is delivering [Technical Difficulty] that was devastated by Hurricane Michel in 2018.   With that happy news, I will pass the turn to Bob to finish up our prepared remarks.  
Robert Probst:   Thank you Pete. I will start with our triple-net lease portfolio overall before I close with some enterprise level commentary. The triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by 3.9% year-over-year in the first quarter. Growth was driven by in-place lease escalations, and a $3 million cash fee received in the quarter from capital senior living.   Trailing 12-months coverage as of the fourth quarter of 2019, for the overall triple-net portfolio for triple-net senior housing remains stable at 1.5 times and 1.1 times respectively. Post acute coverage declined sequentially by 10 basis points to 1.3 times, due to a decline in volumes at Kindred, driven by managed care and purposeful reduction of non-compliant patients.   Adjusting for the 25% rent deferral program in senior housing, we collected close to 100% of our overall expected triple-net portfolio rents in April. We have already received almost a 100% of triple-net healthcare rent for May and we are on-track with triple-net senior housing May collections.   We expect the impact of COVID on our triple-net healthcare rents from acute care providers to be muted in the second quarter. Acute care hospitals have been impacted by the reduction of elective procedures, but have had significant access to government funding and support.   Additionally for Ardent, as of May 1st, all 10 of the Ventas owned hospitals have reopened or will reopen in May for elective procedures. For the post acute providers in our triple-net health care portfolio, volume trends have varied. Deltek, Ventas has been higher than budgeted, the costs have increased. We expect that the concern over respiratory disease will enhance Kindred Deltek business going forward.   Urban census initially declined due to lower surgeries and acute care volumes, but census has improved since mid April. Smiths are experiencing notably higher mortality rates with census down dramatically and the most profitable rehab patients also down. Positive post-acute trends include access to government funding, relief from site neutral pricing, waiver of length of stay requirements and the 2% sequestration delay.   I will close with some comments regarding the overall enterprise and our financial position. I want to underscore how pleased we are with our first quarter results including property performance ahead of our expectations, record quarterly revenues, strong FFO delivery of $0.97 per share and enhanced balance sheet 5.7 times of net debt to EBITDA and excellent liquidity. And we took decisive action in the face of the pandemic to bolster our financial flexibility.   In March, we drew $2.75 billion under our $3 billion revolver and followed it up in early April with a $500 million senior note issuance. As a result, as of May 6th, Ventas has approximately $3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand with no commercial paper outstanding. We also have very limited debt maturing in 2020 or 2021 and we have the ability to extend our revolver for up to one year.   We plan to bolster financial flexibility by reducing 2020 total capital expenditures by nearly 300 million to a total of 500 million with the decline led by pausing ground-up developments not yet substantially underway. Notably one used to be in Philadelphia and 42/10 in St. Louis.   Our ongoing development projects are on average 81% free leaks to high quality credit tenants in the R&I business. I note that Ventas has a $400 million committed construction line of credit to fund development with $250 million of available capacity as of the end of March. Ventas is expected unfunded investment in all of ground up developments in 2020 net of committed financing is approximately $100 million.   In addition to conserving CapEx, the company is reviewing its cost structures across the enterprise, including its SG&A and organizational costs. As Debbie says, we are on it.   Given our early understanding of the potential impacts of the pandemic, Ventas went through a previously issued financial guidance on March 17th. We believe the adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition will be driven by many factors, most of which are outside of the Company's control and ability to forecast.   Wherever provide investors with incremental observations and transparency, we included today the investor deck outlining our COVID response and latest business trends, as well as expanded disclosure as summarized on Page 44 of the supplemental.   To close we are pleased with our start to year and with the actions taken thus far, and are committed to continuing to take the actions necessary to manage through these unprecedented times. That concludes our prepared remarks.   Before we start with Q&A, we are limiting each caller to two questions given a busy calendar request from a few analysts to be respectful of everyone on the line. Also, given the fact that we are all remote, we will have Debby quarterback to the QA and to pass questions to the Ventas’ team if needed.   With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.  
Operator:   [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Nick Joseph from Citi.  
Q - Nicholas Joseph:   Thank you, I appreciate all the color and specifically on April and May rent collections for net lease. You addressed Holiday this morning, but you expect additional net lease restructurings over the next few months?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good morning Nick its Debby. I'm going to ask Justin to comment on that.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Thank you Debby. First of all, I think it is important to know, our biggest priority is that our operators are looking out for the health and safety of our residents in our communities. That is priority number one, in the near-term.   I will also point two, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we have already started to take action, we mentioned the rent deferral in April, we mentioned the opportunity for tenants to pay down rent - pay some of their rent with their cash escrows in May and that the Holiday restructuring.   What we are committed to do is to take action that is going to give us the best opportunity to create value in a portfolio and work with our operators to determine the best outcome. It is still early, some uncertainty ahead of us still, but we will certainly be watching everything closely.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   Debby it is Michael Bilerman.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hey Michael.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   I think Bob mentioned in his comments about sort of looking at all forms of cost within the enterprise. Can you sort of address corporate management sort of pay levels and whether that is on the docket and how investors should think about that interest in the governance perspective, whether there would be any changes from the chairman and CEO role which you continue to maintain?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Sure, and I'm happy to talk about that and turn it over to Bob, for a little bit more detail. But most of our executive compensation is very aligned with shareholders and is the vast majority of which is in the form of performance based equity compensation.   When you think about the overall enterprise, I'm going to turn it over to Bob to talk about some of the insights he has about making sure that the company is efficient and cognizant of the environment that we are in.  
A - Robert Probst:   Sure. This is an analysis Michael, that again pre-COVID that is the analysis of our SG&A. We are well underway in that analysis. Everything I would say is on the table, as we think about that. I would expect to have some more news this quarter as we are well underway on that analysis and we do see opportunity. But at the end of the day, we have a 20-year record of being efficient and effective and that continues to be our goal and we have a duty to make sure we are doing that.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   And Debby is there anything on splitting the Chairman and CEO role?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I think that, consistent with the idea that one of the cost efficient, our expectation is that, I would continue to hold those roles, obviously serving at the pleasure of our shareholders and our Board of Directors.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   Okay. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Rich Anderson from SMBC.  
Q - Rich Anderson:   Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone and hello to you, Justin.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi, Rich.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Hey thanks. Good morning everyone and hello to you Justin. So, just on the on the Holiday and maybe an extrapolation from that. So EBITDA below rent, so it is obviously a dilutive transaction. But understanding kind of the thought process on taking Sabra’s roadmap on Holiday. And so, I'm curious in the aftermath of all this, do you feel like net lease is becoming an increasingly dying breed for Ventas and you want more control that goes through Brookdale and others or is this a one-off type of thing and you still think that there is a role for triple-net to play in senior housing in the aftermath of all this?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good to talk with you, Rich. Let me take that. A couple of things. One is we are pleased with the Holiday transaction. We think it really does a lot of good things and we are happy to take a page out of our friends with matrices book, and we preserved that upside in the assets and a lot of operational flexibility. So, we feel good about that and look forward to optimizing that portfolio.   In terms of the triple-net lease, what I would say is, triple-net leases are a little bit like mortgages in one sense, which is that they magnify ups and downs for the operators and in any challenging environment, they are going to be disfavored. And of course that is the situation we find ourselves in now. In other environments, they could be very attractive to both land owners as well as the operators.   So, I think there is many tools in the bag, many I guess you would say clubs in the bag, tools in the toolkit, and the triple-net lease I think will continue to be one. And there are many ways that you can customize leases also to create alignment.   So, we think the triple-net lease will survive and we think we will continue to be creative and collaborative in how we work with our operators, be they tenants or managers in optimizing our portfolio and then being good partners.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Okay. I prefer arrows in the quiver, but that is just me.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   That is a good one too. Absolutely.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   And then juxtapose U.S. to Canadian, particularly as it relates to your recent investment there. And how things are kind of performing relatively.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes. I mean, our investment most, we have a significant Canadian portfolio. Obviously, the pandemic has affected assets there as well. Those operators have also received significant government support and one thing we have liked about the Quebec portfolio with LGM is that they have a younger healthier population a longer lengths of stay.   They are very rigorous and have been very active from early on working to protect the residents. Obviously, that portfolio will be effected as well. But there are some characteristics of the LGM portfolio that make it probably a better performer on a relative basis, despite being impacted by pandemic.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Okay, great. Thanks very much. Good luck everyone.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you. great talking to you Rich.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Good morning everyone. So, in terms of the Holiday restructuring just to make sure understanding how this is going to work. I guess in terms of the money that you are receiving from them the cash, and then the notes and are you going to be actually booking any income from those two items in the second quarter and in terms of the notes, the 9% rate is there any component that cash interest that you are receiving?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Great question. Yes, the cash and notes are effectively income and I think we mentioned this in the release and so those will be included in net income and yes we actually would expect as part of our ongoing this for ongoing notes we would expect to book and receive some amount of interest income as we go forward.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Is any of that cash income from those notes?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   We would expect it to be cash. Yes.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Okay, thanks. And then I was just hoping to get a feel for you I know you gave us a coverage on Holiday as a trailing number. Is it possible to get the quarterly first quarter EBITDARM for those assets so we can understand exactly from an NOI standpoint as you now have this operating NOI. What the delta is going to be between the old 60 million of cash NOI you got on the lease versus on a real time basis, realizing things are going to move around still, but at least on the first quarter number record what that looks like from a operating EBITDARM basis?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Right, I mean we have had Holiday in the heat map, obviously and it had been below a 101 and EBITDARM basis. So, as we reported the last time and really what I would say is that just like everything else in the portfolio as you point out, it is really going to depend on how the pandemic really plays out and so I think we will just defer that as we get more real time information about the portfolio. I'm happy to talk to you about it as things progress.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Right, I guess, but I mean you guys do have an actual number I'm assuming that for the first quarter and so I was trying to see if we can least get that number so we can use that as a base to then build off some assumptions.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes, I mean, I think you should, you should look at about a 0.9 EBITDARM coverage, something like that in the first quarter, rough numbers.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hello.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Sorry. I had myself on mute. I just hope everyone in the team is okay and doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Debbie, you referenced the dividend in your prepared remarks and I just want to clarify one. I'm assuming the dividend is all cash today and just as we think about the dividend going to second quarter, what are sort of the metrics? What are you looking at? Maybe give us a sense of where AFFO versus the dividend could trend even just percentage wise. What are some of your put and takes if you think about the dividend?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you. Yes, I mean, I think really want to just touch on the fact that, while we are in this period of uncertainty, we generally want to match our decision making speed with what is required. And our Board is going to look at all relevant information when it addresses the dividend, as I mentioned in mid to late June.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay. And the dividend is all cash currency.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   It has been. Yes, Vikram.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay. And then just second, as you I think you and Bob outlaid the expectations for occupancy in the next few months and it was about a 100 basis points per month in the [RIDEA] (Ph) portfolio. Can you give it a sort of a broader sense of what the ins and outs are in terms of assumptions for move-ins versus move-out and as an aside, if we could request more monthly or more weekly updates, that would be great.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I'm going to ask Bob to address that Vikram.  
A - Robert Probst:   Sure. I will give you some building blocks Vikram using April as our case study here. We saw move-ins approximately 25% of our historic levels or down 75%, to put the other way. The move-outs have trended pretty consistently with historical patterns and the net of that is approximately a 70 basis point impact on occupancy on a weekly basis.   One way to think about revenue impact is that, and this is the Page 7 of the investor deck. If you haven't seen this is, a 100 basis points of occupancy generally, sequentially on average is about $2 million to $3 million of revenue per month. So, you can do math there.   And we expect that trend as we see it right now to carry on into May. On the expense side, we mentioned about 10% OpEx increase, driven by labor and supplies including PP&E. We had about $125 million of monthly OpEx in our portfolio in SHOP. So, it gives you some more facts if you like to do the math.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Vikram, we thought you love those rules of thumb.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   I guess I was just trying to understand the move from the 330 basis points loss in the month of April down to a 100 per month. And I was just trying to understand more specifically like what are you assuming changes from April to May through June?  
A - Robert Probst:   Let me clarify, just to make sure we are on the same page. The 330 basis points was the spot-to-spot effectively beginning to end of April, occupancy moves. And my 100 basis points was simply a rule of thumb to help you.   So, that is an important clarification, beyond what we are seeing in April and early May, I'm not able to project what I think is going to be for the second quarter, for example. But those will give you some building blocks to make your own assumptions.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   This is Justin. And I'm going to add a little color to that might be helpful and I will just preface this that I'm going to give you April average occupancy numbers that are presented by our operators and these are fully vetted, we only report these numbers.   But I'm going to compare March first. So March average occupancy was 85%, April average is at 82.4%. So, there is 260 basis points difference. If you take New York and New Jersey out, as I did in my prepared remarks when I was using spot occupancy, March average is 85.1, April at 82.9. So, the 220 basis point change.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   And that is shows the difference between really the quote and unquote spot, beginning of month to end of month versus the average occupancies for the month. So, let's carry on. Thank you.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   Yes, thanks. Debbie, I just wonder if you could you add some color on the testing capabilities that you are providing your operators. I don't know if you said this, if I missed it, but are you able to provide enough tests for all the restaurants at the facilities or what in depth are you able to offer right now if that relationship?   
A - Debra Cafaro:   Great. Good morning. So, we are very excited about this initiative and we are taking the first step with Atria and it is really to accelerate employee e-testing at Ventas buildings with select operators to make our communities safer, and facilitate thoughtful reopening and confidence and trust as Justin talked about.   And so, we have this first compliment of 10,000 testing kits with Mayo Lab’s analysis, which is very important, they have a very high accuracy rate at Mayo, as you would imagine and we really think this is a great first step that we can make available. Atria has already done it, ESL will be next and we will make it available to select operators, principally for their employee testing program.   Once we see how that goes again, we are early days are, still a lot of uncertainty, new testing and tools coming out all the time, we will determine if we want to are-up or if we want to take a different step moving forward, but we think this is a great opportunity to do the right thing and really have a differentiated partnership with our operators and really build that trust and confidence with residents and their families that is so sorely needed.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   And then what is the turnaround time. How long does it take to get to tests and I guess if you have confidence that at least your employees are not affected by COVID. Is there discussion that you could reopen those communities or is it still too early to tell?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   The turnaround is a day or two and it will indeed build confidence as a component of the thoughtful reopening and admissions plan.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   And I will just add one other point to that. This is Justin. All of our operators are considering the move-in protocols at this point, and about 70% of our operators are operating in states that are starting to loosen their stay-at-home policy. So this is a very active conversation.   And the advantage that testing gives you, obviously it gives you a lot more certainty around the potential for spread of infection. But the other advantage is, it is recognized in the CDC guidelines. If testing occurs, then it can accelerate the time that someone can move in, where the regular quarantine is around 14-days and the testing allows for something closer to two or three days.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Okay. Right. And that is a good point, because the test may also be available for new residents in certain cases. Thank you. Mike.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   Okay. Great. Thanks.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Thank you, and I hope everybody is doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks Jordan. We are.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Okay. My first question I think is maybe for Bob, I will leave it to Debby to quarterback. But regarding the revolver draw down and I think some subsequent repayments post a senior note issuance in April. You did mentioned in your conversation that, Ventas is past the peak for mortality in your SHOP assets and in triple net.   And so, I guess I'm kind of curious, I know you are waiting till the last minute to make a decision on a dividend, but what do you want to see these to be the virus before in order to sort of pay down those borrowings and sort of what is that sort of draw down, is that reflecting concerns around the ability to potentially borrow?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I will turn it over to Bob, but one thing we know for sure is that, having went through many decades of this that, having assured liquidity is the number one, two and three attributes that you want to have to manage successfully through any kind of uncertainty. And so, we have that and that is kind of a golden rule, and it served us very, very well.   In terms of the pass of the peak, again, there are numerous models. There is a lot of uncertainty, but as of a point in time, I'm glad that you noticed data that shows that a lot of our NOI in our senior housing on those triple-net and SHOP is in states where according to a single model as of a certain day, the peak of mortality is behind us. Now that could change again and that of course would affect our outlook.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   That is helpful. I guess I'm trying to understand the difference between, that assured liquidity as it relates to sort of that revolver borrowing or draw downs versus the dividend that you actually pay. So, there is some uncertainty surrounding the potential to be able to draw or have access to cash. But, it seems like you are not yet willing to sort of cut the dividend down to zero in order to sort of stay off or protect yourself from any uncertainty or maybe I'm misreading that.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes. I mean, I think what we have said clearly about the dividends is that the board will make that decision at the right time, which are dividends is a July dividends historically and so that would basically defer that decision to be made by our board until mid to late June. So, do you have a question for Bob about the revolver draw just Jordon?  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   I think you answered it. But maybe you mentioned Justin. I wanted a welcome back to him back to REIT land. Unfortunately, under these crazy circumstances, but I would have asked him for a review of the portfolio probably not fully appropriate.   Debbie, a couple years ago, you spun off the skilled nursing portfolio at a time when there was no real distress in that sector. Any thoughts surrounding, management and or the potential spin of the seniors housing portfolio or are we just that way too soon, I don't mean to be flippant at all in that question.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes, I think that under skilled nursing, I think I'm glad you reminded us that, that we really did that, at the absolute peak time in valuations at a seven cap on rent at that time. And we really continue to believe that was a very sound strategic decision, particularly as we look at infection mortality rates in skilled nursing now.   I think we given all the uncertainty right now we are focused on health and safety as Justin said really just strong effort to keep Ventas strong and stable and get ready for any scenario and the opportunities in the future. So, we will defer that discussion if you don't mind.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Okay. That is fir. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks Jordan.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein from Bank of America.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   Hey good morning everyone. Glad you are doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I clearly had too many people with the first initial J in my life. Anyways go ahead I will try to get it right this time.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   I'm just curious on the Holiday switch to the management contract. Was that something you were in discussion with before the pandemic or was it really the pandemic was the drivers that kind of got you going on that discussion?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, we have talked about Holiday for a while and have been pretty clear about what the performance was over the past couple of years. I think we were in a good spot, because Holiday remains current and paying full rent all the way through the first quarter and they have been great about that and we were the sole beneficiary of the guarantors.   So, of course, we had a EBITDAR kind of one-to-one coverage. So, we felt like we were in a good spot. But we did feel mutually that it was the right time to take a different approach and we did so in a way that we think was beneficial for both and preserved upside and on operational flexibility.    So, we are happy that we have done it, and we are going to optimize that portfolio especially now that Justin is here.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   Okay, and then just on the senior housing triple-net rents. I see in your presentation you mentioned I guess sort of May rents are allowing up to 25% of the rent to get paid from the deposits, you expect two million or so to be paid. Do you have a sense of like I guess like back into it, but what percent of tenants are taking advantage of that and I guess later on would you require the tenants to kind of back fill those deposits?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Right Justin.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Yes. It is actually very low percentage, if you think about around 30 million of rent per month and only round two million or up to two million we think will be paid with the cash escrows s to carry deposits. So not a lot.   I will mention two other things on the triple-net, one is that as we said it is our May collections are really right on track, so looking good in May. Also some of April tenants that took advantage of that deferral have already paid back.   So that was good encouraging sign as well, and in that case, there were smaller operators that had advantage of government assistance. But our tap was to Allow some liquidity for operators during a very tough and uncertain time, and we are happy that some of the operators have taken advantage of that.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets.  
Q - John Kim:   Hey good morning everyone and welcome Justin.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi John.  
Q - John Kim:   I had question on your deposits, that were mentioned - deposits in senior housing, is there any difference regionally for the New York, New Jersey to have more of sure deposits than some of the other markets not impacted by the virus?  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Hello, this is Justin. Let me just mention first of all, we don’t normally track deposits, because senior housing particularly assisted living, and memory care are what we focused is need driven. So tracking deposits is usually a very short-term indictor of move-in.   But given the environment we started to track recently a lot of those deposits are in Sunrise and Sunrise has kind of a north east footprint with us. So there is certainly some New York and Massachusetts are few for our Sunrise footprint, a lot of those deposits are with them.   There is another stab I will mention, that is round lead which is something that we do track regularly and leads have stabilized over the past few weeks about half of our lead volume, which is you know encouraging in a sense, because it shows that there is still ongoing demand.   Even though we are not doing physical tours, and we are doing virtual tours and in-lue of those there is still ongoing demand and is ahead of that moving pace that we have been experiencing so far. But there is long answer to short question and that is not ready to really point out specific geographies except to say that Sunrise is a big part of those deposits.  
Q - John Kim:   And then Pete mentioned in his prepared remarks the high retention rate you guys had in the medical office business. Can you provide some terms on that, are these short-term, but month-to-month lease expansions and also what the cash leasing spreads were?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Pete.  
A - Peter Bulgarelli:   So, John, let me just be sure that I understand what you are asking. Well, we talked about was 96% receipt of cash rents overall in the office portfolio. Is that what you are asking?  
Q - John Kim:   No. I was talking about the retention rates, the renewal rates.  
A - Peter Bulgarelli:   I see. Okay, so of our retention rates, yes, the 90% for the quarter and 94% for March and for April is at 98%, which is a phenomenal set of numbers. And yes, I would say it is a mix in some cases are short-term where they are just uncertain about their future.   And so they want to, just take a year extension. In other cases we use the opportunity to take advantage of maybe some rent relief in exchange for a couple years of additional term. So, we have been fairly entrepreneurial in doing that.   And then there is also some practical reasons, I will tell you kind of an interesting story of an [OVGYN] (Ph), who was 70 something years old who was going to retire. But then he sat back and he thought you know what with his shelter at home, maybe there is going to be a lot of bursts next time, in nine-months from now. So, I'm going to extend for one more year. I'm going to work and cash in on this opportunity. So, it is been a mixture of things.  
Q - John Kim:   Great. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks John.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Lukas Hartwich from Green Street Advisors.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Great, thanks. Whenever we do come out the other side of the COVID pandemic. I'm just curious what you think the recovery in SHOP looks like. Do you expect there to be pent up demand or expect do you expect something more gradual?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I think our focus right now is really getting through the biggest part of the pandemic Lucas and then there remains really a lot of uncertainty about the depths and then the time period where it will be most active and then what the slope and pace to recovery will look like and those could very significantly affect what the recovery and senior housing looks like.   So, we are really happy for the day when we can discuss that with more specificity in terms of timing, pay and slope. But right now, we are focused on maximizing during the course of the toughest period of pandemic.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Great and then the second one for me is just. Can you provide a little more color on the performance trends of the Sunrise shop portfolio?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Justin.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Yep, sure. So, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the year-over-year stats that were down and the reasons for that, given the fact that we are starting off at a lower starting point. I also mentioned the strong sequential performance.   That performance was driven by Atria and ESL. Sunrise was not as big acontributor to that. There are some less good performance from the sunrise portfolio during that time, so it was actually contributing on a sequential basis, closer to down around 9%.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya form Mizuho.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Yes. Good morning everyone. Justin, good to have you back from Jolly Old England old cap.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Hi Debbie.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Good. I'm glad to hear that. A couple of questions. The first one is actually on the office side. The 96% of April rent collected, is there way you could help us break it down kind of what you know the rates of MOB versus Life Sciences or other differences there?  
A - Pete Bulgarelli:   Hey Tayo. This is Pete. How are you? So, the 96% we are very, very pleased with, and one of the items I did want to point out is that those are receipts. Deferrals are not included in that number, and as a matter of fact for April, there were almost zero deferrals.   We are talking like $150,000 worth of deferrals in April, and those were for retail tenants. So, this is true cash receipts and collected in a very positive way. The MOB Portfolio had a slightly higher collection rate for April and the R&I had a slightly lower number. But really nothing material.   It is interesting that many of the universities are just - they do hand checks. They actually write checks out and it is a slower process in a normal month and it is a slower process in a turbulent month. So, that is my assessment.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Okay.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   So. I mean those portfolios performed very well.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Gotcha. Okay. And then on the Life Sciences side, again very strong same-store NOI this quarter, again it has been a positive on the overall Ventas story. So I guess, a little bit surprised when we looked at the development pipeline that is the projects that were halted or all kinds of Life Science Wexford projects and there was one other projects also Life Sciences, where the completion date was deferred or pushed back a year. So, just kind of curious kind of thinking about that business that is such a big positive on your overall story. And again, a part of what is kind of happening on the development front later you know halting or delaying some of these development projects.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   You are absolutely right. We are happy that, we have grown our office portfolio in particularly this exciting Life Science University based portfolio over the past years, it is really, you are seeing the benefit of that right now.   Both in the fact that is where all the action is on the virus and the vaccines in the search for a cure, as well as the diversification benefits we are getting from that portfolio, within the broader Ventas Enterprise.   And so, it is a significant capital allocation priority. We do have a number of ongoing projects with Arizona State and [Pitt] to name a few. And basically, what we did as a matter of I think, really good discipline and approach is that, when we really understood quickly the potential from this Coronavirus, we aggressively paused on the two developments that really were not yet significantly underway.   And so the ones that are ongoing are going to be delivered and we will have our 80% pre-leased and the ones that are on the drawing board have been paused I think intelligently to take a look at capital conservation.   And of course, as I mentioned, we will be able to make a decision on those at the appropriate time as to moving forward and timing and the life, we are happy to have this portfolio and it will continue to be an important part of the Ventas’ story.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Got you. Okay. One more if you would indulge me. So, when Justin was announced as joining the team and you guys announced your kind of plans around senior housing stock outperformed that day. Today, you announced solid plans around Holiday the stock is outperforming. So, clearly, I think the market is looking for you guys to kind of rectify potential issues that people see in the portfolio.   Just kind of given that, I guess why you guys maybe not a little bit more aggressive in regards to kind of trying to address some of these issues, whether it is some of the triple-net portfolio that still has a weak rent coverage and things of that nature, it just kind of feels like the market is basically saying, do it. We are expecting you to do it, but in the near-term it is just doesn’t seem to be happening as quickly as I think some of us anticipating.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I would say that we over a long period of time have a good track record of taking action, and that we think is going to be beneficial for our shareholders and we have taken many actions to evidence that whether they have been with Kindred or today with Holiday and we will continue to do that.   We have made a ton of progress, we are proud of what we have done on the leadership front, as you mentioned along with the portfolio front and we will continue to do that with urgency and purpose. And hopefully we will continue to get rewarded for doing the right things at the right time.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Okay that is helpful. Well I just feel like the runway is clearly open and everyone is waiting for you guys to take off.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, thank you. We appreciate that support. Our wings are flapping. Thank you, Tayo.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Thank you.  
End of Q&A:  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I think we have one more operator. Anything further? Okay, if we don't have any further questions, I want to sincerely thank you for your time, your attention, your interest in Ventas. We have a great team here that is really committed to protecting and preserving the Company and for really delivering for all the stakeholders who depend upon us. So, we look forward to seeing you on the other side of this terrible pandemic and until then, stay safe and strong. We will see you soon. Bye-bye.  
Operator:   Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Q1 2020 Results Conference Call May 08, 2020 10:00 AM ET  
Presentation:
 :
Operator:   Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 2020 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].   I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Juan Sanabrial.  
Juan Sanabrial:   Thanks, Cindy. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2020.   As we start, let me express that our projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Law. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied.   Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the Company's operations and results is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the Company's other SEC filings.   Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.ventasreit.com.   Before I hand the call off to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company. I would like to note that, we posted an investor presentation this morning on our website, which includes a COVID-19 business update to this helpful information that the team will reference in our prepared remarks.   With those formalities out of the way, I will hand it over to Debbie.  
Debra Cafaro:   Thank you, Juan. and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to the Ventas' first quarter 2020 earnings call. I sincerely hope that, you and yours are safe and healthy.   Today, the Ventas team is working remotely, but we are together in spirit as we outline our outstanding first quarter results, describe the challenging conditions in the markets, the economy and or Company brought on by the terrible COVID-19 pandemic, discuss near-term business trends and evaluate the macro outlook.   At this time, we face unprecedented conditions nationally and globally created by the pandemic. Those of us in real estate has been around a long time have managed through many severe crises over the decades, including the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the great financial crisis, and the deep recession that followed both. Yet today's complex mix of public health, remote working, economic, operational and market conditions make this pandemic a uniquely challenging adversary.   Let me begin today by setting the stage and then outlining the swift and decisive actions we have taken to ensure that Ventas remains strong and stable. As we rolled into March, we were excited to see how our previously announced initiatives were gaining traction and making an impact and how well our overall enterprise and each of our business lines were performing.   You can see the power of our diversified business model in the strong normalized FFO per share results we reported today at $0.97 per share, inclusive of the financial impact of COVID-19 toward the end of the quarter. In short, we were hitting on all cylinders with terrific momentum.   As soon as, we realized the potential scope and impact of the novel Coronavirus in February and early in March, we identified as our key priority that health and safety of Ventas’ employees and their family and the employees patients and senior living residents in our 1200 healthcare sites.   Although this particular crisis reflecting unique combination of forces, our experience, deep analysis based on early real time inputs and core principles have given us a solid framework for action.   Here are some of the strong measures we have taken to preserve and protect the Company and the many stakeholders who depend upon us. We have devoted significant efforts to support our tenants and operators across our portfolio during the COVID-19 pandemic.   We have established financial support programs for those who are experiencing financial hardship. We have assisted operators, who may be eligible for complex and various government programs, and we have leveraged our national scale to help operators source supplies, including scarce Personal Protective Equipment or PPE.   And today, we have announced a powerful new initiative for Ventas Senior Living Operators. Ventas will be providing access to COVID-19 testing kits and analysis from Mayo Clinic laboratories without charge to certain of our senior housing operators to further enhance safety at Ventas communities by accelerating employee testing.   Ventas and Atria working through Atria's ongoing relationship have secured access to testing capacity in excess of 30,000.   Atria is already nearly done testing all of this 14,000 U.S. on site and regional staff with approximately 9,000 results in less than 1% of Atria's employee tests have been returned positive.   Combined with digital tracking and tracing and appropriate use of PPE, Atria is building a new normal model to run its senior housing business safely and thoughtfully. In a positive sign, Atria has moved in 300 residents since early March all under full quarantine and PPE protocol.   Ventas plans to make available to certain of its other operators at least 10,000 COVID-19 test kits and analysis from Mayo Clinic Labs, ESL will be the next Ventas’ operators to use this testing for its Ventas communities, and it is already getting ready to test all this staff in May.   We look forward to finding more ways to work with Mayo Clinic Labs and our operators to further enhance safety in our communities for residents and caregivers. We will continue to evaluate additional action as appropriate.   Second, on our action hit list, we move early to review and implement our pre-existing business continuity plan. So, we could maintain a high level of productivity and manage a seamless transition to remote working arrangements.   With an interdisciplinary team of Ventas leaders coordinating our efforts, strongly IT support and capabilities, full buy in by our employees and enhanced communication. The company experienced no downtime and we have been highly effective during these challenging times. I'm so proud of how Ventas employees have reacted in rally and I want to thank them for their extraordinary efforts.   Third, we are pleased that we have reached a positive consensual resolution of our Holiday lease. After receiving full rents from Holiday since lease inception in 2013, through the end of the first quarter 2020. We have now received an additional $100 million in cash and secured notes.   We have entered into a new management agreement with Holiday for a 26 independent living assets and we have terminated the Holiday lease all effective April 1. This management structure retains our upside in our 26 communities and provides us with operational flexibility. We appreciate Holiday management's engagement and cooperation to complete this transaction.   Fourth, we were excited to augment our leadership team with Justin Hutchens and Carey Roberts when they join Ventas on March the 4th. Justin and Carey have added new energy and insight to our tight knit group at this crucial time. They've already made many meaningful contributions to Ventas. As we have collaborated to analyze and attack the business challenges presented by the pandemic.   Our experience has instilled in us the importance of liquidity in a crisis. As a result, we shared the courage of our convictions in mid-March by drawing on our revolver and then issuing senior notes generating $3.3 billion in liquidity. This financial flexibility will serve us well as we manage through to the other side of the COVID-19 pandemic.   In addition, we further enhanced our financial flexibility by acting immediately to reduce 2020 capital expenditures by $300 million, mainly by pausing certain of our previously announced ground-up developments that were not yet substantially underway. We are also carefully reviewing other areas of our Company for cost savings, including general and administrative expenses.   At the same time, we promptly withdrew our financial guidance on March 17th, nearly two months ago, when our early analysis informed by real time data let us to conclude that our financial performance could be materially affected by the pandemic. Our foresight proved correct and we fulfilled our commitment to transparency to our stakeholders by the actions we took in a timely way.   Finally, Ventas has served and continues to work tirelessly as a proactive and evidence-based advocate for seniors as federal policy makers. Working with industry groups and in alliance with senior living CEOs, we are demonstrating the crucial role senior living care providers play in protecting our senior population that is particularly vulnerable to this novel Coronavirus.   While we have taken plenty of actions, policymakers have done exponentially more. The Fed, the administration and Congress have implemented a comprehensive array of bold policy actions to partially mitigate the virus' severe implications for public health, capital markets and the economy.   Many businesses and households, including many of our tenants and operators have already benefited from this arsenal of federal programs. With this powerful support and more financial relief likely to follow, it is our responsibility now to take action to safely and responsibly move our Company toward a new normal.   As we do so, our visibility is limited and uncertainty remains very high. Indeed, we faced the COVID-19 paradox on the one side, reputable models and even certain government projections show an expected increase in COVID-19 confirmed cases and mortality numbers in many jurisdictions. These expectations if they materialize, could derail even the best laid plans for economic recovery. And this morning we saw a historic levels of unemployment claims in the U.S.   On the other hand, there is palpable optimism in the air as most states plan staged re-openings of their economies and businesses, many companies including ours are preparing for a gradual return to office work, patients and physicians are scheduling appointments in elective procedures, families are making deposits for senior housing move in, universities are planning to welcome students in the fall, and most importantly, our best scientific and medical minds are racing to find treatment, cures and vaccines for the Coronavirus.   We are proud to say that, many of our key research and innovation university relationships and tenants, including Duke, Wake Forest, Penn, Yale, and Integral Molecular are at the forefront of this research. All these promising developments provide hope for a speedier and sustained bounce back.   We don't have to know how these opposing trends will play out. Our job is to preserve and protect our Company and our stakeholders, and be ready for a variety of scenarios and opportunities. Before closing, I want to address our dividends in the context of this COVID-19 uncertainty.   As you know, we declared and paid our last quarterly dividend in April. Because we normally pay our next dividend in July, our board will consider the dividends in mid to late June. As it always does, our responsible and experienced board will make a decision using it is good faith business judgment, taking into account all of the information available to it at that time.   In a situation like the fast moving rapidly changing global pandemic, we have the advantage of aggregating and analyzing the best and most current information available in order to make the optimal decision.   The cycle test events as team and the Company are well prepared to manage through current conditions and to take further action as necessary. Guided by our experience, analysis and ethics, we will safeguard our employees, our senior housing residents and caregivers, our capital and our reputation, so that Ventas will remain a leading healthcare property owner in the businesses and geographies where we invest a desirable employer and an attractive investment vehicle.   And now for the first time, I'm pleased to ask Justin Hutchins to address you about Venta’s senior housing business.  
Justin Hutchens:   Thanks, Debbie. Let me just start off by saying I'm extremely excited to be working with the Ventas team. Given the circumstances, I have certainly had the opportunity to jump right in and immediately put my operating experience to work.   I'm also happy to be working again with long standing colleagues and industry leaders like Atria, Brookdale, SDL, Holiday, and Sunrise. COVID notwithstanding, I see great opportunities ahead for Ventas in its senior housing business.   In my first Ventas earnings call, I would like to discuss the momentum of our SHOP, the same-store portfolio showed in the first quarter. Outline how Ventas has worked with integrity to support our tenants and operators during a very challenging time. Describe the operational and clinical environment in SHOP, in triple-net, delve into April and May trends and provide our outlook for safe and staged reopening in senior housing.   Our SHOP portfolio started the year ahead of our expectations and with good momentum. Sequentially, NOI and our same-store SHOP portfolio grew 2.3% in the first quarter with COVID costs embedded.   Without COVID impacts NOI grew 6% versus the fourth quarter, with credit due to solid sequential performance from Atria through strong rate growth and expense control, and some welcome stabilization from ESL.   As expected, the year-over-year same-store SHOP comparisons were negatively affected by six million in COVID costs incurred in the quarter. The reduction in occupancy as a result of COVID in the back half of March as well as the previously discussed lower star point heading into 2020. Ex-COVID costs the year-over-year, same-store NOI would have declined 6.9%, better than our expectations given the difficult prior year comparison.   While we are mostly focused on the impact of COVID-19 to our operating performance, it is worth noting new construction starts in senior housing continue to decelerate with the first quarter of 2020, having the lowest number of new starts in several years at 1,000 units in Ventas markets.   Moving to our support for senior housing tenants and operators. I have been proud that Ventas has been out front and willing to work with integrity in support of our senior housing tenants, who are on the front lines of caring for seniors. This support has taken many forms.   I will just focus on some creative programs we have offered to our triple-net tenants. The company offered support to its triple-net senior housing tenants affected by the COVID-19 pandemic by implementing a 25% rent deferral program in April to enable them to care for seniors, purchase needed supplies and pay employees. This program ultimately reduced April cash rent receipts by approximately $3 million.   Adjusting for this tenant support program, tenants paid substantially all triple-net senior housing rents in April. For the month of May, the company offered qualified senior housing tenants the opportunity to pay up to 25% of their rent with cash as escrows and security deposits and based on participating tenants, we expect about $2 million of our rent to be paid this way.   We are encouraged to see that, some of our tenants have availed themselves of government relief programs for which they are eligible. We will continue to engage in constructive ongoing dialogue with our triple-net tenants regarding their COVID-19 challenges on a case-by-case basis.   We have many tools available to us to work through a near-term conditions including our backstop of corporate and personal guarantees in over $100 million of security deposits that stand behind these lease obligations.   Turning to the clinical and operational environment. These trying times underlined the importance of partnering with true industry leaders. We have been inspired by the tireless work of our operating partners to keep seniors safe.   Senior housing operators across the industry continue to aggressively implement protocols to protect against COVID-19. The result of these protocols is that almost all operators are only offering virtual tours and at the present time, about 29% of our 400 SHOP communities have suspended their move-ins.   In terms of the clinical impact on our SHOP portfolio as of April 30, it is a tale of two cities. Having a large New York and New Jersey footprint is a strategic advantage for Ventas, but those States where the epicenter for the COVID-19 infection and mortality rate.   On a full portfolio basis, about a quarter of our SHOP communities experienced at least one positive COVID-19 resident diagnosis since the beginning of the pandemic, registering accumulative percentage of resident cases at slightly over 2% of the resident population. Excluding New York and New Jersey, these figures improved dramatically with only 1% of our residents cumulatively effective since day one.   In our triple-net senior housing portfolio benefiting from geographic diversification, the percentage of resident cases is 1%. As is best practice, the care providers to great lengths to isolate or transfer to a higher acuity setting, the limited number of residents who receive positive diagnosis.   Brookdale in particular has been compassionate, but also fairly disciplined and rigorous in its preparation for and management of COVID conditions for the benefit of residents and their families.   In SHOPs, as a result of restricted access to communities nationally, April move-ins approximated 25% of typical levels. While overall move-outs were largely in-line with historic patterns. April average occupancy was approximately 82.4%. As of May 1, spot occupancy was estimated as 80.7% representing a 330 basis points declined since the beginning of April based on interim information provided by Ventas operators.   When excluding New York and New Jersey, occupancy would have declined to 280 basis points. Operating expenses are trending around 10% higher, particularly for labor and supplies, including PPE. These revenue and expense trends we are seeing for April, are expected to continue in May.   Financial and operational trends are expected to be directionally similar for our triple-net portfolio in the second quarter. For senior housing overall, as we look beyond the second quarter, there are three critical considerations we are monitoring that will materially affect the outlook for senior housing.   One, timing of reopening of communities to physical tours and move-ins. Two, cost and access to labor. Three, local demand characteristics including evolving protocols required to protect against the virus. The timing of openings will be driven by state specific guidelines, CDC guidelines and local community considerations. Ventas along with our operating partners is closely tracking state specific guidelines and COVID infection curves in each of our markets.   I'm encouraged to report that we have roughly 300 deposits for move-ins, which is a good sign of ongoing demand for our senior housing communities. Senior housing operators will find success in many ways, including and most importantly building trust with prospective residents and their families by demonstrating a concerted effort to keep communities free of infection. To do so, we anticipate elevated levels of costs over the course of the next several months.   Trust and confidence in senior housing or the near-term will be supported with best in class infection control practices, availability of PPE and testing residents and employees. As Debbie described, Ventas has played an important role alongside our operators and tenants to combat into pandemic and helping operators prepare to open successfully.   Through this challenging stretch, we continue to resolutely believe in the long-term value that senior living offers residents and their families and are sharply focused on positioning Ventas’ senior housing business for long term success.   With that, I will hand the floor to Pete to discuss our office business.  
Peter Bulgarelli:   Thanks Justin. We are certainly glad to have you and Carey on board. I will quickly touch on the first quarter results for our office segment, which represents 27% to Ventas NOI and then focus on the latest trends in our latest second quarter COVID framework.   For the first quarter of 2020 office same-store cash NOI increased by 5.8% year-on-year. This outstanding results was fueled by our R&I portfolio, which grew 22% driven by strong lease up and complimented by strong performance from the MOB portfolio.   In R&I, first quarter average rent per square foot was up 9.4% and occupancy was robust at just under 97%. Strong performance at our university based developments affiliated with University of Pennsylvania and Philadelphia and Washington University in St. Louis fueled our growth. Complimenting the fast growing R&I business is our MOB business. MOB same-store cash NOI for the first quarter of 2020 increased 1.9% year-on-year, also above our expectations.   Now let's shift to the latest COVID trends we are seeing in our office portfolio. I will start with medical office. Our top priority has been to partner with our tenants and the associated health systems to ensure the safety of health professionals, patients and our employees.   We have sourced substantial amounts of PPE, coordinated visitor screening, licensed short-term spaces, set up drive-through testing centers in our parking lots, provide a supplemental cleaning and otherwise supported our tenants during this challenging time.   We are happy to report that all of our buildings are open and none of our site based employees have tested positively for COVID-19. We sincerely thank all of our on-site employees and partners who fight the fight every day. We are very proud of them. I will also say regarding our MOB business, that parking receipts have slowed and while safety concerns have caused an increase in cleaning costs.   Given the current uncertainty, the pace of new leasing has slowed. However, we still leased 573,000 square feet during the first quarter and 381,000 square feet during April, with an additional 200,000 square feet of leases at the letter of intent stage.   Also, tenant retention has increased. I'm proud to say that MOB reported record retention of 83% for the trailing 12-months, 90% retention for the first quarter, 94% retention for March and an outstanding 98% in April.   Turning to our R&I portfolio. Our R&I buildings are a 100% open and are supporting critical research focused on the detection, prevention, and cure of COVID-19. We are proud to be partnered with leading research institutions such as Yale, Penn Gene Therapy Center, Wake Forest Health Sciences, Virginia Commonwealth University, Integral Molecular, Alexion and others in fighting this virus.   And we look forward to expanding our portfolio with other leading research institutions such as Arizona State and University of Pittsburgh in new under construction, world-class research building.   As previously mentioned, our R&I portfolio is 97% leased with an active leasing pipeline. Last phase continues to be in high demand. Net-net as of April 30th, we had 91.5% occupancy in our office business, representing 150 basis points year-on-year increase from April 2019. From March 31st through April 30th, we experienced a 10 basis point increase in occupancy for MOB and a 10 basis point increase for R&I.   So, let's talk rent payments. During the first quarter, our tenants paid essentially 100% of the office rent. Our historical bad debt expense has only been 20 basis points. We have high quality tenants that pay their rent.   In April, our tenants paid 96% of office rents. We expect a significant proportion of the unpaid rent to be ultimately collected. And I’m encouraged that so far in May, our office tenants have paid nearly 80% of the rents due, to-date we are seeing a faster payment rate than what we experienced in April.   I will say the tenants experiencing the most pressure are the smaller third party position groups in MOB, the smaller private companies in R&I and retail. Taken together, these customer segments represent a relatively small portion of our office portfolio. We are supporting these tenants by raising awareness and assisting them with securing federal relief.   On a selective basis, we are also offering to differ May rent for these small tenants to be repaid no later than the fourth quarter. To-date only a small number of tenants who have utilized the rents deferral opportunity.   Supporting the durability of our office portfolio are a couple of our additional facts. First, our MOB portfolio is largely on campus 71%. We also have a high level of acuity in our buildings, with 88% of our physician tenants being specialists. Our buildings and our tenants are essential to the delivery of care during this difficult time. Less than 10% of our tenant suites closed during the pandemic.   Second, as of May 7th, over 80% of the MOB NOI is in states that have either reopened for elective procedures or have announced the resumption of elective procedures. In locations that have reopened, we are seeing material increases in activity, although still below pre-COVID levels.   As a reminder that our nation is resilient and that normalcy returns following catastrophes. I'm happy to report that Ventas is delivering [Technical Difficulty] that was devastated by Hurricane Michel in 2018.   With that happy news, I will pass the turn to Bob to finish up our prepared remarks.  
Robert Probst:   Thank you Pete. I will start with our triple-net lease portfolio overall before I close with some enterprise level commentary. The triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by 3.9% year-over-year in the first quarter. Growth was driven by in-place lease escalations, and a $3 million cash fee received in the quarter from capital senior living.   Trailing 12-months coverage as of the fourth quarter of 2019, for the overall triple-net portfolio for triple-net senior housing remains stable at 1.5 times and 1.1 times respectively. Post acute coverage declined sequentially by 10 basis points to 1.3 times, due to a decline in volumes at Kindred, driven by managed care and purposeful reduction of non-compliant patients.   Adjusting for the 25% rent deferral program in senior housing, we collected close to 100% of our overall expected triple-net portfolio rents in April. We have already received almost a 100% of triple-net healthcare rent for May and we are on-track with triple-net senior housing May collections.   We expect the impact of COVID on our triple-net healthcare rents from acute care providers to be muted in the second quarter. Acute care hospitals have been impacted by the reduction of elective procedures, but have had significant access to government funding and support.   Additionally for Ardent, as of May 1st, all 10 of the Ventas owned hospitals have reopened or will reopen in May for elective procedures. For the post acute providers in our triple-net health care portfolio, volume trends have varied. Deltek, Ventas has been higher than budgeted, the costs have increased. We expect that the concern over respiratory disease will enhance Kindred Deltek business going forward.   Urban census initially declined due to lower surgeries and acute care volumes, but census has improved since mid April. Smiths are experiencing notably higher mortality rates with census down dramatically and the most profitable rehab patients also down. Positive post-acute trends include access to government funding, relief from site neutral pricing, waiver of length of stay requirements and the 2% sequestration delay.   I will close with some comments regarding the overall enterprise and our financial position. I want to underscore how pleased we are with our first quarter results including property performance ahead of our expectations, record quarterly revenues, strong FFO delivery of $0.97 per share and enhanced balance sheet 5.7 times of net debt to EBITDA and excellent liquidity. And we took decisive action in the face of the pandemic to bolster our financial flexibility.   In March, we drew $2.75 billion under our $3 billion revolver and followed it up in early April with a $500 million senior note issuance. As a result, as of May 6th, Ventas has approximately $3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand with no commercial paper outstanding. We also have very limited debt maturing in 2020 or 2021 and we have the ability to extend our revolver for up to one year.   We plan to bolster financial flexibility by reducing 2020 total capital expenditures by nearly 300 million to a total of 500 million with the decline led by pausing ground-up developments not yet substantially underway. Notably one used to be in Philadelphia and 42/10 in St. Louis.   Our ongoing development projects are on average 81% free leaks to high quality credit tenants in the R&I business. I note that Ventas has a $400 million committed construction line of credit to fund development with $250 million of available capacity as of the end of March. Ventas is expected unfunded investment in all of ground up developments in 2020 net of committed financing is approximately $100 million.   In addition to conserving CapEx, the company is reviewing its cost structures across the enterprise, including its SG&A and organizational costs. As Debbie says, we are on it.   Given our early understanding of the potential impacts of the pandemic, Ventas went through a previously issued financial guidance on March 17th. We believe the adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition will be driven by many factors, most of which are outside of the Company's control and ability to forecast.   Wherever provide investors with incremental observations and transparency, we included today the investor deck outlining our COVID response and latest business trends, as well as expanded disclosure as summarized on Page 44 of the supplemental.   To close we are pleased with our start to year and with the actions taken thus far, and are committed to continuing to take the actions necessary to manage through these unprecedented times. That concludes our prepared remarks.   Before we start with Q&A, we are limiting each caller to two questions given a busy calendar request from a few analysts to be respectful of everyone on the line. Also, given the fact that we are all remote, we will have Debby quarterback to the QA and to pass questions to the Ventas’ team if needed.   With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.  
Operator:   [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Nick Joseph from Citi.  
Q - Nicholas Joseph:   Thank you, I appreciate all the color and specifically on April and May rent collections for net lease. You addressed Holiday this morning, but you expect additional net lease restructurings over the next few months?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good morning Nick its Debby. I'm going to ask Justin to comment on that.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Thank you Debby. First of all, I think it is important to know, our biggest priority is that our operators are looking out for the health and safety of our residents in our communities. That is priority number one, in the near-term.   I will also point two, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we have already started to take action, we mentioned the rent deferral in April, we mentioned the opportunity for tenants to pay down rent - pay some of their rent with their cash escrows in May and that the Holiday restructuring.   What we are committed to do is to take action that is going to give us the best opportunity to create value in a portfolio and work with our operators to determine the best outcome. It is still early, some uncertainty ahead of us still, but we will certainly be watching everything closely.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   Debby it is Michael Bilerman.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hey Michael.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   I think Bob mentioned in his comments about sort of looking at all forms of cost within the enterprise. Can you sort of address corporate management sort of pay levels and whether that is on the docket and how investors should think about that interest in the governance perspective, whether there would be any changes from the chairman and CEO role which you continue to maintain?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Sure, and I'm happy to talk about that and turn it over to Bob, for a little bit more detail. But most of our executive compensation is very aligned with shareholders and is the vast majority of which is in the form of performance based equity compensation.   When you think about the overall enterprise, I'm going to turn it over to Bob to talk about some of the insights he has about making sure that the company is efficient and cognizant of the environment that we are in.  
A - Robert Probst:   Sure. This is an analysis Michael, that again pre-COVID that is the analysis of our SG&A. We are well underway in that analysis. Everything I would say is on the table, as we think about that. I would expect to have some more news this quarter as we are well underway on that analysis and we do see opportunity. But at the end of the day, we have a 20-year record of being efficient and effective and that continues to be our goal and we have a duty to make sure we are doing that.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   And Debby is there anything on splitting the Chairman and CEO role?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I think that, consistent with the idea that one of the cost efficient, our expectation is that, I would continue to hold those roles, obviously serving at the pleasure of our shareholders and our Board of Directors.  
Q - Michael Bilerman:   Okay. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Rich Anderson from SMBC.  
Q - Rich Anderson:   Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone and hello to you, Justin.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi, Rich.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Hey thanks. Good morning everyone and hello to you Justin. So, just on the on the Holiday and maybe an extrapolation from that. So EBITDA below rent, so it is obviously a dilutive transaction. But understanding kind of the thought process on taking Sabra’s roadmap on Holiday. And so, I'm curious in the aftermath of all this, do you feel like net lease is becoming an increasingly dying breed for Ventas and you want more control that goes through Brookdale and others or is this a one-off type of thing and you still think that there is a role for triple-net to play in senior housing in the aftermath of all this?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good to talk with you, Rich. Let me take that. A couple of things. One is we are pleased with the Holiday transaction. We think it really does a lot of good things and we are happy to take a page out of our friends with matrices book, and we preserved that upside in the assets and a lot of operational flexibility. So, we feel good about that and look forward to optimizing that portfolio.   In terms of the triple-net lease, what I would say is, triple-net leases are a little bit like mortgages in one sense, which is that they magnify ups and downs for the operators and in any challenging environment, they are going to be disfavored. And of course that is the situation we find ourselves in now. In other environments, they could be very attractive to both land owners as well as the operators.   So, I think there is many tools in the bag, many I guess you would say clubs in the bag, tools in the toolkit, and the triple-net lease I think will continue to be one. And there are many ways that you can customize leases also to create alignment.   So, we think the triple-net lease will survive and we think we will continue to be creative and collaborative in how we work with our operators, be they tenants or managers in optimizing our portfolio and then being good partners.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Okay. I prefer arrows in the quiver, but that is just me.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   That is a good one too. Absolutely.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   And then juxtapose U.S. to Canadian, particularly as it relates to your recent investment there. And how things are kind of performing relatively.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes. I mean, our investment most, we have a significant Canadian portfolio. Obviously, the pandemic has affected assets there as well. Those operators have also received significant government support and one thing we have liked about the Quebec portfolio with LGM is that they have a younger healthier population a longer lengths of stay.   They are very rigorous and have been very active from early on working to protect the residents. Obviously, that portfolio will be effected as well. But there are some characteristics of the LGM portfolio that make it probably a better performer on a relative basis, despite being impacted by pandemic.  
Q - Richard Anderson:   Okay, great. Thanks very much. Good luck everyone.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you. great talking to you Rich.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Good morning everyone. So, in terms of the Holiday restructuring just to make sure understanding how this is going to work. I guess in terms of the money that you are receiving from them the cash, and then the notes and are you going to be actually booking any income from those two items in the second quarter and in terms of the notes, the 9% rate is there any component that cash interest that you are receiving?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Great question. Yes, the cash and notes are effectively income and I think we mentioned this in the release and so those will be included in net income and yes we actually would expect as part of our ongoing this for ongoing notes we would expect to book and receive some amount of interest income as we go forward.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Is any of that cash income from those notes?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   We would expect it to be cash. Yes.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Okay, thanks. And then I was just hoping to get a feel for you I know you gave us a coverage on Holiday as a trailing number. Is it possible to get the quarterly first quarter EBITDARM for those assets so we can understand exactly from an NOI standpoint as you now have this operating NOI. What the delta is going to be between the old 60 million of cash NOI you got on the lease versus on a real time basis, realizing things are going to move around still, but at least on the first quarter number record what that looks like from a operating EBITDARM basis?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Right, I mean we have had Holiday in the heat map, obviously and it had been below a 101 and EBITDARM basis. So, as we reported the last time and really what I would say is that just like everything else in the portfolio as you point out, it is really going to depend on how the pandemic really plays out and so I think we will just defer that as we get more real time information about the portfolio. I'm happy to talk to you about it as things progress.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Right, I guess, but I mean you guys do have an actual number I'm assuming that for the first quarter and so I was trying to see if we can least get that number so we can use that as a base to then build off some assumptions.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes, I mean, I think you should, you should look at about a 0.9 EBITDARM coverage, something like that in the first quarter, rough numbers.  
Q - Nicholas Yulico:   Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hello.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Sorry. I had myself on mute. I just hope everyone in the team is okay and doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Debbie, you referenced the dividend in your prepared remarks and I just want to clarify one. I'm assuming the dividend is all cash today and just as we think about the dividend going to second quarter, what are sort of the metrics? What are you looking at? Maybe give us a sense of where AFFO versus the dividend could trend even just percentage wise. What are some of your put and takes if you think about the dividend?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you. Yes, I mean, I think really want to just touch on the fact that, while we are in this period of uncertainty, we generally want to match our decision making speed with what is required. And our Board is going to look at all relevant information when it addresses the dividend, as I mentioned in mid to late June.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay. And the dividend is all cash currency.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   It has been. Yes, Vikram.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay. And then just second, as you I think you and Bob outlaid the expectations for occupancy in the next few months and it was about a 100 basis points per month in the [RIDEA] (Ph) portfolio. Can you give it a sort of a broader sense of what the ins and outs are in terms of assumptions for move-ins versus move-out and as an aside, if we could request more monthly or more weekly updates, that would be great.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I'm going to ask Bob to address that Vikram.  
A - Robert Probst:   Sure. I will give you some building blocks Vikram using April as our case study here. We saw move-ins approximately 25% of our historic levels or down 75%, to put the other way. The move-outs have trended pretty consistently with historical patterns and the net of that is approximately a 70 basis point impact on occupancy on a weekly basis.   One way to think about revenue impact is that, and this is the Page 7 of the investor deck. If you haven't seen this is, a 100 basis points of occupancy generally, sequentially on average is about $2 million to $3 million of revenue per month. So, you can do math there.   And we expect that trend as we see it right now to carry on into May. On the expense side, we mentioned about 10% OpEx increase, driven by labor and supplies including PP&E. We had about $125 million of monthly OpEx in our portfolio in SHOP. So, it gives you some more facts if you like to do the math.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Okay.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Vikram, we thought you love those rules of thumb.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   I guess I was just trying to understand the move from the 330 basis points loss in the month of April down to a 100 per month. And I was just trying to understand more specifically like what are you assuming changes from April to May through June?  
A - Robert Probst:   Let me clarify, just to make sure we are on the same page. The 330 basis points was the spot-to-spot effectively beginning to end of April, occupancy moves. And my 100 basis points was simply a rule of thumb to help you.   So, that is an important clarification, beyond what we are seeing in April and early May, I'm not able to project what I think is going to be for the second quarter, for example. But those will give you some building blocks to make your own assumptions.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   This is Justin. And I'm going to add a little color to that might be helpful and I will just preface this that I'm going to give you April average occupancy numbers that are presented by our operators and these are fully vetted, we only report these numbers.   But I'm going to compare March first. So March average occupancy was 85%, April average is at 82.4%. So, there is 260 basis points difference. If you take New York and New Jersey out, as I did in my prepared remarks when I was using spot occupancy, March average is 85.1, April at 82.9. So, the 220 basis point change.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   And that is shows the difference between really the quote and unquote spot, beginning of month to end of month versus the average occupancies for the month. So, let's carry on. Thank you.  
Q - Vikram Malhotra:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   Yes, thanks. Debbie, I just wonder if you could you add some color on the testing capabilities that you are providing your operators. I don't know if you said this, if I missed it, but are you able to provide enough tests for all the restaurants at the facilities or what in depth are you able to offer right now if that relationship?   
A - Debra Cafaro:   Great. Good morning. So, we are very excited about this initiative and we are taking the first step with Atria and it is really to accelerate employee e-testing at Ventas buildings with select operators to make our communities safer, and facilitate thoughtful reopening and confidence and trust as Justin talked about.   And so, we have this first compliment of 10,000 testing kits with Mayo Lab’s analysis, which is very important, they have a very high accuracy rate at Mayo, as you would imagine and we really think this is a great first step that we can make available. Atria has already done it, ESL will be next and we will make it available to select operators, principally for their employee testing program.   Once we see how that goes again, we are early days are, still a lot of uncertainty, new testing and tools coming out all the time, we will determine if we want to are-up or if we want to take a different step moving forward, but we think this is a great opportunity to do the right thing and really have a differentiated partnership with our operators and really build that trust and confidence with residents and their families that is so sorely needed.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   And then what is the turnaround time. How long does it take to get to tests and I guess if you have confidence that at least your employees are not affected by COVID. Is there discussion that you could reopen those communities or is it still too early to tell?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   The turnaround is a day or two and it will indeed build confidence as a component of the thoughtful reopening and admissions plan.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   And I will just add one other point to that. This is Justin. All of our operators are considering the move-in protocols at this point, and about 70% of our operators are operating in states that are starting to loosen their stay-at-home policy. So this is a very active conversation.   And the advantage that testing gives you, obviously it gives you a lot more certainty around the potential for spread of infection. But the other advantage is, it is recognized in the CDC guidelines. If testing occurs, then it can accelerate the time that someone can move in, where the regular quarantine is around 14-days and the testing allows for something closer to two or three days.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Okay. Right. And that is a good point, because the test may also be available for new residents in certain cases. Thank you. Mike.  
Q - Michael Carroll:   Okay. Great. Thanks.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Thank you, and I hope everybody is doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks Jordan. We are.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Okay. My first question I think is maybe for Bob, I will leave it to Debby to quarterback. But regarding the revolver draw down and I think some subsequent repayments post a senior note issuance in April. You did mentioned in your conversation that, Ventas is past the peak for mortality in your SHOP assets and in triple net.   And so, I guess I'm kind of curious, I know you are waiting till the last minute to make a decision on a dividend, but what do you want to see these to be the virus before in order to sort of pay down those borrowings and sort of what is that sort of draw down, is that reflecting concerns around the ability to potentially borrow?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I will turn it over to Bob, but one thing we know for sure is that, having went through many decades of this that, having assured liquidity is the number one, two and three attributes that you want to have to manage successfully through any kind of uncertainty. And so, we have that and that is kind of a golden rule, and it served us very, very well.   In terms of the pass of the peak, again, there are numerous models. There is a lot of uncertainty, but as of a point in time, I'm glad that you noticed data that shows that a lot of our NOI in our senior housing on those triple-net and SHOP is in states where according to a single model as of a certain day, the peak of mortality is behind us. Now that could change again and that of course would affect our outlook.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   That is helpful. I guess I'm trying to understand the difference between, that assured liquidity as it relates to sort of that revolver borrowing or draw downs versus the dividend that you actually pay. So, there is some uncertainty surrounding the potential to be able to draw or have access to cash. But, it seems like you are not yet willing to sort of cut the dividend down to zero in order to sort of stay off or protect yourself from any uncertainty or maybe I'm misreading that.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes. I mean, I think what we have said clearly about the dividends is that the board will make that decision at the right time, which are dividends is a July dividends historically and so that would basically defer that decision to be made by our board until mid to late June. So, do you have a question for Bob about the revolver draw just Jordon?  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   I think you answered it. But maybe you mentioned Justin. I wanted a welcome back to him back to REIT land. Unfortunately, under these crazy circumstances, but I would have asked him for a review of the portfolio probably not fully appropriate.   Debbie, a couple years ago, you spun off the skilled nursing portfolio at a time when there was no real distress in that sector. Any thoughts surrounding, management and or the potential spin of the seniors housing portfolio or are we just that way too soon, I don't mean to be flippant at all in that question.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Yes, I think that under skilled nursing, I think I'm glad you reminded us that, that we really did that, at the absolute peak time in valuations at a seven cap on rent at that time. And we really continue to believe that was a very sound strategic decision, particularly as we look at infection mortality rates in skilled nursing now.   I think we given all the uncertainty right now we are focused on health and safety as Justin said really just strong effort to keep Ventas strong and stable and get ready for any scenario and the opportunities in the future. So, we will defer that discussion if you don't mind.  
Q - Jordan Sadler:   Okay. That is fir. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks Jordan.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein from Bank of America.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   Hey good morning everyone. Glad you are doing well.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I clearly had too many people with the first initial J in my life. Anyways go ahead I will try to get it right this time.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   I'm just curious on the Holiday switch to the management contract. Was that something you were in discussion with before the pandemic or was it really the pandemic was the drivers that kind of got you going on that discussion?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, we have talked about Holiday for a while and have been pretty clear about what the performance was over the past couple of years. I think we were in a good spot, because Holiday remains current and paying full rent all the way through the first quarter and they have been great about that and we were the sole beneficiary of the guarantors.   So, of course, we had a EBITDAR kind of one-to-one coverage. So, we felt like we were in a good spot. But we did feel mutually that it was the right time to take a different approach and we did so in a way that we think was beneficial for both and preserved upside and on operational flexibility.    So, we are happy that we have done it, and we are going to optimize that portfolio especially now that Justin is here.  
Q - Joshua Dennerlein:   Okay, and then just on the senior housing triple-net rents. I see in your presentation you mentioned I guess sort of May rents are allowing up to 25% of the rent to get paid from the deposits, you expect two million or so to be paid. Do you have a sense of like I guess like back into it, but what percent of tenants are taking advantage of that and I guess later on would you require the tenants to kind of back fill those deposits?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Right Justin.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Yes. It is actually very low percentage, if you think about around 30 million of rent per month and only round two million or up to two million we think will be paid with the cash escrows s to carry deposits. So not a lot.   I will mention two other things on the triple-net, one is that as we said it is our May collections are really right on track, so looking good in May. Also some of April tenants that took advantage of that deferral have already paid back.   So that was good encouraging sign as well, and in that case, there were smaller operators that had advantage of government assistance. But our tap was to Allow some liquidity for operators during a very tough and uncertain time, and we are happy that some of the operators have taken advantage of that.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets.  
Q - John Kim:   Hey good morning everyone and welcome Justin.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi John.  
Q - John Kim:   I had question on your deposits, that were mentioned - deposits in senior housing, is there any difference regionally for the New York, New Jersey to have more of sure deposits than some of the other markets not impacted by the virus?  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Hello, this is Justin. Let me just mention first of all, we don’t normally track deposits, because senior housing particularly assisted living, and memory care are what we focused is need driven. So tracking deposits is usually a very short-term indictor of move-in.   But given the environment we started to track recently a lot of those deposits are in Sunrise and Sunrise has kind of a north east footprint with us. So there is certainly some New York and Massachusetts are few for our Sunrise footprint, a lot of those deposits are with them.   There is another stab I will mention, that is round lead which is something that we do track regularly and leads have stabilized over the past few weeks about half of our lead volume, which is you know encouraging in a sense, because it shows that there is still ongoing demand.   Even though we are not doing physical tours, and we are doing virtual tours and in-lue of those there is still ongoing demand and is ahead of that moving pace that we have been experiencing so far. But there is long answer to short question and that is not ready to really point out specific geographies except to say that Sunrise is a big part of those deposits.  
Q - John Kim:   And then Pete mentioned in his prepared remarks the high retention rate you guys had in the medical office business. Can you provide some terms on that, are these short-term, but month-to-month lease expansions and also what the cash leasing spreads were?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Pete.  
A - Peter Bulgarelli:   So, John, let me just be sure that I understand what you are asking. Well, we talked about was 96% receipt of cash rents overall in the office portfolio. Is that what you are asking?  
Q - John Kim:   No. I was talking about the retention rates, the renewal rates.  
A - Peter Bulgarelli:   I see. Okay, so of our retention rates, yes, the 90% for the quarter and 94% for March and for April is at 98%, which is a phenomenal set of numbers. And yes, I would say it is a mix in some cases are short-term where they are just uncertain about their future.   And so they want to, just take a year extension. In other cases we use the opportunity to take advantage of maybe some rent relief in exchange for a couple years of additional term. So, we have been fairly entrepreneurial in doing that.   And then there is also some practical reasons, I will tell you kind of an interesting story of an [OVGYN] (Ph), who was 70 something years old who was going to retire. But then he sat back and he thought you know what with his shelter at home, maybe there is going to be a lot of bursts next time, in nine-months from now. So, I'm going to extend for one more year. I'm going to work and cash in on this opportunity. So, it is been a mixture of things.  
Q - John Kim:   Great. Thank you.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Thanks John.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Lukas Hartwich from Green Street Advisors.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Great, thanks. Whenever we do come out the other side of the COVID pandemic. I'm just curious what you think the recovery in SHOP looks like. Do you expect there to be pent up demand or expect do you expect something more gradual?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I think our focus right now is really getting through the biggest part of the pandemic Lucas and then there remains really a lot of uncertainty about the depths and then the time period where it will be most active and then what the slope and pace to recovery will look like and those could very significantly affect what the recovery and senior housing looks like.   So, we are really happy for the day when we can discuss that with more specificity in terms of timing, pay and slope. But right now, we are focused on maximizing during the course of the toughest period of pandemic.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Great and then the second one for me is just. Can you provide a little more color on the performance trends of the Sunrise shop portfolio?  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Justin.  
A - Justin Hutchens:   Yep, sure. So, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the year-over-year stats that were down and the reasons for that, given the fact that we are starting off at a lower starting point. I also mentioned the strong sequential performance.   That performance was driven by Atria and ESL. Sunrise was not as big acontributor to that. There are some less good performance from the sunrise portfolio during that time, so it was actually contributing on a sequential basis, closer to down around 9%.  
Q - Lukas Hartwich:   Thank you.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya form Mizuho.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Yes. Good morning everyone. Justin, good to have you back from Jolly Old England old cap.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Hi.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Hi Debbie.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Good.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Good. I'm glad to hear that. A couple of questions. The first one is actually on the office side. The 96% of April rent collected, is there way you could help us break it down kind of what you know the rates of MOB versus Life Sciences or other differences there?  
A - Pete Bulgarelli:   Hey Tayo. This is Pete. How are you? So, the 96% we are very, very pleased with, and one of the items I did want to point out is that those are receipts. Deferrals are not included in that number, and as a matter of fact for April, there were almost zero deferrals.   We are talking like $150,000 worth of deferrals in April, and those were for retail tenants. So, this is true cash receipts and collected in a very positive way. The MOB Portfolio had a slightly higher collection rate for April and the R&I had a slightly lower number. But really nothing material.   It is interesting that many of the universities are just - they do hand checks. They actually write checks out and it is a slower process in a normal month and it is a slower process in a turbulent month. So, that is my assessment.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Okay.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   So. I mean those portfolios performed very well.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Gotcha. Okay. And then on the Life Sciences side, again very strong same-store NOI this quarter, again it has been a positive on the overall Ventas story. So I guess, a little bit surprised when we looked at the development pipeline that is the projects that were halted or all kinds of Life Science Wexford projects and there was one other projects also Life Sciences, where the completion date was deferred or pushed back a year. So, just kind of curious kind of thinking about that business that is such a big positive on your overall story. And again, a part of what is kind of happening on the development front later you know halting or delaying some of these development projects.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   You are absolutely right. We are happy that, we have grown our office portfolio in particularly this exciting Life Science University based portfolio over the past years, it is really, you are seeing the benefit of that right now.   Both in the fact that is where all the action is on the virus and the vaccines in the search for a cure, as well as the diversification benefits we are getting from that portfolio, within the broader Ventas Enterprise.   And so, it is a significant capital allocation priority. We do have a number of ongoing projects with Arizona State and [Pitt] to name a few. And basically, what we did as a matter of I think, really good discipline and approach is that, when we really understood quickly the potential from this Coronavirus, we aggressively paused on the two developments that really were not yet significantly underway.   And so the ones that are ongoing are going to be delivered and we will have our 80% pre-leased and the ones that are on the drawing board have been paused I think intelligently to take a look at capital conservation.   And of course, as I mentioned, we will be able to make a decision on those at the appropriate time as to moving forward and timing and the life, we are happy to have this portfolio and it will continue to be an important part of the Ventas’ story.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Got you. Okay. One more if you would indulge me. So, when Justin was announced as joining the team and you guys announced your kind of plans around senior housing stock outperformed that day. Today, you announced solid plans around Holiday the stock is outperforming. So, clearly, I think the market is looking for you guys to kind of rectify potential issues that people see in the portfolio.   Just kind of given that, I guess why you guys maybe not a little bit more aggressive in regards to kind of trying to address some of these issues, whether it is some of the triple-net portfolio that still has a weak rent coverage and things of that nature, it just kind of feels like the market is basically saying, do it. We are expecting you to do it, but in the near-term it is just doesn’t seem to be happening as quickly as I think some of us anticipating.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, I would say that we over a long period of time have a good track record of taking action, and that we think is going to be beneficial for our shareholders and we have taken many actions to evidence that whether they have been with Kindred or today with Holiday and we will continue to do that.   We have made a ton of progress, we are proud of what we have done on the leadership front, as you mentioned along with the portfolio front and we will continue to do that with urgency and purpose. And hopefully we will continue to get rewarded for doing the right things at the right time.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Okay that is helpful. Well I just feel like the runway is clearly open and everyone is waiting for you guys to take off.  
A - Debra Cafaro:   Well, thank you. We appreciate that support. Our wings are flapping. Thank you, Tayo.  
Q - Omotayo Okusanya:   Thank you.  
End of Q&A:  
A - Debra Cafaro:   I think we have one more operator. Anything further? Okay, if we don't have any further questions, I want to sincerely thank you for your time, your attention, your interest in Ventas. We have a great team here that is really committed to protecting and preserving the Company and for really delivering for all the stakeholders who depend upon us. So, we look forward to seeing you on the other side of this terrible pandemic and until then, stay safe and strong. We will see you soon. Bye-bye.  
Operator:   Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q4 2019 Ventas earnings conference call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Juan Sanabrial. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Juan Sanabrial: Thanks Justin. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2019. As we start, let me express that our projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the company's other SEC filings. Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Juan. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to the Ventas year-end 2019 earnings call. Today, the Ventas team is here with me to discuss our 2019 performance and provide our outlook for 2020. Let me start by expressing how personally committed I am to the future success of Ventas, our Ventas team and our stakeholders. As such, today we are announcing a series of decisive actions to drive performance, including recruitment of new talent and realignment of our executive team, the launch of an exciting new growth platform and significant moves to improve senior housing quality and reliability. Following our third quarter call with you in October, we committed to doing three things. One, closing out the year consistent with the guidance we provided. Second, taking demonstrable steps to improve performance and get back on the Ventas winning path. And third, providing 2020 guidance when it was ready and reliable. Today, we have met all three commitments. Let's start with finishing our year consistent with our outlook. For the full year in 2019, we delivered solid enterprise results of $3.85 per share, at the high-end of our full year normalized FFO guidance range issued in February 2019, let by our office segment outperformance, steady growth in our healthcare portfolio, accretive investments and effective capital markets activity. Our fourth quarter 2019 results also came in line with our projection. Notably, during the year, we also made significant strategic advances. We announced, closed or commenced nearly $4 billion of new investments expected to yield between 6% and 7%. These investments include our attractive LGM portfolio and partnership in Quebec and our commitment to nearly $1 billion of high quality research and innovation ground up development projects with leading research universities. We took smart capital markets actions to finance our investments, lower interest expense and extend maturity. And thanks to Pete Bulgarelli and his team, we delivered strong results in our office business that now represents nearly 30% of our portfolio. We continue to lead in and be widely recognized for our commitment to environmental, social and governance values. Second, we promised to take demonstrable actions to improve our performance and position us for growth and success. We have been moving with a sense of urgency, intensity and purpose and have made significant strides over the past couple of months. These actions fall into three general categories, leadership, senior housing and platforms for growth. Let me start with leadership. Today, we announced the appointment of Justin Hutchens to our executive leadership team. Most of you know Justin as a well-respected operationally focused senior housing leader. Justin, who will report to me and move to Chicago, will oversee our senior living business in North America, partner with our operators and focus on maximizing our position in the market. His operating background will provide a strong complement to our existing capable team and his presence will add to our senior housing bandwidth. We are all very excited about the insights and impact Justin will have on the Ventas senior housing business when he joins us in early April. At the same time, we are realigning our current leadership team to provide expanded growth and responsibilities for each executive and we will welcome our new General Counsel, Carey Roberts, when she begins at Ventas in March. Turning to the action items to improve our senior housing business. We are marketing for sale over $600 million in non-strategic senior housing assets and the process is competitive. When achieved, proceeds of these divestitures will be recycled into our exciting research and innovation pipeline with leading research universities. We have also collaborated with our operators to accelerate and target our senior housing capital investment plans for 2020 and better position our communities to compete in their markets. In priority markets, we have significantly increased our 2020 budgeted CapEx spend, particularly on projects that are customer facing and designed to improve the occupancy, competitive position and overall attractiveness of our communities. We have also taken initial steps to form an institutional joint venture for the ESL portfolio, as ESL continues to find its footing following the transition of assets to it, the recent rollout of its simplified pricing model and an increased allocation of capital to the communities. And finally, in a sincere attempt to be responsive to investor and analyst input, we have updated our SHOP same-store policies to enhance comparability, transparency and consistency in the presentation of our SHOP results and guidance. I want to recognize Michael Bilerman for encouraging this initiative as well as Tom Herzog, Pete Scott, Bob and our own team for the energy and professionalism they brought to this effort for the benefit of investors, analysts and other stakeholders. The third category of action we have taken to position the company for growth and success is the launch of an exciting new business in the first quarter. It is a Ventas branded perpetual life vehicle focused on life science, medical assets and senior housing assets. Our fund is off to a fast start with about $650 million of committed third-party capital by its initial closing which is expected in the first quarter. Ventas is seeding the fund with life science and medical office buildings valued at a 4.9% cash cap rate validating the value creation of our investment strategy and execution. At inception, we also expect the fund to enjoy nearly $0.5 billion of incremental buying power to acquire additional assets and we expect the fund's gross assets under management to grow over time. Ventas will retain a 20% interest in the fund to ensure alignment with the fund investors as well as receive asset management fees and other compensation if the fund investors receive expected returns. Our new fund has numerous strategic and financial benefits for Ventas and its shareholders. It leverages our brand, team, experience and industry knowledge, extends our reach and provides us with another consistent source of capital to grow. We expect each of the actions outlined above to contribute positively to our enterprise results over time. Which leads to the third and final objective we communicated to you that we would introduce 2020 guidance and the components thereof when they were ready and reliable. Today, we are introducing 2020 normalized FFO per share guidance of $3.56 to $3.69. Our 2020 guidance at the mid point approximates our fourth quarter 2019 results times four adjusted for a few identified items. Our guidance also reflects our expectations for continued strength and reliability in our office and healthcare verticals, continued pressures in our senior housing portfolio and no capital markets or investment activity. Although our 2020 guidance excludes, as is typical, the impact of new acquisitions, we are coming off a fantastic year and we continue to see attractive investment opportunities across our verticals, including in our research and innovation business. During 2020, we will endeavor to extend our long history of effectively sourcing, acquiring, underwriting and financing value creating investments. Turning to the broader market, we continue to see strong institutional interest in all of our asset classes, particularly senior housing, life science and medical office. Global investors continue to be powerfully attracted to these asset classes for the same reasons we are. They are driven by powerful demographic demand tailwinds. We are especially encouraged by the favorable supply demand trends in the national senior housing market and in our submarkets that bode well for our future. In the top 99 markets, absorption in the fourth quarter outpaced inventory growth for the second consecutive quarter driving 2019 absorption to the highest level on record. Across Ventas submarkets, we expect 2020 deliveries of new communities to improve year-over-year. Although operators are still digesting the cumulative supply delivered over the past couple of years, the power of this upturn in senior housing is undeniable and inevitable. So as we push through 2020, we have our sight set on the potential in Ventas from the upside we see in our senior housing business, contribution from the opening of our research and innovation developments, steady and growing NOI from our high performing office and healthcare portfolios, the expansion of our footprint and access to capital through our newly launched fund, our enhanced team that is committed to each other and to our stakeholders and our continued investment in capital markets opportunities. And now, I am happy to turn the call over to my partner, our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thanks Debbie. In my remarks today, I will cover our property performance and outlook, our overall 2019 company results and our company guidance for 2020. But before I jump in, our 2020 FFO guidance range midpoint of $3.63 per share can be framed simply as our adjusted fourth quarter 2019 FFO annualized further adjusted for continued growth in office and triple-net healthcare, $0.03 of dilution from $1.3 billion of capital recycling and for flat senior housing performance. This guidance excludes any new unannounced fees, investments or capital markets transactions, as is our practice. With that context, let's get into the property discussion. SHOP results for the fourth quarter 2019 were in line with our latest expectations. Full year 2019 same-store SHOP NOI declined 4.4%, while Q4 declined 7.5%, driven by the cumulative effect of new competition together with some unique operational issues at ESL. If we exclude ESL, which represent 8% of our same-store NOI, fourth quarter 2019 same-store NOI would have declined 4% and the full year 2019 would have been down 3.1%. As anticipated, the lower revenue trajectory coming out of Q3 continued in the fourth quarter and occupancies finished the year at 86.3%, which is 160 basis points below prior year. On a positive note, operating expense growth was less than 2% in Q4 with labor inflation mitigated by strong cost controls, a theme which played out consistently during 2019. In terms of guidance, 2020 same-store SHOP NOI is projected to decline in the minus 9% to minus 4% range. The simple facts are that our SHOP guidance is a result of two factors. One, the revenue trends that we called out at the end of the third quarter as having an important impact in 2020 because of the lower occupancy start point entering the year. And two, the impact of cumulative supply still being digested in 2020. The fourth quarter 2019, which incorporates the lower ending occupancy levels, is a good jumping off point for 2020. Relative to the fourth quarter 2019 annualized, 2020 SHOP same-store NOI is expected to be flat at the guidance midpoint. We do expect improvement in the full year occupancy gap in 2020 relative to the 160 basis point gap in the fourth quarter 2019 as well as modest 2020 RevPOR growth, driven by healthy in-place rent increases. Wage and insurance inflation and the impact of an extra day due to the leap year are also incorporated. Encouragingly, new supply coming online in our SHOP submarkets is expected to decline nearly 15% in 2020 and new construction starts and preconstruction permits are also trending favorably. That said, we estimate cumulative new units that have come online over the last several years and that are still being absorbed will remain elevated in 2020. Thereafter the positive trends of growing demand and lower inventory under construction should become manifest. Debbie summarized earlier our action plans in senior housing. I will build on a few of those points. First, we continue to increase the frequency and depth of dialogue with our operators. The addition of Justin Hutchens with deep experience and relationships in senior housing operations will accelerate and complement those efforts. Second, we have incorporated the sale of $600 million of non-strategic senior housing assets into our SHOP outlook benefiting the same-store range by an estimated 50 to 100 basis points. And third, we revised our same-store SHOP definitions as announced last week in conjunction with and consistent with Healthpeak. The new definitions are summarized on pages 47 to 49 of our supplemental. These SHOP updates are effective January 1, 2020 and we have presented 2019 results as if these updates to SHOP policies has been in effect during the year. The impact of their adoption is to reduce 2020 same-store growth by 50 to 100 basis points by eliminating the benefit of lease-up of certain redevelopments. Taking together, the impact of the sale of certain SHOP assets and the adoption of the new definitions effectively offset each other. I would also note that over 80% of our SHOP assets are in the same-store pool and as is our normal practice, we provide transparency into both quarterly and full year same-store pools which we think is critical to understanding organic growth in SHOP. Finally, I am pleased to report that the LGM portfolio has been successfully integrated. Our partnership with the LGM team is off to a strong start and the assets are performing well. Let's turn to our triple-net lease portfolio which grew same-store cash NOI by a solid 2.2% for the full year 2019. Our healthcare portfolio of acute and post-acute assets led this growth. Within triple-net, IRF and LTAC coverage remained stable at 1.4 times. Ardent continued to perform exceptionally well throughout 2019 and Ardent rent coverage remained robust at 3.1 times. Trailing 12-month senior housing triple-net rent coverage was flat at 1.1 times but included some DRIP floor and coverage from certain operators including Brookdale. We were pleased to see the solid report from Brookdale on its earnings call yesterday. On a same-store basis for 2020 triple-net overall, we expect same-store cash NOI will grow 1.5% to 2.5% year-over-year driven by in-place lease escalations in healthcare assets. Let's discuss our exciting office reporting segment which represents 27% of Ventas' NOI. For the full year 2019, office same-store cash NOI increased by 2.6% beating the high end of our upwardly revised guidance range of 2% to 2.5%. This outstanding result was fueled by our R&I portfolio which grew 2019 full year same-store cash NOI by 6% with average rent per square foot up 5.5% and occupancy approaching 97%. Strong performance at our university-based developments, affiliated with Duke and the University of Pennsylvania, fueled growth in Q4 and the full year in R&I. The benefit of lease-up of our attractive R&I developments will continue to boost same-store growth in this segment in 2020. Complementing the fast growing R&I business is our highly valuable medical office business. MOB same-store cash NOI for the full year 2019 increased 1.6%, in line with our expectations and above the midpoint of our guidance. The MOB team did a terrific job delivering excellent customer service in 2019 and achieved a very strong 92% tenant retention rate for the quarter and 86% for the full year, a Ventas record. On a combined basis, our office portfolio of life science properties and MOB assets is expected to accelerate growth and same-store cash NOI from 2.6% in 2019 in the range of 3% to 4% for the full year 2020. This guidance is comprised of the midpoint of 1.75% and 9% for MOB and R&I, respectively. Now on to our overall company financial results. In 2019, we delivered normalized FFO of $3.85 per share, at the top end of the initial guidance range of $3.75 to $3.85 that we set out last February. For the full year 2019, same-store property results were also in line with our latest guidance ranges. We have been proactive in refinancing our debt. At the end of 2019, Ventas' average debt duration on senior notes approached eight years, our average cost of debt improved to 3.5% and our debt maturities through 2021 are minimal. Finally as expected, net debt to adjusted EBITDA was six times for the full year 2019. I will finish up with our full year 2020 guidance for the company. The key components of our guidance are as follows. Net income attributable to common stockholders is estimated to range between the $1.61 and $1.74 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO is forecast to range from $3.56 to $3.69 per share. We expect our portfolio same-store cash NOI to range from minus 1.5% to positive 1% and net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA is expected to remain stable for the full year 2020. Following Q3 2019 earnings, we communicated that our implied Q4 2019 guidance midpoint annualized or $3.64 per share would be a "good start point" for our 2020 FFO per share. This calculation was before any new investments or dispositions in 2020. Our 2020 FFO guidance midpoint as published today is $3.63 per share despite absorbing an anticipated $0.08 per share of dilution from $1.3 billion of dispositions used to reduce debt and to invest behind our new R&I developments. And as is our usual practice, we have not included in our guidance any new fees, investments or associated capital markets activities. Our normalized FFO per share bridge from our fourth quarter 2019 annualized to our 2020 guidance midpoint of $3.63 can be found in our press release. To close, the entire Ventas team is fully engaged and committed to execute on our 2020 plan, to improve performance and to position us for the exciting opportunities that lie ahead. With that, I will ask the operator to please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the questions. I know you guys have done a lot of work. So congrats on getting all this done. So I have one question and a follow-up, just focused on guidance. Can you give a little bit more color on how you came out with the ranges for your ideal growth kind of at the midpoint? And then what gets you to either end? And how the flu may be baked into that? And then second question, on the triple-net side, you talked about coverage. I am just wondering, are you baking in any additional cuts or anticipating any cuts to the rent from the triple-net side?
Bob Probst: Sure. I will take those and thanks for the question. Good morning. Let's start with SHOP midpoint of the range and then I will do the high-low. Midpoint of range occupancy, we expect to improve the gap year-over-year relative to the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter was down 160 basis points versus the prior year 2019 to the 2018 and we expect to improve, i.e., narrow that gap over the course of 2020. We expect modest RevPOR growth. We had nice in-place increases in the 2020 first quarter and that's helping. That will be offset in part by re-leasing spreads to get to modest growth in RevPOR. On the expense side, we highlighted some of the issues including labor inflation, insurance inflation and the extra day of leap year and those are all baked into the plan. I would say, on the OpEx growth side, we have not assumed that will continue to hold overall OpEx below 2% which is what we saw in the last few years. And when you add all that up, that gets you to the midpoint of the range that we quoted. On the, I will call it, the good side of the range, the real levers, I would say, are particularly around cost. So their ability to continue to drive the labor inflation down through efficiencies in the operating model, procurement, et cetera would be the upside that really is key to get to the good side of the range. On the other end, it's really about the revenue and pricing and what happens in the marketplace as we continue to absorb the supply that's still out there. So really, a revenue driven equation on the downside and that's really the upside-downside as we portrayed it. On the second question or I should say, the flu. Yes, the flu is incorporated. We don't believe it's a big deal this year. But it is incorporated. Triple-net coverage, a complex equation, for sure. I would say a few things. One, what we told you last year remains true, i.e. lease modification impacts transitions, et cetera and becomes 20 and 20 is the simple phrasing. That is true. That's incorporated in our guidance. We have also incorporated some room for further modification should they be necessary. And so that is in the guidance range for FFO as we look at the overall. So long answer.
Vikram Malhotra: So just to clarify, the SHOP guidance that you have, given you are looking to you, given that ESL may undergo a change, what would the guidance have been excluding ESL?
Bob Probst: The benefit is baked into the range as it's not baked into our guidance. I would say, it approximates 100 basis points.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Joseph from Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Hi. It's Michael Bilerman here with Nick. And Debbie, thanks for working with your peers to standardize same-store. We certainly appreciate that. Two question from me.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Michael Bilerman: Good morning. From the fund that you launched, can you walk us through the process now of allocating acquisitions into the fund versus on the portfolio? It sounds like it's going to both core and core plus. So what's going to be the factors of an asset or portfolio of assets going to the fund versus on balance sheet?
Debra Cafaro: Good. Well, we are excited about this. I have long admired Hamid and his success in this area and I am excited that we can use our infrastructure and platform to give investors a choice of how to invest in these core life science and medical office and senior housing assets. So there are defined criteria, you would imagine, for the fund and over time as the fund grows which we expect and hope that it will, there will be just really a choice of which is the better home for the assets making sure, of course, that we treat all of our stakeholders fairly.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you. And then second question in terms of G&A load. I guess it's really a two-part. One, what's embedded for guidance for 2020 relative to 2019 for G&A, especially as you are bringing new people on but also taking a look 2019, you were at $166 million, call it about 50 basis points of growth asset value. Your Q closes large-cap healthcare REIT peers. You had peak running at $90 million or just over 40 basis points and well at $126 million just over 30 basis points of GAV. May be there are some disclosures in terms of comparability but just directionally, do you feel that there's areas that you can reduce the G&A load and how will Justin's hiring impact things as we look at 2020?
Bob Probst: Thanks. I will take that one. Thanks Michael. So it's always hard to compare on G&A using different measures. Scale, your operating model are two variable that can drive material differences. As we look at our G&A, I would highlight a few things. When you look at year-over-year, for example, in 2019 we saw the lease accounting standards change where we begin to expense leasing commission costs. That is in the run rate, if you like, but a year-over-year impact in 2019 and in the base. As we look at 2020, we would expect effectively to, on G&A, try to stay flat. And thereby, by definition of absorbing headcount costs including Justin. So that's going to mean efficiencies and being sharp as we always are but that's our budget.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I told him he has to make it all back times three or something.
Bob Probst: I am sure he will pay for that. Look out.
Michael Bilerman: All right. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rich Anderson from SMBC. Your line is now open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Rich.
Rich Anderson: How are you? Good addition with Justin.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Rich Anderson: Good guy, of course. Looking forward to seeing him again.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We are too.
Rich Anderson: So on the same store, I guess the question goes for both same store and FFO as the year progresses and same-store meaning SHOP. How do you vision this moving over the course of the year? Do you do you see a trough quarter on either measure? And then when you think about the work that went into identifying your SHOP guidance, is there a timeline where you get back to a more competitive level of growth versus your peers? Is it a year from now? I am sure there is something, some sort of thought about timeline to sort of get this matter all hopefully behind you.
Bob Probst: Yes. Rich, good question. Thanks for asking. Because the profile, as you know, of 2019 was in the second half, we saw the revenue drop. We called it out, obviously, in the third quarter. They carry forward into the fourth. So if you just kind of drew a line to think about 2019, obviously it started high, finished low. And coming into 2020, that's our start point. And so all else equal, we would expect to see a tougher comp in the first half of the year and then normalizing, if you like, as we get into the back half of year. So that's just going to be the normal phasing as we look at it. And as we look at the year-over-year guidance range, that is a fundamental predicate, absolutely for sure.
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Bob Probst: Go ahead.
Rich Anderson: I was just going to say, so is first quarter the trough here, both for same store and FFO, would you say? Is it a trough quarter?
Bob Probst: Yes. You will have some competing forces there. So in terms of FFO phasing, the dispositions, we talked about $1.3 billion of dispositions being used to reinvest behind R&I and debt repayment will be over the course of the year. So that is dilutive because at $0.08 versus the fourth quarter. So you will see that phasing in over the course of the year. So some offsetting forces.
Rich Anderson: All right. But then, this time next year, do you think it will be at a competitive level of growth on the same store SHOP portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Everyone in this room is focused on delivering 2020.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Second question is on the fund assets. You have kind of answered it kind of. But I appreciate you want to kind of hold your cards a little bit. But is there at least a higher percentage of riskier assets are core plus assets there? And would you see more from your existing portfolio? Or is this all you are going to do for now and everything else would be growth?
Debra Cafaro: Well, right now, it's our expectation that everything will be growth and importantly, we believe that it really does augment our aggregate capacity to grow. And so from here on out, we would expect John's team to be sourcing investments and if appropriate they will go in the fund and otherwise we will happily take them on balance sheet. So we are excited about the expansion of overall capacity.
Rich Anderson: I still don't appropriate is though. Can you define what appropriate is for the fund?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean there are defined investment criteria that are identified that would be core life science, stabilized core life science, senior housing and MOBs. And things like our growing research and innovation pipeline, ground-up development with our exclusive partner Wexford, would clearly be, for the Ventas account. So there are pretty clear demarcations but where there may be overlap, again our job is to be fair to all the stakeholders. And so in the aggregate, expand our reach and our acquisition capacity.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Wonderful. I will clear the floor. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Rich.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Just going back to the fund, I think you mentioned $500 million of incremental buying power in the funds. Can you just tell us what the leverage target is? So we just sort of have an understanding of the assets you would be buying in the funds?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's consistent with our enterprise leverage target.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And the $500 million of incremental buying power, that was you referring to actually assets being bought at the fund level?
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's equity and debt availability on top of what we are already seeding the fund with in the initial closing. And then again we would expect assets under management to grow from there.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And in terms of the additional assets, are you more likely to be buying new assets or contributing existing Ventas assets into the funds?
Debra Cafaro: Right. Very clearly, from here on out, we would expect us to augment our total acquisition capacity and it would only be newly acquired assets which if they meet the criteria and are otherwise appropriate would go to the fund. So we are initially seeding it with the $500 million that we talked about and then from there it will be John's team that will be sourcing and closing the investments and if appropriate, that's how the fund would grow from here.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks. Just one last question on the hiring of Justin. Maybe you could talk a little bit more about exactly what you are hoping for him to achieve? And I guess, just looking back on last year, it just felt you had kind of an issue where you were just dealing with some operator issues and in some cases, you just have to kind of live with those operating issues. I mean, going forward, how is Justin going to be working with senior housing operators where, I guess, if you have a little bit more control over ultimately how some of these assets perform? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Good. I am so glad you asked that. And note that we did this right before the trade deadline. So we are excited about it. I mean what we really think that Justin will bring and again, we have this bias to action. We are taking a lot of actions to do what we told you which is to put Ventas back on a winning path and to realize the upside in our portfolio in our senior housing portfolio. So what he is going to do is work very closely with our existing highly capable team. He is going to bring that complementary operating background that he has that will make us better and he has pre-existing relationships with most, if not all, our operating partners, as you know. And so he can work with them and our team on operating strategies and capital plans with the overall objective, of course, to improve operating results. He will also, as we mentioned in the press release, serve on the ESL Board of Directors.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thank you Debbie.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jeff Spector: Good morning. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Spector: Good morning. I would like to focus a little bit more on hiring Justin. Congratulations.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Jeff Spector: Could you share with us, I guess, some of the feedback criteria that he provided to you in taking this role? Again some of the criteria he requested?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean one of the great things is that Justin coming here really is attracted to Ventas' team, our strong track record, our commitment to our stakeholder and the upside in our business, broadly speaking in our senior housing portfolio in particular. And he is obviously well versed in the U.S. senior housing market. He helped build the business during a dynamic time in the senior housing market and I think he is confident that he can have a very positive impact on the company and on our portfolio once he joins.
Jeff Spector: So has he already influenced the $600 million of dispositions, the non-core dispositions? Is that, you know, the bulk right off the bat? Or he still needs to come through the portfolio and figure out how much more needs to be sold from there because I am trying to tie just that? And then you still did comment in your press release that you are expecting a positive turn in senior housing and I am not sure when you feel that's coming?
Debra Cafaro: Good. So we have been working on these action plans, obviously, on our own and as well as all the other actions that we outlined today. We have been full speed ahead on them. And Justin will start to make his contributions really when he comes here in April and we are really looking forward to that. And as I said in my remarks, the tailwinds of demographic demand in senior housing are compelling and the fact there will be an upturn in senior housing driven by those demographic tailwinds is both undeniable and inevitable. And so we are focused on 2020. We want to continue to take actions as we have today to position us to capture that upside and that's what we are all focused on.
Jeff Spector: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: And Justin will be focused with us as soon as he gets here. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
John Kim: Thank you. Just taking a step back looking at your guidance, it implies over a two year period an 11% decline in FFO and that's totaling $99 million at the midpoint, but at the same time, same-store NOI is flat. You have made $4 billion of investment. Can you just remind us what the disconnect is between those three items? I know you have a $10 million rent cut last year, but are there more rent cuts contemplated this year, just given where your triple-net coverage is?
Bob Probst: Right. So the key variable in here you mentioned, there is dispositions and loan repayment activity, i.e. sales over the last several years, again reinvested in either debt reduction or future growth through R&I which have been dilutive to FFO. That together with the senior housing market driven performances, effectively those are the two key things that answer that question.
John Kim: What about any further rent cuts or re-lease like you had last year?
Bob Probst: Right. So again, we in our guidance have incorporated the impact of that which happened last year. So we talked about the $10 million becoming $20 million in terms of activity in the triple-net operator portfolio. That's in. And then we provided for some additional activity, if it's necessary. So we have contemplated having to deal some others. So that's in the guidance.
John Kim: Okay. And then my second question is on your fund. Can you just discuss how much you are going to earn in fees this year? Is it just your typical asset management fees or if there's any origination or acquisition fees that would be included in your normal FFO?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It' just a market structure and I am surrounded by a phalanx of counsel, who is encouraging me to restrain my comments. So I will. But it's just a market structure.
John Kim: So any one time fees would be basically to promote? Or would there be anything else in there?
Debra Cafaro: Again, principally, again, if there's asset management fees, as you would expect and other as the documents provide.
John Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Steve.
Steve Sakwa: Hi. I just want to go back, Debbie, to a comment you made early about the CapEx spend and your investing into the senior housing to help shore up the portfolio. But I don't know that you actually provided a dollar figure for that. So is there any color you can provide on that and how that relates to overall maintenance CapEx spending in 2020?
Bob Probst: I will do overall for the company that's in the guidance. I will let Chris talk a little bit more specifically about senior housing. But the guidance range for 2020, this is FAD CapEx, Steve, is $180 million at the midpoint. Round numbers, we were $156 million in 2019. And the vast majority of that increase is a function of senior housing and again, very much a result of this targeted and accelerated spending in senior housing. So I will turn it to Chris to give a little more meat on that bone.
Chris Cummings: Yes. Great. Again, Chris Cummings, senior housing asset management. As you look at senior housing spend on a per unit basis, in 2019 we spent on a total basis around $2,500 per unit, closer to $3,300 per unit in 2020 is our expectation. We are spending in terms of customer facing capital, about 65% more dollars in 2020 than we did in 2019 and where we are spending those dollars is primarily in those markets which we view as future attractive from a supply demand perspective where we can get good outcomes from that spend.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. And Debbie, just going back to the R&I business, just in general, you know what are you seeing with Wexford in terms of the deploying new capital and how would you expect starts to trend in 2020 and maybe into 2021?
Debra Cafaro: We continue to have a robust pipeline. I mean Wexford has a terrific position in the marketplace with these leading research universities. And we have a team dedicated at Ventas to work with them.
Steve Sakwa: Can you just share anymore around just types of deals or the size of the pipeline or expectations on starts?
Debra Cafaro: I would refer that to colleague, John Cobb.
John Cobb: Yes. I mean last year, we announced $1.5 billion pipeline. Today, we have done almost about $1 billion of that. So we are still working on another $0.5 billion that we think will start hopefully in the first half of this year and then we are confidently looking at new deals. They generally range between $100 million to 250 million a piece. So they are sizeable. But we have an active pipeline and we have a great market competitive position.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify on the hiring of Justin, his real marching orders here. I know you talked about sort of increasing the dialogue with operators and obviously he is on the ESL Board. But will be also be taking an overall inventory and assessment of the existing seniors housing triple-net and SHOP portfolios and assessing whether or not you have the right portfolio of assets going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Well, working with Chris Cummings and our existing team, we want to partner with Justin as a team to improve performance and obviously a part of that is looking at the portfolio with fresh eyes. We believe we have a portfolio that will perform in the long term. Look at capital plans, obviously look at pricing strategy. So it's all part of the overall leadership of our senior housing business.
Jordan Sadler: So it sounds like, I guess, what we are all probably trying to get at here is, what Justin's mandate is and sort of what's been relayed to him in terms of what he will be able to do in terms of needing to address whatever may be going on within the portfolio? And so you know what's the latitude in terms of capital recycling? It sounds like you are saying there will be some latitude.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, these are enterprise decisions. We will all work together to optimize both portfolio and enterprise. And he will be really leading that effort with Chris and his team. And we look forward to the results of that improving Ventas performance and position and realizing the upside that we know is in the portfolio.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And will he remain in his current Board seat at New Senior? Has that been discussed at all?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, that's something that I would refer you to New Senior for.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And lastly, Bob, just a clarification, if you could, on the leverage. You said it would be stable throughout the year, I think at six times, I assume, that was at year-end. Could you just clarify that? But how does that sort of fit what with the $1.3 billion of recycling and the $700 billion of debt repayment?
Bob Probst: Right. So simple source of uses here, Jordan, is we have got the $1.3 billion of sources coming in from the dispose. The uses of those are twofold, roughly $600 million of that is going to be redevelopment spend principally behind the R&I pipeline and development and $700 million is going to be debt repayment. And we run that all through the grinder that's flat on a leverage basis versus 2019.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. I think I get it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Daniel Bernstein from Capital One. Your line is now open.
Daniel Bernstein: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. So I would like to, obviously hindsight is 2020, but what lessons can you learn from the last couple of years in terms of the portfolio that you can bring forward as to, do you need more robust asset management, more CapEx early, more asset recycling early? Maybe that's really to Justin coming onboard as well? But what lessons can you learn from the performance in the last two years that you can bring forward and change how you operate?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think clearly, the actions that we are taking speak to those points. I think that bringing Justin being one of them in terms of expanding and complementing our strength with significant operating experience and perspective. I would say that really understanding the longer transition period in the ESL portfolio and communicating that more to you and generally obviously having consistent SHOP policies and so on, so that investors can really understand organic performance across companies which I think we have now tried to offer between us and Healthpeak which I think is a step forward. So obviously lots of lessons learned. I think over a 20-year time period we have really focused on delivering and on excellent performance. And I think we have had a short period here where we have not met our own expectations. But we are doing everything within our power to get back on the winning path and I am confident that the actions we are taking will do so.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And maybe this is related, but what gives you confidence that the SHOP portfolio is going to perform better or even better than the industry besides a rising tide raises all boats with the industry? I mean you obviously have underperformed within the SHOP. What gives you confidence that it can perform better in the future? Is it the location of the assets, the management at Sunrise, Atria, et cetera? Just trying to understand what can change within the portfolio versus where we are. And maybe that's just --
Debra Cafaro: Well, first of all, again, look, yes, so we understand. So there are two things, as Bob described that affect our 2020 guidance. It was the end of the third quarter which mathematically lowers our start point going into 2020. So obviously when that happens, that has an affect on 2020. And then the cumulative absorption of the supply in our submarkets. And we know that that second aspect is improving and the NOI will inevitably follow. Plus, again, working with the operators on capital plans that are targeted and accelerated as well as bringing on more operating focused experience to work on pricing and so on. So those are all the actions that we are taking that we believe will drive improved performance.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And I know it's more than two questions here, but one last one. Just want to understand, was the $10 million of triple-net lease restructuring, was that already in 4Q? Or that's rolling into 2020? I just wasn't clear on that.
Bob Probst: Correct.
Debra Cafaro: You got it.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. Rolling into 2020. Okay.
Bob Probst: Yes.
Daniel Bernstein: All right. That's all I had. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: All right, Dan. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette: Well, thanks. Good morning Debbie and Bob.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Steven Valiquette: So at the REITworld conference back in November, you guys gave a little more color on some of the specific secondary markets that were problematic back in 3Q 2019 with some of those ones in Texas, Utah, New York, California, et cetera. I don't know how much you want to get into that on this call. I guess I am just curious if there is any update on those markets you were pointing out as may be being expected to improve in 2020 from that prior list versus which ones may still be, let's say, difficult throughout the whole year? Thanks.
Bob Probst: Sure. I will take that one. And obviously, I would say, the themes are very consistent with what we talked about last in that regard, namely the secondary markets, particularly in the fourth as in the third, continue see on a proportional basis more revenue challenge. And again, that's where we saw supply come earlier and the need to digest those units come first. So as we look into 2020, that said, second, some of the secondary markets have begun to see that turn. And as Chris was describing where, for example, we are focusing some of the capital, those would a good opportunities to spend targeted capital there. On the other hand, primary markets, so these are broad brush, you have to get of course get into specifics, but primary market is where supply came later and the digestion will come later, put it that way. And so we will expect in 2020 to see some of those primary markets having to deal with that supply. But at the end of the day, it's just timing because the trends are inexorable. We see the demand growth. We see the penetration growth. The starts trend, which has been favorable now for several years, those come together and manifest themselves in the upside that we keep talking about. And it's just a matter getting from here to there.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Jonathon.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi Debbie. I was hoping you could clarify the augmented external growth strategy and relationship with the core and core plus fund? You mentioned only stabilized yields will go into that vehicle. Does that mean only value-added development opportunities will be targeted by Ventas and the historical external growth trajectory that was outlined last June is maybe also augmented down from $2 billion to maybe half that?
Debra Cafaro: Not at all. So let me try to take it again. So the fund helps us grow our platform to provide augmented investment capabilities and capacity. And so basically, we have seeded the fund and then anything that grows the fund's assets under management will be new investments, typically at 40 cap rates and the fund will provide another arrow in our quiver in terms of access to capital and will enable us to acquire things that, in some cases, would be inefficient for us to acquire on balance sheet. And as I said before, we have an unlimited capacity to invest on balance sheet and then eventually in the fund as it continues to grow. And if you look at Prologis, for example, as an example, then you would see that it helped overall enterprise grow and that's what we are aiming for. And in addition, as we mentioned in the release, we will be the 20% GP of the fund, so we will maintain a significant interest in those assets as well. So it's an overall win for everyone, the new stakeholders in the fund as well as Ventas shareholders.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. So the growth trajectory at Ventas as a whole is the same, more on the outside vehicle. And John's team, it sounds like they have been pretty --
Debra Cafaro: The same or better is the theory, yes, enhanced.
Jonathan Hughes: And John's team, it sounds like they will get very busy. Okay. All right. And then one more on the ESL. I know you are looking for a JV partner and demand for senior housing is strong, but this same portfolio ultimately didn't find a partner when I recall it was being marketed back in late 2017. Why sell it now or JV it now after NOI has taken such a drastic turn for the worst. It just feels like we are selling at a trough. Why not just keep it as a whole and lap it and in 18 months, we lap these comps and you get the benefit?
Debra Cafaro: Great question, because we do see upside there over time. And so first of all, historically speaking, we chose not to pursue a partnership at that time and so I think that's important for you to understand. And then secondly, we have taken these initial steps to do a joint venture. There is institutional interest in generally partnering with Ventas and in senior housing in particular. And we believe that continuing to recycle capital and attract capital and gain more partnerships with investors is a positive development for Ventas. And this could enable us to do that.
Jonathan Hughes: Why did you not JV it two years ago?
Debra Cafaro: We made a decision at that time that it was not in the best interest of the company to do so.
Jonathan Hughes: And you stick by that today as NOI has gone down pretty precipitously?
Debra Cafaro: We do and we will be happy to talk to you about more color offline, but yes, we do.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. All right. Fair enough. I will follow up offline. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Look forward to it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Mike.
Michael Mueller: Hi. Just a quick question on SHOP occupancy. The 160 basis point gap at year-end. Bob, I know you talked about that closing some. But we can talk about like a magnitude of how much of that closing would you say is really good progress versus kind of a base case scenario? Did I ask right?
Bob Probst: Thank you for asking. Yes, I appreciate that. And the goal is to narrow.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So in the right direction.
Bob Probst: That's a lower number than 160. Obviously, there is a related question which is pricing. So both of those need to be answered together. We need to be smart on both occupancy and price. Revenue, when all is said and done, growing revenue is a job to be done. And so that's really positive.
Michael Mueller: Okay. And a real quick on one ESL, the JV. Should we read into that that you think the progress, that your process that turned that around is going to take longer, so you just want less of it today? Is that the right way to think of it?
John Cobb: So this is John. I wouldn't read into it that way.
Michael Mueller: Okay.
John Cobb: We are going to stay in.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chad Vanacore of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Tao Qiu: Hi. This is Tao Qiu, for Chad. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Tao.
Tao Qiu: Hi. My first question is dividend coverage. So FAD this quarter was $78 million versus $79 million dividend. And 2020 guidance implies some declining FFO. So how do you feel about your dividend at this point, also in light of the higher CapEx you are expecting in senior housing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you for the question. So obviously the dividend is an important component of our total return and we feel good about where the dividend is because we feel good about investing in our portfolio this year, which has increased FAD this year so that we can realize the benefits of the upside in our portfolio. So as we look forward, we do see the benefits of senior housing turning up. We also see the benefits of the R&I development pipeline that we have been heavily investing in with those assets starting to come online and contributing to cash flow and EBITDA as they open in later 2021 and into 2022 and they will make a significant contribution at that time. So the combination of and then the steady growth of the office and healthcare portfolios all combined make us feel comfortable.
Tao Qiu: Okay. And a follow-up on the RevPOR numbers. Can you talk about what kind of rate increases you are seeing, now that you have the month of January under the belt? And how does it compare to prior years, given the low occupancy level you are seeing? Are you interested in more discounting to drive that revenue?
Bob Probst: Yes. Thanks. So there is two pieces of price. I will touch on both. One is the in-place resident increase that happens this time of year and that's been healthy, I would say, consistent with last year. That's encouraging and an important part of the revenue. And then to your second question which is, I would think in terms of the re-leasing spread when resident leaves what are we seeing on pricing? There remains a competitive market. There is no question about it. Therefore our guidance for the year of modest RevPOR growth incorporates both those thoughts. But so far, I would say, the start to the year has been in line with our expectation.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Tao Qiu: All right. Thank you.
Bob Probst: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi. Yes. Good morning everyone.
Bob Probst: Hi Tayo.
Debra Cafaro: Welcome back, Tayo.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thank you. I appreciate it. So again, congrats on the Justin Hutchens' exit from the U.K. I think again, you are generally hearing positive commentary on him.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Omotayo Okusanya: But again, the core question, I think a lot of us trying to get on to the call is, fundamentally what's really changing here in regards to how you are going to operate the SHOP platform going forward? I think again, the asset sales are helpful. But again, your SHOP portfolio is $12.6 billion and I think you are only selling $600 million. Yes, the ESL JV is helpful to reduce exposure. But what really is fundamentally changing here to give us more confident that the SHOP portfolio will perform better going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We have been trying to get at and respond to your questions. Fundamentally, if we have a 2020 and realize the benefits of Justin's contributions and we see cumulative supply declining in our submarkets as we expect and we continue to take these other actions that we have described which includes targeted capital plans, simplified pricing and so on, the combination of those things makes us confident that the portfolio will perform and we will realize the upside in the portfolio. And we have to demonstrate that over time. And that's what we are committed to doing.
Omotayo Okusanya: Is anything changing in regards to just data analysis, lease structures, the type of relationships you are trying to form with operators, I guess that's kind of part of what I am kind of looking for about? What structurally is changing? Granted, ultimately, again fundamentals will be better for the sector. But again, that's kind of a rising tide lifts all boats. I am trying to think Ventas specific, what really changes here?
Bob Probst: Well, I would add the two things. One, there is significant incremental dedicated horse power is this portfolio. Obviously critically important to us. Dedicated focused and with an individual who has an incredibly unique set of skills with background as a REIT, with deep expertise within the operations to be able to come in, complement and accelerate that which we are already doing, but really can bring that extra bandwidth. I would call it the multiplier effect that he is going to bring operationally and strategically for the portfolio. And so we are excited about that. And the portfolio itself and the operators themselves, again, as we painted to you before, we think we are in good markets with good operators. So it's really then how do you optimize within that.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got you. All right. That's helpful. Then my second question, your cost of capital is actually pretty attractive at this point. And so when we kind of think about the acquisition outlook going forward, any kind of thoughts around again, clearly you are trying to do more development in life sciences, but from an actual acquisition perspective, how do you kind of think about the very attractive cap rates in skilled nursing, for example on the hospital side versus doing more on the MOB side or senior housing side?
Debra Cafaro: So good. Yes. I mean I think that your point is well taken. We have talked about our investment framework that we have used over the years and that we are augmenting today with the launch of the fund and enhancing. And basically, as you know, we have created a history of accretive acquisitions through basically really high-quality, relatively lower cap rate assets, such as 1030 Mass life science building. We have our kind of right down the middle investments, such as our successful LGM investment last year, which is performing well in both the stable assets as well as the lease-up assets. So generating kind of between a 5% and 6% unlevered return. And then we have a smaller category of higher yielding that could include development. It could include healthcare, government-reimbursed assets and so on where we allocate a certain amount of capital and the overall combination of those investment activities is what has driven the accretion from investments historically. And we would continue to stick with that framework.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Tayo.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Connor Siversky from Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Connor Siversky: Good morning everybody and thank you very much for having me on.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Connor.
Connor Siversky: So just related to these disposition expectations for 2020, about $600 million. I mean do we have any kind of pricing expectations on these assets? And then is there any rhyme or reason as to the markets you have identified for these dispositions?
Debra Cafaro: Sure. It's $1.3 billion, inclusive of the contributions which are effectively sales to the fund. And I believe, in the aggregate, it's a sub-5% cap rate.
Connor Siversky: Okay. That helps. And then I mean there's a note that these funds are expected to be recycled into the R&I pipeline. I mean how quickly or any kind of color on how quickly you can move those funds into maybe new development projects or acquisitions?
Bob Probst: So yes, just to clarify, the $600 million of dispositions are turning around and going to be invested in $600 million of development or redevelopment this year. That's on existing projects. John mentioned that we announced $900 million-plus of new projects last year. And so it's really investing behind those, first and foremost.
Debra Cafaro: So exactly what you said.
Bob Probst: Yes.
Connor Siversky: Yes. Okay. All right. Well, that helps. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thank you. I was hoping you could provide some color on the triple-net leases that have under one times EBITDARM coverage. I am assuming that's largely Holiday and Brookdale. Are you comfortable holding those leases today? Or should we expect some type of restructuring over the next few years or even sooner?
Debra Cafaro: Michael, thanks for being patient and thanks for your question. As Bob pointed out and we have talked about before, we were very happy to see the improved report from Brookdale yesterday. I am really excited and happy for Cindy and the management team. They have done a ton of heavy lifting to get to this point where they are really starting to see some traction and some positive trends. So we feel really happy for them and good for us as well. In terms of Holiday, again, we continue to have fixed charge coverage that makes rent reliable. And that all having been said, Bob mentioned that our range does include in the triple-net side, the possibility that we would decide, if appropriate, to take action on different tenants in our triple-net portfolio and that's all baked within the guidance.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then I guess just in general, I guess not specifically related to those two tenants, but how do you ensure that operators that have this tight lease coverage ratios are committed to positioning those communities to compete in the current marketplace and even position themselves to benefit from the demographic tailwinds, just overall?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean good question and an important one. And often you do see some lesser spend on a triple-net lease in some of those circumstances. So what I would say is the leases generally provide for some required CapEx spend and/or investment. We often will work with the triple-net operators to provide additional capital at a return to continue to invest in the assets. And then lastly, ultimately as the owner of these assets, we can also just make investments in them as we deem appropriate, either on transition or otherwise, to keep them competitive in their markets.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then with Holiday and Brookdale, have you pursued, I guess, any specific asset sales? Or is that included in guidance? And I know with Brookdale, you originally had a handful of assets set aside to potentially sell. I mean did you officially take those off the market? Or what's the plan with those potential sales?
Debra Cafaro: Good memory. In fact, when we did our positive deal with Brookdale, it seems like a lifetime ago, but we sort of anticipated, first of all, that their operating performance would improve through the efforts that Cindy and the team are making. So again, we are happy to see that. We did work with them to identify some assets that we both thought would be better outside the portfolio in other operators' hands. We have sold some of those and some of those are included in our 2020 disposition guidance. So good memory and we are doing that.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. Thanks Debbie.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. So again, thanks for your patience Michael and I think you are our last questioner for today.
Operator: Confirm.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So I really appreciate and we all at Ventas sincerely appreciate your participation in today's call, your interest in the company and your support of the company. You continue to have our commitment to do everything we can do to benefit our stakeholders, our company and our employees and our partners. So thank you. We look forward to seeing you in Florida in March.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Juan Sanabrial, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks, Norma. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2019. As we start, let me express that our projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies. And stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaimed any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements reflecting the changes and expectations. Additional information about factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the company's other SEC filings. Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure reference on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well the company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Juan and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the third quarter 2019 earnings call. I'm joined on today's call by my valued Ventas on today's call by my valued Ventas’ colleagues as we discuss our strong enterprise results in the quarter and other recent highlights including the closing of our Le Groupe Maurice partnership, accelerating investment into our future growth, primarily in our Research & Innovation business and our environmental social and governance leadership that is highlighted in our 2019 corporate sustainability report released today. I'll also address the lower than expected third quarter performance of our senior housing operating portfolio and its forward implications for us in the context, a very positive leading indicators in the business. It is very heartening to see that construction starts of New Senior Living communities this quarter especially in assisted living where the lowest they've been in nine years, and that demand for Senior Living is growing at its highest level on record. Starting with our third quarter results, I'm very pleased to report a strong quarter of normalized FFO $0.96 per share. Our performance was driven by accretive investments, excellent capital markets activity and growth in our office and triple-net lease business. We've also refined our full-year normalized FFO per share guidance range to $3.81 to $3.85 per share, maintaining our midpoint at $3.83 per share. This expected outcome for 2019 is also consistent with the upper half of the normalized FFO guidance range we initiated in the first quarter of this year. Ventas is benefiting significantly from our diversified portfolio and our effective investment in capital markets activity. Indeed in the quarter, the 70% of our same-store portfolio represented by our office triple net lease and Canadian senior housing portfolios grew cash NOI by nearly 3%. However, in our US SHOP business, which represents 25% of our enterprise, we experienced dynamic operating conditions in the quarter and occupancy took a precipitous leg down at the end of September. Thus, as Bob will address in more detail, we expect our 2019 shop performance to fall below our original guidance range, mostly because our portfolio did not experience the strong seasonal lift in occupancy that is typical and rate softness continued during the quarter. These trends are continuing into the fourth quarter leading to a reduction in our full year SHOP 2019 guidance. Because we will end 2019 and enter 2020 off a lower base, we've also concluded that our enterprise growth will be deferred until after 2020. While we are very disappointed in this deferral of our growth expectations, the team is resolute and focused on closing out the year by delivering this solid 2019 enterprise results we've outlined today. Additionally, we intend to make necessary adjustments and decisions that will improve performance and position us to capture the powerful upside that remains ahead in senior housing. At the same time, we will continue to invest in our future, be good partners, stay productive, and focus on delivering value for our shareholders from the strong, diversified business we have built. We expect to provide you with 2020 guidance and the components thereof in the first quarter consistent with our historic practice. Among other things, our guidance and senior housing will be predicated on our review of operator budget, how the year ends and the impact of January 1 rate increases. Before Bob addresses senior housing in greater detail, I'd like to highlight accretive and attractive investment activities and our ESG achievement. Within the $3.8 billion of consolidated investments we've made year-to-date, we were delighted to close on our new partnership with Montreal-based Le Groupe Maurice in the third quarter, with its price portfolio of 29 new high quality apartment-like senior housing communities and five in-progress development valued at $1.8 billion. The LGM transaction and integration have gone exceedingly well and performance is in line with our expectations. To our new partners north of the border, we thank you for choosing Ventas as your partner. And we congratulate you on your success in maintaining your company and well-regarded brand and positioning LGM for continued sustainable growth. We've also made great progress on our $1.5 billion university-based research and innovation development pipeline, as we continue to build this exciting business with our best-in-class development partner, Wexford. Among our key accomplishments in the quarter where execution of a 30-year lease with Drexel University for its new School of Nursing and Health Professions with an expected yield of nearly 10%, and the expansion of our footprint in the burgeoning used city market where our assets are currently 98% occupied. The acquired assets increased our developable square footage in the uCity submarket of Philadelphia to 4 million square feet, net of our One uCity and Drexel development. The Ventas team is also aiming to close and commence several more R&I projects in the pipeline over the next several quarters. In some, we are pleased with our year-to-date investment quality and volume, as we continue to improve our portfolio and invest in our future. Finally, we've significantly elevated our environmental social and governance profile. Our longstanding ESG efforts are organized around three key pillars of people, planet, and performance, and we are pleased that our ESG leadership has been repeatedly recognized by several prestigious organizations. Today, we released our 2019 corporate sustainability report that catalogs our ESG achievements and aspirations. We will continue our focused improvements in ESG areas that also support our business success. In closing, over the past two decades, Ventas has experienced incredible business success and outperformance punctuated by periodic setbacks. Yet, with integrity, positivity, skill, focus and teamwork, we've always been able to rally back stronger than ever and today is no exception. With that I'm pleased to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thanks, Debbie. I'm going to start by diving straight into our third quarter results for our SHOP segment which represents 33% of our NOI. SHOP same-store cash NOI in Q3 decreased 5% versus prior year, a disappointing result that fell short of our expectations. This result was led by revenue weakness from the cumulative effect of new openings and a dynamic relative market. I'd highlight three primary drivers versus our expectations. First, though Q3 average occupancy grew sequentially to 86.7%, we did not see the expected typical seasonal occupancy lift. Therefore, the occupancy gap versus prior year widened from the second and third quarter by 30 basis points to an average 70 basis point occupancy gap. In third quarter, the year-over-year occupancy gap widened sharply in September with September period end occupancy approximately 115 basis points lower than prior year. Second, price competition driven by new supply was significant in pursuit of new residents in select geographies, most notably in secondary markets. Negative releasing spreads and our portfolio widened in Q3 instead of our expectation that they would tighten relative to prior year. As a result, REVPOR growth reduced sequentially from 60 basis points in the second quarter to 40 basis points in the third quarter year-over-year. And third, ESL experienced discrete pricing challenges, exacerbated by new supply. Corrective action plans are in progress. I would note that excluding ESL, our Q3 SHOP same-store NOI performance will improve by over 100 basis points. In light of Q3 revenue trends and a lower occupancy start point entering the fourth quarter, our operators plans call for aggressive pricing actions in pursuit of occupancy as we close out the year and set the base for 2020. We're also evaluating actions at the Ventas level to improve SHOP performance, including selective dispositions and or capital investments. Turning to expenses and on a positive note operating expenses grew a modest 1.8% in the third quarter. Our operators continue to mitigate wage pressures by adroitly managing staffing and driving efficiencies in indirect costs. I'd also highlight our Canadian portfolio, which increased occupancy 40 basis points to 94.2% and grew NOI at a robust 4.7%. This performance underscores the health of the Canadian senior housing market, which now represents nearly 25% of the SHOP portfolio NOI posts our closing of LGM. Given third quarter results, we are revising our SHOP full year 2019 same store cash NOI guidance to now range from minus 4% to minus 5%. The guidance range implies a challenging fourth quarter given Q3 tech trends, a dynamic and competitive market, and lower occupancy levels entering the fourth quarter. We do see upside in senior housing in the US given record levels of demand in Q3, a continued positive trend in new starts, and attractive demographics. Let's move on to our exciting office segment, which is approaching 30% of our NOI and currently represents over 26 million square feet. Our overall office segment delivered attractive same store cash NOI growth of 3.7% in the third quarter. And with year-to-date office growth of 2.9%, we're pleased to improve our full year office same store guidance. More on that in a minute. Our R&I business which now exceeds 6 million square feet, led the way for office in the third quarter, increasing same store cash NOI by a stellar 10.6%. Occupancy increased 290 basis points on strong lease up at our Wake Forest assets while revenue per occupied square foot increased 7.6%. Our 4220 Duncan development in the Cortex innovation community associated with Washington in St. Louis is now at 100% occupancy after only 16 months of operation, bringing Ventas' five in place Cortex buildings to 99% occupancy overall with a pipeline of incremental demand. R&I also benefited by a lease termination fee in Q3 and its non-same store portfolio of $4.7 million of NOI were slightly more than a penny of FFO. Turning to our 20 million square-foot medical office business. MOB same-store NOI increased by a steady 1.6% in the third quarter. Operating expenses increased by just 20 basis points year-over-year in Q3, benefiting in part from utility savings arising from sustainability investments. We've seen a meaningful improvement in our MOB tenant satisfaction scores while our trailing 12-month MOB tenant retention ratio improved to the company's highest on record. These office results are proof points of the various operational best practice initiatives Ventas is successfully implementing under Pete Bulgarelli's leadership that will drive sustainable growing cash flows. On the heels of strong year-to-date results, we are pleased to raise our full year 2019 office same-store NOI guidance which now range from 2% to 2.5% driven principally by better-than-expected strength in R&I. On to triple net where same-store cash NOI increased by 2.1% for the third quarter driven by annual rent escalators across our diversified portfolio. Trailing 12-month EBITDAR and cash flow coverage for our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2019, the latest available information was stable at 1.5 times. Coverage in our triple net seniors housing, post-acute and health system assets also held firm with prior quarter. I would highlight the continued strong performance by Ardent for the Ventas owned assets and for the enterprise overall. We are still on track for the approximately $10 million net NOI impact from proactively addressing leases with select lower credit triple net senior housing operators. This impact appears in non-same store results. As a result of year-to-date growth of 2.3% from the triple net full year same-store pool, we're raising our full year 2019 same-store cash NOI triple net guidance to now range from 2% to 2.5%. Turning back to Enterprise results. Normalized FFO per share in the third quarter was a solid $0.96. The FFO performance versus 2018 was flat year-over-year, adjusted for the $0.03 per share cash fee received in the third quarter of 2018 related to the Kindred-Go Private transaction. We were active in the debt capital markets in the third quarter. We extended our average debt maturity to nearly seven years and managed interest rate risk via issuance of $650 million of 3% senior notes to 2030 which were used to retire $600 million of 4.25% notes due 2022. To manage currency risk from the close of the LGM transaction, we also closed the CAD 500 million unsecured bank term loan at attractive pricing. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is 5.9 times at quarter-end. As expected, leverage increased sequentially from the second quarter leverage increased sequentially from the second quarter as we raised equity in Q2 to fund the LGM deal which closed in Q3. I'll finish the prepared remarks with guidance. At this late stage in the year, we're narrowing our normalized FFO per share outlook for the full-year 2019 to now range from $3.81 to $3.85. The guidance midpoint of $3.83 is in line with our guidance range from the second quarter call. And at the higher end of our initial guidance range provided in February of $3.75 to $3.85 per share. We’ve also narrowed our overall portfolio same-store cash NOI growth guidance for 2019, to now range from 0% to up 30 basis points, taking into account an increased guidance range on our triple-net and office portfolios and the reduction in SHOP. Other assumptions underpinning our FFO guidance are largely the same as last quarter. Guidance includes the impacts of announced investments in capital markets activity to date. To close the whole Ventas team is resolute in taking actions that will improve performance and deliver growth and value for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll hand it to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Yulico of Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning. I guess the first question is you had the commentary, Debbie, the press release about, you’re thinking now your return to enterprise growth will occur after 2020. Are we to read into it that, that you're not expecting FFO growth next year?
Debra Cafaro: Directionally, yes.
Nick Yulico: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: We think that this growth will defer past 2020.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then, I guess, as we think about this year where you had an Investor Day where you're pretty positive. You now had a tough quarter for seniors housing. Can you just remind us how often are you getting updates from your senior housing operators on the performance of your assets? And then specifically, besides what you cited about potential sales of assets. What other steps you’re taking to address the issue that you're facing right now is senior housing? Is it an operator issue? Is there something better that you can do in terms of predicting that business? That would be helpful.
Bob Probst: Sure, Nick, it's Bob. Let me start with the cadence of conversations with the operator, which I would describe as very regular. Our asset management teams are in – I don’t recall a constant contact with our operators. What absolutely is the fact is – the market changed pretty rapidly in the third quarter. And even the boots on the ground as I described the operators were surprised by the nature of the change. And particularly, the occupancy trend in September, which we highlighted in the prepared remarks. And so it's really that dislocation as we then review the outlook – the entry into Q4, the outlook for the year that changed and those circumstances changes pretty rapidly. So what are we doing about it, the second part of the question. Certainly at an operational level, all of the operators are actively engaged in, I'd call them, asset-by-asset recovery plans, very much focused on revenue. And we continue to engage with them on that. At a portfolio level, clearly, there are different options we have, including selective dispositions of potential underperformers as we look forward and see the profile in various submarkets. Capital investments, clearly, as we think about ways to continue to compete and be competitive in select markets. And continue to invest behind opportunities that drive growth. So it's the same playbook as you would expect and I see the frequency of dialogue is very, very regular.
Nick Yulico: I guess just in itself and I guess just one follow up there. I mean you talked about, Bob, that negative leasing spreads widened in the quarter instead of tightening which you were forecasting a tightening. What gave you confidence to forecast a tightening, was that something you are seeing? Is it something your operators were telling you and how did you end up seeing that negative surprise in the quarter?
Bob Probst: Great. So if you back up to our guidance earlier in the year and then reaffirms last quarter, in the last half of last year, the second half of last year 2018, we did see aggressive price discounting and we saw the releasing spreads widen in the second half as a consequence. And we saw occupancy sequentially grow nearly 80 basis points in the third quarter last year. So that was the backdrop. In that context, all of our operators consistently believe the ability to price, I'd say, more surgically in this second half, and therefore, not have a significant discounting environment and have an improved narrowed releasing spread. That was the predicate of the prior guidance. What indeed has happened is and it's really, I call it the cumulative effect of the openings that have been coming online over the course of time has driven that to be more price competitive, more widespread in the discounting. And therefore, as you see in our rate, sequentially, a softening in REVPOR as opposed to growth in a year-over-year wider releasing spreads rather than narrower. So, fundamentally, in the third quarter, that was a change both in the market and versus our expectation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Nick. Good morning. So, as sort of piecing some things together backing away from the growth for next year, how much of that is the weaker 3Q and 4Q results playing into the run rate versus the expectation that same-store NOI for SHOP appears that the rest part of your businesses, which is almost two-thirds of the company, are doing fine and are actually probably in line to ahead of where your expectations are. So, how much of this shift is due to the run rate versus the expectation that SHOP is going to be negative again in 2020 off of a down, call it 5% this year?
Bob Probst: Yeah. I mean – Michael, thanks for your question. I'm not sure I totally understand it, but in terms of…
Michael Bilerman: Well, I guess, I mean, just from the standpoint of the Street right now as a $3.93, you're going to do $3.83 for earnings this year, right? So, the Street was expecting up $0.10, which is probably somewhere realm of where you thought you were going to get growth in FFO. Now, you're saying you're not going to have FFO growth and, well, there's two parts of it, right? It's getting slower into the year because you've had very weak SHOP results. So, the run rate is lower. That accounts for, I don't know, I don't know if that's $0.05 or $0.10. And in addition, I don't know how much cadence you have for 2020 SHOP. And I know you're not giving 2020 guidance. But I don't know how much of your perspectives have changed in making the statement that you're going to defer to earnings growth, right. So, arguably the number for next year is going to be below 383. And I'm just trying to piece together how much of that is the weakness that you have in the second half of this year what you experienced in the third quarter and what you're forecasting in the fourth quarter. And how much of it is a change to how you're looking at 2020.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I mean basically what we want to do is address 2020 and our guidance and all the components when we normally do in the first quarter. And when we do that we want to have some of the key underpinnings of that including the 2020 budget, the rate letters, and so on, and see where we end the year. So, I would just defer that conversation. We want to give you the guidance and the parts when the guidance is ready and reliable for 2020. And that'll be in the first quarter.
Michael Bilerman: Maybe we can address it this way. So, you have an implied fourth quarter guidance of $0.88 to $0.94, right, based on what you provided for the full year and what you have year-to-date. That $0.88 to $0.94 is down from the $0.96, $0.97 that you've experienced in the prior two quarters. Still a pretty big range, right, $0.06 is you're talking about 6%, 7% in terms of a range for the fourth quarter. And one would have imagined, you would have gotten the benefit of all the investment creative investments, accretive investments that you've made and closed recently. So, maybe Bob you can walk through the delta of getting from 3Q reported FFO of $0.96 down to that $0.88 and $0.84 same store is effectively from what we can tell implying shot down about 4% sequentially down about 7.5% year-over-year based on your guidance numbers which would only be a couple of pennies so maybe we can start talking about that part?
Bob Probst: Yeah. I'll also address a bit of your first question. The lower finishing point this year is now embedded in our outlook and the implication for, therefore, 2020 is real. I mean the start point of where you finish as we're seeing in the fourth quarter fundamentally determines where we are in 2020 and we've lowered that start point. So that’s a fundamental input obviously into 2020. Let's use the midpoint for easy math sequentially to the second part of the question which is a $0.96 in third quarter becomes $0.91 and $0.92 with rounding depending if you round up or 9 run down in the fourth and what's driving that and number one most notably is SHOP and property. And that is the largest driver. We highlighted in the third quarter, we also had a term fee in R&I of roughly a $0.01. And between those two things, therefore, property and that term fee, you bridge the gap. So that’s the sequential midpoint description. And again the range is really predicated principally on the SHOP revenue out turn in the fourth quarter.
Michael Bilerman: And you think it’s a benefit of…
Bob Probst: Hopefully that’s more helpful than my answer to you.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah. And I understand that once you go down SHOP in the lease term fee, but you bought a significant amount of assets, you did the loan on colony, you raised equity in June that was a creative, like all of that should – you get debt refinancing, all of that should help sequentially.
Bob Probst: Well, so yeah. That was I mean, Colin, it was in the third. And Le Groupe Maurice is expected to be breakeven in 2019.
Michael Bilerman: Right.
Bob Probst: So, I think you're – those are reflected. And so, Bob, simplification of third to fourth are the – represent the principal drivers.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the questions. I have two questions. So just first going back to the question on FFO growth. I'm still not understanding, if you're benefiting, I get Maurice is not a positive this year, but it should be a positive next year. Colin, you should be a positive next year. Your NOI in office and MOB should all be positive next year. So, effectively, I'm not sure how you're projecting SHOP into 2020 right now to come to know growth. If in the third quarter itself things are so volatile and it's just tough to get a near-term read, I'm not sure how you're forecasting into 2020 what it looks like. So, if you could just walk us through the of that no growth in FFO, like, what's – in that statement, what's embedded in SHOP for next year?
Bob Probst: Well, I'd really be delighted to do that, and we are going to do that in a disciplined way with all the components when we give our 2020 guidance as we historically have done in the first quarter. And so done in the first quarter. And so I know I'm asking you to be patient with us, but that is a disciplined process that we have historically gone through after we see how the year ends. We want the guidance to be ready and reliable. And so I would encourage us to talk about it when we give 2020 guidance in the first quarter with all the parts that you're looking for.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. Fair enough. But just because you said, no asset for growth and obviously people are going to question. So fair enough.
Bob Probst: Yes.
Vikram Malhotra: We'll wait for the details. The second question -- really is just around the shop, the changes that you're articulating in senior housing and there are two parts if you can bear with me. One on the shop side. It's obvious that there's probably a need for more real-time data or maybe faster data because things could be so volatile as they were in 3Q. So apart from like longer term things like putting in CapEx, etcetera, and selling assets like what can you do or are you contemplating to get data in a more real-time manner in the shop side? And then on the Triple-Net side, if you could address as you've baked in $10 million of potential restructurings. But if you look at the EBITDAR and in-place EBITDAR, I'm assuming is well below 1. I know you have several years on some of your leases, but how should we get comfortable that additional lease restructurings will not be required in 2020 and 2021?
Bob Probst: Yeah. I'll take the first. So reminder, obviously, we are reliant in the shop business on the data from our operators. As you speak to real-time, that is by definition coming through our operators and therefore there is by definition going to be some timing between their receipt of that [ph] I would say the clock speed is pretty good. That said, there are indicators which is such as occupancy which one can see more call weekly. On the other hand, things like REVPOR and your OpEx really are both intra quarter quite dynamic, but also you really need to see the whole quarter play out before you can get a strong beat on it. So I would agree fully that data continues to be in the industry, a challenging one that we continually endeavor to get better on. But in some cases such as NOI and OpEx, you really need to see it through the quarter. Debbie, you want to take the second?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, in terms of the triple-net portfolio, we've given our expectations for 2019 with approximately a net $10 million impact. We're materially on track for that. In terms of looking forward, again that's a part of the 2020 guidance that we want to provide to you when we provide all of our guidance and we have a significant amount of our triple-net Senior Housing tenants. The likes of which is the largest one which obviously has a very significant ability to pay rent. And that's a large portion of the Senior Housing triple net and many other operators who have other credit in our coverage, where we feel comfortable with the go forward rent obligations.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Anderson of SMBC. Your line is open.
Richard Anderson: Thanks good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Rich.
Richard Anderson: Hi. How you’re doing? So I know – just out of curiosity, I know you typically wait till the first quarter for guidance, but these aren't typical times, I guess, and I wonder if you would give any thought to maybe being a little bit early in that process, say pre end of the year to provide an outlook into 2020 sooner than later, just because of the uniqueness of the situation? I would just offer that as a suggestion, but not a question. My question really is 4% to 6% for the five years, how much is that disrupted from your Investor Day? Do we do we assume that as a different range going forward or do you stand by the five-year outlook still?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. I'll let Bob here follow on. But basically, right now, our real focus is closing out 2019 in the way that we've outlined here today, taking steps to improve performance and also position us for the upside in senior housing. Obviously, to the extent that – and we want to get a good 2020 and we want to have it be given to you, which you deserve when it's ready and it's reliable. And there are many inputs that will go into that. And so, obviously, to the extent that our 2020 outlook has changed, due to changing circumstances, that would have implications for the five-year outlook.
Richard Anderson: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: But let's start with getting you a good 2020 that you can feel good about.
Richard Anderson: Okay. Bob are you going to add something? I missed it. I didn’t know.
Bob Probst: No. It’s been entered…
Richard Anderson: Okay. And then last and Bob you'd said the market changed dramatically in the third quarter. And I'm curious as to perhaps why. The supply has been high, but it hasn't really changed much from the second to the third quarter. I guess you're saying the behaviors of your competition have changed and would you say that this is perhaps a condition of the geographical footprint of yourself or do you feel like this is more of a holistic sort of national conversation.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Well, you rightly say. We knew supply was coming. That’s not news to us. I think it's the cumulative impact of what we've been seeing over the last years, which seems to have taken a bigger impact. Made the market tougher particularly on selling. And then within that how our operators and others compete particularly on price. It seems they have become tougher in the quarter. It is clearly thematically when you look at the NIC data which again is the only industry data that we see, there was some sequential occupancy growth. Ours in fact was better than that. We look Q2 and Q3. But both pricing as measured by NIC and occupancy continued to be flattish or challenged. So, without better industry data than that, it's hard to say really overall for the market. But certainly in our portfolio in the markets in which we compete, we did see a change and how we need to compete to that needs to change.
Richard Anderson: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. Bob, I just kind of want to dive into that last question that Rich had related to the impact of supply. Was there more supply delivered this quarter or was the issue that’s the – your competitors were just more aggressive on price and Ventas was not and you lost more occupancy relative to those competitors.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Well, it's always important to know that the openings in the quarter though important, it's not a flash to bang that's immediate. It takes time for those to lease up. And historically, we've talked about 18 to 24 months. I don't know if that rule of thumb applies anymore simply because the cumulative amount of new openings has been so significant over the last couple of years. So, I would not – I would point to the cumulative impact as opposed to some elevation in the quarter itself. Then how folks compete, by definition, new openings come in the market in the submarket. The whole submarket for those existing operators will see an occupancy drop. It's kind of – on a pro-rata basis. It’s then how do you compete within that. And I would say in certain geographies, we did lose share. I think it's fair to say and hence back to the asset-by-asset view of how do we compete in pricing within that most notably. And secondary markets, if I were to point to markets, where we saw – again, these are perhaps more price sensitive markets as well but also, where the deliveries came first. That is where we’re seeing the greatest price competition and the greatest impact on REVPOR to releasing – and NOI. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. And then what, I guess, talking about the I think the changes that I think Debbie made in her remark and I think that you referred to in the Q&A also, I guess what specific changes does the Ventas pursuing? I think the ones that you highlighted seemed like stuff that the company has always done investing in the properties and pursuing I guess pruning. Are you planning on cutting rate also to gain more occupancy, is that one of the more meaningful changes?
Bob Probst: Yeah, Mike, I'll call it the operational strategy, certainly incorporates more aggressive pricing in the fourth quarter and an effort to win that resident and so that is definitely in the plans as distinguished by what I'll call them at the overall portfolio level, actions that we can take which you rarely mention. So at the operating level, at the asset level, pricing is critical for us to compete in changes of the trajectory.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then were you surprised that operators started offering more concessions. I think that I believe Ventas as mentioned and obviously other REITs and operators have said that the market has been fairly disciplined in not offering those concessions that something changed this quarter versus prior quarters.
Bob Probst: Yes, by definition and that was one of the three predicates of why the guidance is different for us than our assumption. Again last second half of last year were widespread discounting, expectation by our operators and us and others I believe that, that would be more targeted in the third quarter in the back half of this year, and that’s not what we're seeing, quite the opposite, a widening in a more competitive market in the pricing, so quite different.
Debra Cafaro: Right, right, and as a result even though sequentially we grew more than neck in the third quarter, we did not build occupancy with the seasonal lift and power that we would typically. see as a result.
Bob Probst: Right. Hence why we may get up year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: How are you? I'm not going to beat a dead horse. Can you – can we switch over to the triple net portfolio the same-store NOI growth there, guidance for the full year moved up pretty significantly by about 125 basis points I think at the midpoint. What sort of that – driving the change there? I feel that's like a pretty stable predictable business.
Bob Probst: So we're still alive and kicking. So you're not beating a dead horse. In terms of a triple net, I would just say that as we said at the beginning of the year and in Bob's remarks that some of the – all of the $10 million net impact in NOI on the discrete set of assets that we've talked about is in non-same store and FFO, and therefore outside of the triple net pool. And we had talked about that I think at the beginning of the year when we made the simplifying assumption around the net $10 million.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So it's that $10 million was previously in and now that's out? Did I get that right?
Debra Cafaro: Remember, we talked about it being a simplifying assumption within. But we’ve noted that if there were dispositions or transitions, then it moves to another category. And that's what we've called out this quarter.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So that's out. How much of the $10 million in adjustments is crystallized at this point? Last quarter, I think you'd said $3 million, Bob. And then what is – what's the annualized impact of the total $10 million as…
Bob Probst: Yeah. During that – yeah. To keep it simple, I'd say, the fourth quarter impact is approximately $4 million and $10 million is the 2019 impact.
Jordan Sadler: But if I think about the…
Bob Probst: Penalized…
Jordan Sadler: …annualized impact of the $10 million adjustment, so the incremental adjustment to 2020, for example, the annualized impact from the $10 million adjustments will be $25 million. So an incremental $15 million the next year.
Bob Probst: I'm not sure how you got that number.
Jordan Sadler: Well, the annualized adjust -- is $10 million an annualized number?
Bob Probst: No.
Jordan Sadler: If the adjustments…
Debra Cafaro: No. It's the 2019 number and it started in the back half of the year principally and is $4 million in the fourth. So that's not an annualized number.
Jordan Sadler: Right. So I'm just curious if you annualized, what the rent adjustments were, right? So annualized rents are…
Bob Probst: Yeah.
Jordan Sadler: Falling by a total of $25 million as a result of those adjustments or it has to be more than $10 million obviously, right?
Bob Probst: Yeah. Correct. And you can annualize $4 million.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. That's just fine. Okay. And then the other guidance thing that I noticed in the guidance was that previously you had maintained that there were no changes to the holiday lease contemplated in guidance. Is that still the same? Okay. I just didn't see that called out. And then, lastly, on the balance sheet. Leverage 5.9 times, did you guys look to the ATM at all in the quarter or since quarter end and then how should we be thinking about the balance sheet going forward, Bob?
Bob Probst: Yes. So 5.9 really a function of the close of LGM in the quarter so very much as anticipated, very much within the range of five or six that we've operated within a long time. So, we're quite comfortable there. We did not incrementally do ATM in the quarter. We had, last earnings call, described a little that we did early on in the third quarter, but we didn't do any after that. Simply, we didn't have uses, so that's the rationale. But we're very – we’re comfortable with where we are.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, Debbie and Bob. I just wanted to maybe switch to expenses in the SHOP portfolio and just sort of what you're experiencing on the labor front and sort of how you maybe see that trending as a positive negative or kind of maybe consistent moving forward.
Bob Probst: Yes, Steve. So, a nice thing to talk about – I'm happy to talk about the OpEx. We grew OpEx year-on-year in the third by 1.8%. What continues clearly is underlying wage pressure, kind of mid-single digit sort of range when you look at a per-hour basis, and we've described how consistently we've been able to manage that number by staffing operating model at the asset level, procurement and managing indirect costs and, as a consequence, keeping that overall growth below 2%, and that is year to date pretty consistently what we’ve seen across the portfolio. Now, clearly, if and if the economy continues as is and if continue labor pressure in wages in the mid-single digits range, we’ll need to run that same playbook to keep the OpEx in the range that we've had. But it's been – I give lots of credit to our operators doing a fantastic job on managing the OpEx base and keeping that below the inflation.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I guess the second question on the R&I business, Debbie. As you sort of look out, just sort of the opportunity set today, I mean, how would you sort of describe it versus three to six months ago?
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to turn that over to my colleague John Cobb, who’s on the ground, our Chief Investment Officer.
John Cobb: This is John. I mean, I think, what we're seeing is – we're seeing our pipeline is still good on the development side with our friends at Wexford. We're seeing lots of activity and so forth there. We're still looking at a fair amount of acquisitions in both core markets and also in our university markets. Those are become a little bit more competitive, but we're definitely seeing a fair amount of activity.
Debra Cafaro: We have a great competitive position in the university research and innovation business, and John and the team, are doing everything humanly possible to maximize that competitive advantage that we have.
Steve Sakwa: I guess just to quickly follow up on the competitive nature, and sounds like on the acquisition front, is it new players coming into the business or just trying to get a little more color on maybe what's happening to pricing on those assets?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, there’s been some new competitors. There’s always been competitors in all the industries that we play in. It just happens to be there’s a little bit more right now in life science, a couple private equity [ph] have formed some funds. But it's no different than, that I would say, in the last six months. I mean, it's always been competitive, it's just become a little bit more price compression.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Good morning, guys.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Joshua Dennerlein: In the opening statements on have you mentioned the ESL was weaker than expected and maybe if you can maybe add – if you removed that, it would be about 100 basis point. Did I heard that correctly? Can you maybe give some more color on what's going on there and if that’s just for them or their markets or…?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So, you're right. We did call out 100 basis point impact to the Q3 result from ESL. Thematically, what drove the ESL result is not different than what I talked about overall in terms of occupancy and pricing. I’d say a couple of things that are unique or discrete in this case. One is the footprint, which tends to be more secondary, tertiary markets. And two is ESL still I would say in the process of implementing new models as it has had these assets and taken them over including a new pricing model, which in the midst of, in the context of the tough market, made it even tougher for ESL in particular. But generally thematically, the drivers are the same.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And are the drivers that were impacting SHOP this quarter consistent with what was going on in the net lease senior housing portfolio? Just trying to get a sense of where like 3Q 2019 coverage ratio might [ph] shed 00:52:55 out and maybe if the evolution got kind of going forward. And should we might expect that to trend closer to 1% or maintain the 1.1%?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say the industry irregardless of or irrespective of business model is the industry. So, to the extent that the triple-net operators are seeing the same market conditions and cash flow at the assets as a similar profile, then, yes, that would have a impact on coverage. As you know, we report on a delayed basis in terms of coverage, and we haven't got yet the results from all our operators for triple-net, so too early to say. But clearly, the underlying market is what drives ultimately that number.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And you're still confident that those conversations over time would kind of be in a comfort range where you feel like the leases could kind of consist as they are or at what point would you like consider taking action?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, I would say in a normal market, if you're looking at EBITDA coverage over a long period of time, you would want to see those in the 1.2% to 1.3% range, maybe 1.1% to 1.3%, which is where we are. Over time, it really depends how you address different things depending on what the circumstances are, what the credit is, whether it's – whether they're pooled leases, what other credit supports you may have and so on. And those really determine how you would approach the situation if coverage becomes more compressed. We've talked about how we've addressed to the street pool of those in 2019, and I think very effectively, and at the largest percentage of this pool of triple-net senior housing operators, we're quite comfortable with.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Kim of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thank you. Question on the lack of enterprise growth next year, does this contemplate any -- hi, Debbie. Does this contemplate major disposition shrinking the company now or any significant amount of operating transitions that you're…
Debra Cafaro: It's a fairly steady state. Look…
John Kim: Okay, still seems difficult to get to that lack of earnings growth. I mean I think this question was asked earlier but is there going to be another significant rent relief that you had, some under the $10 million that you had this year and it looks like for instance on the LTAC the triple-net coverage went down a notch. I'm wondering if that's also part of your guidance?
Debra Cafaro: I'll touch on the LTAC, when the LTAC was literally a matter of basis points that made the round change driven by both rent in and the asset performance, but it's literally around, so there's no fundamental change in the LTACs.
John Kim: Okay, second question is just a follow up on ESL. It still seems like the 100 basis point impact on your SHOP is pretty significant, given the size of the [ph] can you just verify how significant they are as part of your SHOP, same-store SHOP portfolio and any parameters on how -- the performance was?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, roughly 10% on a number, a little bit less of the SHOP portfolio is what they represent. Clearly as you say 100 basis points is a big impact. And so that year-over-year performance is double digits down. It's just by definition the math. So quite materially and quite – quite material and quite notable. But again, it comes back to the same drivers. I would highlight again, secondary and tertiary type business models, slightly lower margins as a consequence of lower outpour in dollars, so a bit more operating leverage as well.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steve Valiquette of Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: Hello. So just a few more questions here on senior housing pricing dynamics. And I guess I'm curious whether one or two operators in particular that maybe triggers some of the more aggressive pricing or was it more wide spread across a whole bunch of different companies with new supply? And also, just to confirm, did you see any acceleration in situations where pricing became more aggressive from existing competition or was the more aggressive pricing primarily from new supply in the various markets as they tried to build occupancy? And well finally, would you consider the new pricing to be irrational just to – not stir the pot too much, but has it gone to irrational levels or how would you characterize it? Thanks.
Bob Probst: Well, I think – first of all, there – I won't point to any bad actors say for example, there's not one or two that are driving the market. I think again, when there's a cumulative significant amount of new openings, of course you have the new building opening which it's quite rational to be aggressive on price to fill up the building which is a relatively small investment relative to the cost of building and in opening the community. So, that's not irrational. That certainly drives price competition. And that's not a new insight. We've seen widening releasing spreads kind of talked in the mid to high single-digit range lower or declines. And that has accelerated. So, I'd say just taking what we've seen and amping it up, amping it up. And again not because of any one factor, I think but the cumulative impact of what's happened over the last years.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. All right. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Joseph of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Mike Billman 00:59:57 again here with Nick. I was wondering just, Debra you mentioned as you talked about 2020 a steady state and the deferral of the growth from an enterprise, from an FFO perspective next year largely was driven by the SHOP change, which we spent a lot of time talking about on the call. One of the things you talked about in the Investor Day was having $2 billion of net investment volumes. And then I just wanted to understand, when you're walking back the growth for next year, does that still assume $2 billion of net investment volumes.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Again, in terms of looking at 2020 and giving guidance or expectations and the components thereof, I am – I feel very responsible to all of you to do so when that is ready and reliable. I couldn’t feel more strongly about that Michael as you can imagine. In terms of the deferral of enterprise growth, I would say that when I said steady state, it's simply what we have now, if you want to think about that.
Michael Bilerman: Well, I'm just trying to piece together, and maybe the bigger question is this is an unfortunate situation that you have to walk back, and SHOP is much weaker.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Michael Bilerman: …than you expect, and unfortunately you have to manage other managers, so it's not even something internal that you can just fire someone or discipline someone for a bad performance or oversight. But if I look at sort of the guidance and the FFO trajectory, you had an issue last year where numbers have to come down pretty significantly for 2019. You had an Investor Day where I would say you did the reverse which was get people really excited about the future growth profile of the company. You started talking down numbers a little bit on the 2Q call, went further at a conference in September, same things were a little bit weaker, and then dropped today weaker result and a significant change for 2020. And so I can respect the level of wanting to be responsible and get all the numbers in action, but this is not a onetime event. And so I really would like to understand from an enterprise perspective, what else are you doing. You talked about fixing things and maybe doing more dispositions or capital, but more so from your own guidance and financial perspective, what has the last 12 months taught you from that side?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's amazing to be at this stage and grade and still be learning good lessons I would say that again, we've always been known over long periods of time to be reliable and to be forthright. And those are values we hold dear. I would say that one of the lessons is certainly that in a dynamic market like we have now, we have to be disciplined even if people are asking for information earlier or more detailed information, we have to be more disciplined to make sure we have all the inputs that we believe are necessary to have confidence in what we are telling you. And that lesson is reinforced by today. And I – we have – we feel and have a deep responsibility to you and to our shareholders and to all of our stakeholders, and we – that's how I would characterize really what we will do differently going forward and what we've learned.
Bob Probst: And then I think the key point that we're all trying to sort of isolate is you've had the confidence to be able to tell the market today we're not going to grow FFO in 2020 based on our trajectory of SHOP that we experienced in the second half and likely some element of what we expect for SHOP next year. And we're going to – please hold off until January when we'll give you all the details. I think some of the other pieces in coming to that comment like $2 billion of investment, that's where I think we're trying to put the pieces to the puzzle together to at least understand you coming and making the declaration of no growth for next year, what does that mean? Does that mean that you should assume zero acquisitions which is by the way historically the way you used to do guidance versus Investor Day were you layered that into your growth profile? And so I think there are some – it's like apples and oranges, and I think we're all just trying to understand the meaning of your growth and what's embedded generally speaking in that, what's in and what's not.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And what we can say is that that growth will be deferred. We – there is a significant amount obviously that is driven by our senior housing. And with respect to the rest of it, we do want to come back to you at the right time and give you some of the more underpinnings of a range…
Michael Bilerman: And then just…
Debra Cafaro: …and what’s the component, sorry, that go into that range.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And so I want to make sure that when you said steady state, so in your comment about growth for next year, would exclude net investment activity – your comment about not getting the growth, does that – is that include – because obviously, that could be accretive to numbers. And I just want to forget about all the other components. That to me is a major one because it could get anywhere from $0.05 to $0.10 to earnings if you're buying $2 billion of assets financed accretively. So that – because that to me seems like a major one just to make sure we understand.
Debra Cafaro: I mean we’re – as I said, and you've interpreted correctly Michael, in terms of steady state, we're just thinking about effectively organic without additional acquisitions, dispositions, capital markets etcetera.
Michael Bilerman: So, all that could potentially be additive to whatever outlook. But on a steady state basis, current portfolio, current same store, that would lead to earnings FFO being down next year. From that point, you’re going to work your ass off to improve operation to SHOP and work with your managers, find accretive investments. And so there could be a chance, a hope that things could turn out better than that expectation. Is that a fair assumption?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are certainly focused first and foremost on delivering the 2019 we've outlined here. And we will absolutely the whole team is committed to working as hard as possible to improve performance and to get the benefits of senior housing upside, external acquisitions and so on. You have our commitment for that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Hi. So we've covered a lot and I apologize if I missed this. But what are some options to optimize the SHOP portfolio? So, as you look forward, how do you balance the possible disposition of underperforming assets versus reducing dependence on senior housing through growth and R&I and – or maybe hospital investments, if you could speak to that for a second.
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean there is a definite balance here because the leading indicators in senior housing continue to be very positive. There is a powerful upside in senior housing. We certainly can always optimize the portfolio and do things to improve performance. We also want to be there and have our shareholders be there to enjoy that powerful upside as it materializes. So there definitely is a balance there as you’ve pointed out.
Derek Johnston: Okay, but as far as growth in R&I we expect that shut to continue, but how about [indiscernible] investments in general? Is that a possibility as well?
Debra Cafaro: Again, that’s, I mean Bob talked about Ardent’s performance which has been good, that investment has done very, very well. And our new Montreal investment of course has five assets underway that we'll continue to invest in. So there are many good aspects of the portfolio in the enterprise that are going very well. And we can obviously continue to build on those strengths while we also address where we are in senior housing.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lukas Hartwich of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Lukas Hartwich: Hi. On SHOP, do you have any ideas why there is such a large disconnect with the NIC data performance?
Debra Cafaro: Well, on the one side, on rate, I would tell you that the rate from NIC is not effective rate, it's not REVPOR. We really disregard it. It's the rack rate basically. So I think that that really should be kind of off the table. In terms of occupancy sequentially, we built occupancy 40 basis points, they built it 20, the difference is a year-over-year comparison
Bob Probst: And I would only add that the coverage of [indiscernible] is not 100% of the country to certain geographies. So, the representative, I think not complete.
Lukas Hartwich: Great. And then just one other, can you compare and contrast the CapEx spend that is going into your SHOP and triple-net senior housing portfolios? Well, we know that for steel for example in the triple-net portfolio is investing a significant amount in CapEx. And through our agreement with them, we've committed to keep the assets competitive in their markets by doing some yielding investments in capital as well. Most of the triple-net leases have requirements for CapEx spend. I would say in general, our shop portfolio, which is higher end and higher rate by and large, we do tend to spend, call it, $2,500 a unit. So, very significant to keep the assets in good condition and with a high price point for the resident.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from [indiscernible] Stifel. Your line is open.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: So, I'm going to try and get a little more detail about the SHOP occupancy only because there seems to be a dramatic shift in occupancy from mid-core to the end of the quarter that just no new supply doesn't really seem to account for. So, can you give us a little more detail without confined to specific property and operators or geography or is something watered?
Bob Probst: Yeah. So, it is a significant change and it was significant even within the quarter and most notably in September. And that was a trend which is true across all the operators that we have in our SHOP portfolio. And at least in my experience, it’s pretty unprecedented. So, it's not specific to a geography either. We saw, again, I mentioned secondary and tertiary markets where more supply has come online earlier, is where we see the most acute impact. But even in primary markets, you see similar trends. So, that's why I keep coming back [ph] Chad to this notion of a cumulative effect. Is it a capitulation of some kind or not? Only time will tell. But it is notable in that in its consistency as we look at it in different ways.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: All right. Then if this is wider spread, how has Ventas’ expectation of a weaker SHOP in 2020, how does it alter your view of potential senior housing acquisitions in 2020?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again as we talked about as it relates to 2020, we're not factoring in any of that in the conversation that we've had today. Over the past several years, we've been quite judicious about our senior housing investments. The vast, vast, vast majority of our investment activity has been in growing R&I pipeline and obviously non-US Montreal based for example the LGM investment. And so I would say our expectation about investments is really based on a case by case basis. We remain positive on the fundamental long-term growth in the senior housing business. But we've been very judicious about our investments in the senior housing business over the past couple of years.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: All right. So what do you think the optimal portfolio mix looks like down the line in two or three years?
Debra Cafaro: Well we've talked about this before, and I would say that we hope to continue building our university-based research and innovation business where we expect to have excellent risk adjusted returns. We've always thought that SHOP should be in the US certainly, somewhere between 20% and 35% and that's been consistent over time. And I would continue to endorse diversification in all its manifestations which again has the company is really benefiting from right now as you've seen the outperformance from office. Some of the healthcare triple-net lease business and so on.
Unidentified Conference Call Participant: All right, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: This isn’t a 2020 question, but given the wide performance variance between the primary markets and the secondary markets, should we assume that you're going to shrink the secondary markets over time and ramp You're going to shrink the secondary market over time and ramp up asset sales?
Debra Cafaro: I think as Bob said, if this is an outgrowth of earlier development in secondary market that's now being felt, we want to make sure that we're taking operational action, pricing decisions and so on to compete effectively in the market while also preserving that powerful upside. And so those may be the first two to change on a positive note, and we will look at all of those markets and all those assets on a case by case basis both operationally and strategically. So I don't think your conclusion is really directionally how we're thinking about it.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Got it. And then the negative rent spread, can you put some numbers around that just in terms of how they've trended?
Debra Cafaro: That’s a Bob question.
Bob Probst: Sure. Yeah. Last year, I would call it in the 7% range. This year, closer to 10% down.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That’s it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: All right, Mike. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Daniel Bernstein of Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bernstein: I'll still say good morning. The sun is still shining upside.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Daniel Bernstein: Good morning. I guess I have a question on that early supply and some of the rate pressures out there. Is it stemming from the merchant builders [ph] where the new owner operator? Well, the asset came online in 2016, and you’re three years in and you’re not stabilized, you’re coming up against some of your – probably your construction debt covenants. Is that where the pressure is emanating within the industry from kind of the merchant builder or is it – again, I'm trying to understand how broad based the way pressure is out there.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. I think it's all the above, to be honest with you. It's not again specific to anyone, at least as we see as anyone, operator or owner. It's more of an industry commentary than anything and geography specific conversation.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And then, I assume it's more on the AL side than the IL side or again this is kind of everywhere?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That foreign distinction -- yeah, absolutely. It's definitely AL. Again, that's where the supply has come. And where the starts have gotten the lowest which is...
Chris Cummings: Right. And the most notable improvement, nine years low, I think, and the latest data the lowest to nine years. And so, IL is performing pretty well, actually. It's the AL that's seeing the pressure.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And so, does that, nothing – we're not going to get to 2020 acquisitions or guidance or anything like that, but from a – just a broad perspective, it would – does that then leave you more inclined to say continue to buy and build assisted living given where the starts are and again kind of continue down the path of more exposure versus triple-net or has something ancient in maybe where you would want to invest and how you would want to invest in seniors housing.
Chris Cummings: As we've talked about in terms of our investment strategy, we are positive on the long-term fundamental outlook for senior housing. We have invested judiciously over the past few years. We're building our research and innovation business with universities which is our number one priority, and we'll continue to look at investments on a case by case basis as we see good – what we believe is good risk adjusted return.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay, okay, I guess we’ll continue the conversion off line as it’s getting late.
Chris Cummings: I look forward, I look forward to it.
Debra Cafaro: So I wanted to thank everyone for their patience and participation in this call. As Michael eloquently said, we are aligned and are committed to working as hard as we can on behalf of our shareholders as we always have. And we really appreciate your continued support and trust. So we look forward to seeing you in November. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Ventas Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Juan Sanabria, Head of IR. You may begin.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks, Tiffany. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. As we start, let me express that our projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Law. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward- looking statements to reflect any changes and expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and the company's other SEC filings. Please note that any quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call in its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website www.ventasreit.com. I’ll now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Juan, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome you to the Ventas' second quarter 2019 earnings call. I'm happy to be joined on today's call by my talented Ventas colleagues, as we discuss our enterprise momentum, our productive second quarter, our increase to full-year 2019 expectations, and our recent addition to our outstanding Board of Directors. I’d also like to reinforce our commitment to growth in 2020 and emphasis how well-positioned we are to deliver superior total return in the coming years. First of all, a sincere thanks to all of you who attended our Investor Day in June. The whole 24 hours we spent together at our R&I Knowledge Community in uCity Philadelphia were jampacked with new information, insights, and incredible connections. I’m so glad we could spend time with you, show casing our deep and broad team, our best-in-class partners, and the power of our diverse high-quality portfolio. Turning briefly to our second quarter results. I’m very pleased to report another solid quarter of normalized FFO, $0.97 per share resulting from property growth and excellence in our office business. Building on our strong momentum, we are also delighted to increase our full-year guidance to $3.80 to $3.86 per share, an increase of $0.03 at the midpoint from our prior range. Now, I’d like to address the current activity and future opportunities at Ventas. During my two decades, we followed a consistent successful strategy that endures. We strive to combine a high-quality diverse portfolio benefiting from strong demographic demand with industry-leading growing partners in all our verticals and let our collaborative and experienced team get after it. Our goal is to produce consistent growing cash flow and superior returns on a strong balance sheet for you. The enduring Ventas advantage has enabled us to outperform and deliver 23% compound annual return for 20 years through multiple cycle. Now, following a period where we have substantially elevated our portfolio and partner mix, we are ready to pivot to growth in 2020. We have identified for building blocks that underpin our confidence in Ventas’ future growth and success. These are, core portfolio performance, the powerful upside in senior housing, meaningful accretive external investments, and contribution from our exciting research and innovation business as we build urban and lease up our near-term development pipeline. Bob will address the first two building blocks in his commentary, and I’d like to focus my remarks on our accretive external investments, and our R&I pipeline, which combined for nearly $3.5 billion of announced investments year-to-date. Of that total, $2.5 billion represents investments above and beyond our university-based research and innovation announced development project. Year-to-date activity follows our last standing successful investment framework, which blends investments and trophy assets, accretive quality assets, and well-structured high-yielding assets to produce growing cash flows and increasing value. Let me and untap these attractive investments we captured. First, we’ve acquired over $200 million in trophy assets in our office business. In addition to our recent investment in Cambridge, we recently acquired a newly constructed Duke held asset, which expands our investment in academic medicine. It also broadens our existing relationship with Duke University and Duke School of Medicine, which is an anchor tenant and in our nearby Chesterfield R&I building where Duke researchers engage in translational science to discover treatments for common health disorders. This increasing convergence of research and academic medicine, which is also evident in the Penn uCity market we toured on Investor Day shows why Ventas is incredibly well-positioned to lead in the medical office, academic medicine, R&I, and university space. Second, we announced our exciting and accretive investment in 31 Class A Apartment-Like Senior Living Communities in the desirable Quebec market with Le Groupe Maurice and an attractive valuation of $1.8 billion. These 31 large-scale communities provide an active lifestyle for seniors with high-end amenities and a la carte services. As a result, they lease up quickly to a younger demographic. The 31 communities are expected to deliver 4% compound annual NOI growth over the next five years. We project incremental NOI growth from five in-progress LGM developments, which adds $300 million of investment activity to our announced amounts. We also have an exclusive partnership with LGM to jointly develop and own additional communities over time to meet the robust needs of the rapidly growing senior population that lives in senior housing in large percentages in Québec. We have already closed the first phase of our LGM partnership and look forward to completing the remaining aspects of our investment in the third quarter. Last, we were delighted to close the $490 million investment in the secured $1.5 billion colony capital refinancing in Q2. In high yielding 9% investment is well structured and supported by a large diverse pool of 156 medical office buildings, senior housing, and healthcare assets. The second building block of our forward growth plan I want to share is, our $1.5 billion near term development pipeline in our university-based R&I business. So far this year, we’ve announced five specific projects totaling nearly $900 million. The projects are its top tier universities to our leaders in scientific research and academic medicine, and should be delivered in the 2021 to 2022 timeframe. These developments establish will expand powerful knowledge communities for our existing relationships with Penn, and Drexel, and WashU. They also create the nucleus of new knowledge communities with additive relationships with the University of Pittsburgh and Arizona State University. Each of which is in the highest ranks of research funding in the U.S. We are excited about all of the new projects, but since you all know, I'm a proud Pittsburgh native, I’d like to highlight the Pitt project today. The Pitt Immune Transplant & Therapy Center will create a research academic medicine and innovation hub anchored by the University of Pittsburgh to house groundbreaking immunotherapy research, and collaboration with nationally recognized healthcare leader UPMC. The Pitt Transplant & Therapy Center development is already well underway. As we look forward to the future in our research and innovation business, we see incredible opportunities we are well-positioned to capture. In our immediate sites are the remaining projects approximating $600 million in our current pipeline that we expect to commence within 12 months. Beyond our near-term pipeline, we control [adjacent land] that supports over $3.5 billion or 6.2 million square feet of incremental development opportunity. And finally, our university partners own additional on-campus land that we can build on or acquire to facilitate further expansion as exemplified by our Drexel School of Nursing and Health Professions [built-to-suit project]. In addition to growing and improving our portfolio of diverse research, senior housing, and healthcare properties we remain equally if not more focus on aligning with best-in-class partners. Uniquely in our business, our partners are key ingredients to our success. We are proud that we have existing development partnerships with best-in-class Wexford Science & Technology who was so well regarded by top universities nationally for designing, developing, and delivering powerful knowledge communities that meets their needs.  And we value our long-standing partnerships with Atria senior living that demonstrated once again at our Investor Day. It’s differentiating scale and scale that made Atria a winner in senior housing, as well as our strong partnership with PMB, a leading medical office partner who develops and manages our trophy center asset in downtown San Francisco.  Finally, you experienced firsthand the power of our ongoing collaborations with universities like Drexel and Penn, innovators like the Science Center, and Gene therapy companies like Amicus and Spark when we were together in Philadelphia's uCity market. Now, we’re excited to join forces with [Luke Maurice], a well-regarded brand developer and leader in the Canadian Senior Housing market. Both Ventas and LGM began their stories in 1998 and have enjoyed parallel success in building sustainable respected firms. I recently had the opportunity to visit with Luke and his leaders at their offices in Montréal, and I continue to be extremely impressed by their track record, ethics, reputation, engagement, capabilities and plans for the future. When we close our partnership in full, I can’t to wait to tell them so, hopefully in French. It is really a privilege to collaborate with these industry leaders who we are proud to call our partners. We will continue to invest in our mutually reinforcing success. Lastly, let’s talk about our great Ventas people, who are of competitive advantage for us. At Investor Day, you saw firsthand the breadth, depth and collegiality of our team. I’m continually amazed by their integrity, intelligence, and work ethic. And that’s all the way through the organization. They are truly committed to Ventas and to each other. Luckily, I'm not the only one who recognizes the outstanding capabilities of the Ventas team. Bob Probst, our CFO was recently named public company CFO of the year. Those of you in the rick base can certainly see that Bob is one of the best CFO’s in our business. It’s fantastic that his excellence was recognized across all industries by financial executive international.  Another vital aspect of our Ventas people is our diverse and independent Board of Directors, which has also been a key differentiator for us. The Board’s individual and collective judgement experience and engagement have been crucial to our long-term success. Today, we are excited to announce the appointment of Sean Nolan as the tenth member our board. Sean is a repeatedly successful Life Science and Pharma Executive. His unique and complementary insights and experiences will add to our depth and enhance our decision-making and opportunity set in our fast-growing research and innovation business and our overall enterprise growth. This is a terrific time to be at Ventas and to invest in Ventas.  Our business model, which is broad and diverse gives us the continual opportunity to fine investments and add value and drives the company forward. These opportunities are right in front of us. Our businesses are supported by powerful demographic demand, our valuation has upside. We have a strong financial condition and attractive dividends. We have identified the building blocks that will support our future growth, and we know how to execute on our plans. In closing, with two decades of perspective and outperformance through cycles, the Ventas advantage of our high-quality portfolio, our best-in-class partners, and our excellent team gives us potent confidence in our ability to deliver outstanding performance in the coming years. We remain committed to and focused on pivoting to growth in 2020. With that, I’m happy to turn the call over to our CFO of ever year, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thanks Debbie. I'm happy to report solid second quarter results, driven by growth from our high-quality diversified portfolio of senior housing, office, and healthcare real estate. The year is playing out much as we expected across our property portfolio, and as a result, we are reaffirming our full-year 2019 property level guidance. Looking at the second quarter, our total property portfolio delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 0.3% in the second quarter with office and triple-net leading the way in all of our segments performing in-line with our expectations. Let’s take a deeper look starting with our shop business. Shop same-store cash NOI in the second quarter was 2.9% lower versus prior year, within the range of our full-year NOIs expectations of flat to down 3%. Q2 same-store occupancy was solid at 86.4%, representing a 40-basis point occupancy gap versus prior year. As a reminder, the year-over-year occupancy GAAP averaged 80 basis points for the full-year of 2018. Meanwhile, Q2 REVPOR grew 60 basis points year-over-year. Releasing spreads were impacted by price competition and trended consistent with last quarter. We believe that REVPOR in the second half of the year should benefit from lapping price discounting that accelerated in the second half of last year. Operating expenses grew a modest 1.9% in the second quarter. Our leading operators continue to expertly manage staffing and drive efficiencies. That said, we maintain our view that full-year OpEx will increase in the 2% to 3% range, given a tight labor market. At a market level in the U.S., we continue to see NOI growth in sub-markets such as South Orange County, Los Angeles and Eastern Long Island in New York, mitigated by declines in markets such as Chicago and secondary markets. That said, even in challenged MSAs, we see pockets of occupancy in NOI growth at the submarket level. For example, North-east Atlanta.  Canada once again was a strong performer in Q2 with occupancy of 93.5%, NOI growth of 3.6% in the quarter, and 6% in the first half. This performance underscores the health of the Canadian Senior Housing market, and the quality of our portfolio north of the border. Key of this behind our strategy to further enhance our position be an exciting LGM portfolio in Quebec. We maintain our full-year 2019 same-store SHOP NOI guidance of flat to minus 3%. So, expect to trend towards the lower end of our range. Big picture, although we are still in the midst of elevated new openings, we believe strongly in the powerful upside is senior housing and its contribution to our five-year growth. As for trade in Philly, we expect occupancy to inflect positively in the second half of 2020. Through our proprietary data analytics, we can look ahead and see that demand is increasing and that supply is easing. As evidenced by our forecast that new openings across our 194 submarkets should improve by about 15% in 2020 versus 2019. In fact, reaching the best levels of new deliveries since 2015. Looking further ahead, improving new construction starts, accelerating demand, and significant operating leverage underscore our conviction that over the next five years our SHOP business can grow same-store cash NOI at a 4% to 6% CAGR. On the triple-net, where same-store cash NOI increased by 1.5% for the second quarter, driven by annual rent escalators. Excluding the impact of a prior year cash fee of $2.5 million arising from the 2018 Brookdale lease extension, the company's triple-net portfolio grew 2.9%. Trailing 12-month EBITDARM cash flow coverage for our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2019 related to the available information was stable at 1.5 times. As we foreshadowed at our last call, given current industry conditions, trailing 12-month coverage in our triple net same-store seniors housing portfolio moderated to 1.1 times. Coverage in our post-acute portfolio was steady at 1.4 times, and finally Ardent continues to deliver terrific results, driving a 10-basis point coverage expansion to a very strong 3.1 times.  We continue to estimate a $10 million impact to Ventas’ 2019 NOI through transactions addressing certain smaller low coverage senior housing triple net tenants with approximately 3 million crystallized year-to-date. Potential transactions include operator and/or business model transitions. An example effectuated in the second quarter was the transition of 10 assets on the East Coast from a smaller triple-net to ESL under a management contract. We see upside in the cash flows at these assets over time. We continue to estimate that our triple-net portfolio will grow 2019 same-store cash NOI in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%.  Moving on to our highly valuable office segment, which includes our university-based research and innovation, and medical office businesses it represents 28% of our NOI. Our office segment delivered strong same-store cash NOI growth of 2.9% in the second quarter. Our R&I business led the way increasing Q2 same-store cash NOI by a robust 4.6%, driven by occupancy gains of 120 basis points on strong lease up at our Duke and Wake Forest assets together with revenue per occupied square foot increasing 3%. As an example, in Q2 of the strong demand for on-campus research space, Penn Medicine took procession of 38,000's square feet of lab space at 3711 Market Street in Philly, replacing the science center, which expanded to 50,000 square feet and the newly completed 3675 Market Street building. Both buildings are now over 97% leased. We affirm our full-year guidance of 3% to 4% for R&I same-store NOI trending towards the high-end of the range after a strong first half of the year. Turning to our Medical Office business, MOB same-store NOI increased by a solid 2.4% in the second quarter. As Pete Bulgarelli highlighted in Philly, the MOB team is focused on driving NOI by executing on operational best practice initiatives. Some green shoots of these efforts include very strong tenant retention in Q2 of 92%, and sequential occupancy growth to nearly 91%. Operating expenses decreased 1.4% year-over-year reaping the benefits from utility savings arising from sustainability investments, as well as lower repair and maintenance costs. We are enthusiastic about our MOB business and reaffirm our full-year guidance of 1% to 2% for 2019 MOB same-store NOI. On a combined basis, we reaffirm our office portfolio 2019 same-store cash NOI guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5% with the expectation to trend to the higher-end of the range. Pulling back for a minute, you will recall that core grow defined as our triple-net MOB and organic R&I performance is a fundamental building block of our five-year growth expectation. We are steadfast that core will be an important growth contributor. Our diversified triple-net portfolio will benefit from escalator driven growth, while Pete and the office team are building momentum in MOB and going from strength-to-strength in the R&I operating portfolio. Turning back to the year now, our overall company second quarter financial results in our increased 2019 guidance, normalized FFO per share in the second quarter was $0.97. The FFO performance versus 2018 was primarily the result of property growth, as well as $0.02 from the recognition of cash profit on Paragon warrants. Our tenants in our UMB knowledge community, and another proof point of the attractiveness of our R&I tenants. Q2 results were also affected by the earnings drag from the LGM equity offering in early June. I would also note that year-over-year we're lapping the second quarter 2018 payoff of the Ardent loans and related fees. We were active in the capital markets in the second quarter. We raised nearly 800 million of equity in early June to fund our LGM investments and followed on in July with roughly 80 million raised on our ATM, partially fund our net Colony investment. We also tapped the debt capital markets issuing $450 million of attractively priced five-year bonds at 2.65% with proceeds used to retire bonds maturing in 2020, thereby extending the duration of our debt portfolio to approximately seven years. As a result of these actions, our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio improved 30 basis points sequentially to a robust 5.2 times at quarter-end, principally as a result of the timing of equity raised in early June, the advance of the July closing of the first phase of the LGM transaction. Let's close with guidance. We’re happy to raise our normalized FFO per share outlook for the full-year 2019 to now range from $3.80 to $3.86, a $0.03 improvement at the midpoint from previous guidance of $3.75 to $3.85 per share. As just discussed, we’re also reaffirming our property portfolio and segment level same store cash NOI growth for 2019.  Assumptions underpinning our FFO guidance are largely the same as last quarter with a few notable updates. First, guidance now includes the impacts of announced investments, including Le Groupe Maurice and the Colony loan investment and associated capital markets activities. The second and final phase of the LGM transaction is expected to close in the third quarter. Second, we now expect to generate $600 million through 2019 dispositions and receipt of loan repayments, up $100 million from prior guidance from expected sales of non-core senior housing operating assets at attractive pricing. Approximately $360 million of disposition proceeds have been realized year-to-date. Final items to note in guidance include increased premium costs for property and casualty insurance as a result of August renewal and a tight insurance market. Our 2019 outlook also assumes 370 million weighted fully diluted shares. No new capital market activity is included with the exception of Canadian debt funding connected with the completion of the second phase of the LGM transaction. To close, the Ventas team is very pleased with our start to the year and is committed to execute with excellence against our initiatives in 2019 and to pivot to FFO growth in 2020. We are confident we have the portfolio, partners, team and perspectives necessary to deliver. With that, I’ll hand it to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Thanks for the SHOP NOI guidance you mentioned in your remarks that you expect to trends towards the low-end of the range. What are you now expecting for full-year 2019 in terms of the number?
Bob Probst: And so, hi, Nick, yes, so we are correct – you’re correct, we are guiding towards the lower end and reminder the range is flat to down 3%. We’re down call it 2.5% in the first half. So, I would describe the full year at the lower end as below the midpoint, but still within the range of that original guidance. 
Nick Joseph: So, around 2.5% for the full year as well?
Bob Probst: Between 1.5% and 3% down, yes.
Nick Joseph : And then when you think about your comments for 2020 SHOP performance, you know, over the next five years, what gives you the confidence to achieve – I mean those goals that you’ve laid out given the challenges you had already this year in terms of results versus what guidance initially assumed?
Bob Probst: Yes, great. Thanks for asking this. I think it’s really important to differentiate between the year now and the guidance and results just reported, which clearly are still in the midst of the timing mismatch between supply and demand. There’s no question and very much in line with expectation, again, reaffirming our full-year guidance. That is different than a five-year outlook and we did in the prepared remarks talk about the demand supply equation go forward, specifically in 2020 where we see an improvement in new deliveries, up 15% year-on-year, 2020 versus 2019 and indeed the lowest level you’ve seen since 2015, which obviously informed by proprietary data and really no change frankly in the last month from what we told you then and what we see now. So, our optimism remains clearly the powerful upside with operating leverage, accelerating demand and visibility into supply is what gives us the confidence in that 46% CAGR over that five-year period. So, we remain steadfast on that point.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Bob Probst: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico : Well, thanks. Good morning everyone. So, I know you added – you announced a lot of new R&I developments at the Investor Day, but I think you also talked about, you know, over the next 12 months you would – you know you could be announcing another $600 million plus of projects, and I know it’s only a month ago, but, you know, do you have any updated thoughts on that?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we would confirm that that we have announced the $900 million in five specific projects, which are outlined for you, and then, there are about 600 more in the near term pipeline that can post the 1.5 billion pipeline that we are, you know, working on and believe will be commenced in the next 12 months.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then, just two more questions on SHOP. You know if we look at the – you know the FAD adjustments you give on the CapEx in the SHOP segment, it was up, and I think you – year-over-year and I think you also, you know, raised your CapEx guidance higher. Can you just explain, you know, what’s driving that? I mean how much of that is, you know, just, you know, routine cost going up versus, you know, you – you’re spending more money to, you know, position the portfolio better relative to some of the new supply competition?
Bob Probst: Sure, Nick. Yes, thanks. So, well spotted. So, we did increase on a full-year basis our FAD CapEx by about $5 million at the midpoint. That is Le Groupe Maurice now incorporated into the forecast. Of course, that's SHOP asset. When you look through the second quarter, particularly at SHOP on FAD CapEx spend year-on-year, it is higher year-on-year. I would point to timing very much on that. So, our full-year outlook hasn't changed in regards to the core of the base FAD CapEx. It’s really this time within the year.
Nick Yulico: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, just last question is on, you know, I think the number of assets changed in the same-store for SHOP and I know you had some – you know I’m just trying to kind of reconcile the overall SHOP portfolio. I know you transitioned, you said some triple-net TSL, and then, it looks like you’re also, you know, you lowered the number of assets in the same-store for SHOP, and then, I think you also have some higher amount of assets that are now intended for disposition versus last quarter, so if you could just kind of reconcile that, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Bob Probst: Yes. You bet. And there’s a lot going on as you readily say. I though the – the topic sentence I would make is that, the vast majority of our assets are in the same-store pool, and there’s also a table that reconciles what’s in and what’s out, but over 90% is in the pool. Now, within that, there are certainly some changes. So, for example, in the guidance for dispositions, I highlighted an incremental $100 million, particularly as a result of SHOP non-core dispose and that's incremental and new to the guidance. So, that’s approximately 10 assets. Those have been taken out of the same-store pool and are in advanced stages of negotiations. So that’s an important change. And as also noted, transitions within triple-net between business model, particularly from triple-net to SHOP also occurred and notably with ESL. So, those are all in the midst of that reconciliation and new quarter-over-quarter.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And is there any benefit to full-year SHOP same-store performance by, you know, selling those assets?
Bob Probst: Not material.
Nick Yulico : Okay, thank you.
Bob Probst: You bet.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vikram Malhotra : Thanks for taking the question. So, just two quick ones. Just going back to SHOP, so you’ve narrowed the range towards the bottom. If I look out, I know the five-year is different from today, but you do have a pretty good handle on supply, as you highlighted, for the next three years. I’m just hoping you can give us some sort of trajectory whether it's hey, this is the next three years, and then, we’re assuming x in year four and five. Given you have all the granular data on supply and demand, can you just give us some incremental color on kind of how you see this five-year progressing in terms of trajectory?
Debra Cafaro: Vikram, hi. This is Debi. I’m so glad that this is a topic of interest and you were able to really appreciate all the data analytics and the detail that we provided for you at Investor Day. So, Bob will answer your question, but…
Bob Probst: Yes. So, there was a bit of incremental news today and that we shared the 15% improvement in supply deliveries next year as our expectation. We showed at the Investor Day 35% over a two-year horizon. So, as you go into 2021 even more improvement on deliveries, and of course, at the same time you’ll see the increasing demand both on the underlying population and penetration. So, that together begins to accelerate in 2021, 2022, 2023 and beyond. And so, the slope of the curve will follow that in terms of our NOI. I emphasize again, next year, we’ll talk about occupancy inflexion in the back half of the year. Of course, we continue to have to work through the deliveries, but it's really an occupancy commentary. But again, I keep coming back to the five-year confidence and we really remain very confident in that and have insights to give us that confidence.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. Would it be fair to say that since you have a pretty good view on the next three years, year four and five you’re just sort of assuming continuation of demand and maybe somewhat of acceleration in year four and five from year one and three?
Bob Probst: Yes, indeed, indeed. The slope will accelerate in the latter years of that five year, no question.
Vikram Malhotra : Okay, okay. And then, just on the Duke MOB deal, I just want to clarify, is it an MOB? Is it sort of a mix between R&I and MOB? You did pay a sub-5 cap rate and I believe just my talking to brokers there was a decent amount interest in that asset. So, can you give us some more color? Was there a bigger, broader rationale? Are there other growth opportunities within the asset or just broadly with the system?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, thank you. So, it’s a 5.5 cap, it’s a new asset, long-term lease with few [indiscernible] and affiliated physician group. I think importantly it is showing this convergence of academic medicine and research and innovation. We have a nearby research and innovation building that really was built for Duke researchers and Duke Health faculty where they are conducting translational science that is used to cure and treat illness. And so, I really like the acquisition for many reasons certainly on its own as a good risk adjusted return, but importantly, because it both expands our relationship with Duke and it really shows us convergence that we saw at Penn and that we’re seeing here between medicine and the research and innovation business.
Vikram Malhotra: Just to clarify, that’s 5.5 GAP right, not cash?
Debra Cafaro: It is because it has – it’s a 100% lease and it has a 13-year lease with 2.2% annual cash escalators. So, that’s why we think it’s a good risk adjusted returning investment for us.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. Bob, I wanted to see if we could talk a little bit about supply again. And I know in the NIC data that came out a few weeks ago kind of showed that deliveries were fairly consistent in the first half of this year, but it’s supposed to spike in the second half before moderating again in 2020. With your work that you guys have been doing in your portfolio, do you see something similar to that? Or do you think that you’re going to see a much smaller uptick in the second half of this year?
Chris Cummings: Yes. This is Chris Cummings, Senior Vice President of Asset Management for Senior Housing. I’ll take that one. So, as we look at the supply forecast, we’re really looking at a combination of data sources, including NIC as well as others, and I think what we’re seeing is a consistent pattern in the back half that we’re seeing in the front half in terms of deliveries.
Michael Carroll : Okay. And then, I guess – I guess, Bob or Chris, if you're looking at the – your supplement and the data that you provide about the construction and process pipeline within your portfolio, it does seem like it increased a little bit in the second quarter versus the first quarter. I'm assuming you're describing the NIC data there, I mean I guess, with the work that you guys have done has that increased somewhere to what you're seeing, or is that a little bit different?
Chris Cummings: Yes, this is Chris again. I’ll take that one. So, what you're seeing is really a factor of the pool change that we talked about. If you look at the same pool first quarter to second quarter, you would have seen a similar decline of 30 basis points to 40 basis points as you saw in the NIC reported data.
Michael Carroll : Yes. I was referring to the construction and process pipeline within your supplement. Your supply sheet showed that there’s 6.5% of developments that are in process right now versus the 1Q 2019 supplement, which showed 5.9%. So, within that data set that you provided, and assumed to that supply or construction activity increased a little bit.
Chris Cummings: Yes. And we’re referring to the same Mike. So, the phenomena here is that as the pool changes and you take assets out of certain markets, the denominator changes so the percentage change.
Michael Carroll: Okay. 
Chris Cummings: Now and that’s – it’s really that. I would step back and say, so the NIC data, as you know, gets revised as we look at our data, it really hasn't changed in terms of the outlook on supply, as I mentioned, from where we were 30 days ago very, very consistent. So, nothing new to report on supply from our perspective.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Perfect. And then, I guess last question, can you talk a little bit about the flu season? I know it was a little bit longer this year compared to the past several years? I mean, did that impact your results at all?
Bob Probst: Not in the second quarter. It was a little bit of a storm in a teacup, I'd say because it started out pretty aggressively and it was a fast tail, as we described it, but then, it went away pretty quickly, so a non-event in the quarter.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John Kim : Thank you. Can I ask a couple of questions on guidance? So, you maintained your same-store NOI guidance, you know, office was trending higher, SHOP is trending lower, why not change the component if you think that’s going to be the case? Is that just a policy issue? And also, are those two items going to potentially offset each other? Or is the total same-store NOI trending above or below midpoint?
Bob Probst: Yes. Whether it’s a policy it might be a, I’ll call it a framework, a guardrail. And so far, just quarter-to-quarter guidance I don't think should change on the segment level, barring something unique material. So, qualitatively giving you a sense for where we’re headed and to our changing the range in the light of a material changes is our framework for sure from here. We think that's good for the investors as well. And as you say, some within segment higher end or lower end, but again, on average and in total sticking to the range we gave in February.
John Kim : Okay. And then can I ask what you're expecting as far as SHOP occupancy for the second half of the year? And then, separately, but within guidance still, what is your assumption on the base rate of the Colony loans just given LIBOR has been trending down?
Bob Probst: I’ll do the first one. So, guidance, if you get on the P&L for what we said in February, we are still holding true, and on the occupancy line, that was flat to down 50 basis points year-over-year, and we’re still holding to that number down through the P&L. So, as I mentioned whether its costs rate occupancy, it’s really shaping up through the P&L very much in line with the range we gave initially.
John Kim: And …
Debra Cafaro: And regarding Colony – regarding Colony, we were just taking it at about 9%.
John Kim: Great, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chad Vanacore with Stifel. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good morning. This is [Paul] for Chad. So, my first question is regarding the $9 million warrants coming from Paragon. Could you remind us of that particular transaction and how it was structured?
Debra Cafaro : Yes. we basically had an investment in the equity of Paragon, which is one of our tenants in our UMB knowledge community, and that is a high-quality tenant. It was recently acquired for $1 billion to $2 billion and evaluation on the warrants was obviously at a lower level and when the transaction closed, we were able to gain the difference between the strike and the valuation. And so, we were very happy to receive those cash proceeds and it really does show the quality of our R&I business once again.
Unidentified Analyst: Would you say that’s like an equity for [indiscernible] type arrangements? And do you have other similar equity investment in your R&I portfolio that could potentially add to your earnings down the road?
Debra Cafaro : Thank you. Yes. I mean basically it’s just like an option and we have maybe a handful of these little things kicking around in the office business and they may or may not come to fruition over time, but it does really point out the good tenancy that we have and the opportunity that we have in office business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that’s helpful. So, my second question is regarding the triple-net senior living assets, so it looks like you sold six assets in the second quarter, are these Brookdale assets?
Bob Probst: Yes, that is correct. They were Brookdale assets and we have approximately $100 million of Brookdale dispositions in our guidance and that was about $25 million of the $100 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, you still maybe like two-thirds of those that is yet to be sold?
Debra Cafaro: There are few more assets remaining in our agreement with them that are being marketed for sale.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, it looks like the triple-net coverage dipped a little bit in the second quarter. Could you tell us what the Holiday coverage is like and what its ESL prior to this transition?
Debra Cafaro: You know, as we mentioned at Investor Day, Holiday is at 1.6 fixed charge coverage and regarding the triple-net coverage, its, you know, as we expected when we reported last quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: In your press release you said that you're not looking to modify the Holiday deeds. Would you like to attach a timeframe for that? Is this the strategy to kind of weigh for the upturning of the market? 
Debra Cafaro: We’re in going to have to move on just so we are courteous to the other callers, but we’re in a good spot there and have lots of options, a good portfolio and a good lease. So, we’re going to have to move on, but thank you for your questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Daniel Bernstein with Capital One. Please proceed.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi, good morning. Just a follow-up on some of the lease coverage, do you expect lease coverage in the triple-net seniors housing portfolio to tick back up once complete asset sales?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Dan. This is Debi. I think that what we can say about the triple-net portfolio, remember, is a lagging indicator. It’s a trailing 12 months indicator that is reported one month in a year. So, as we go through this protracted housing cycle and then when we get in the powerful upside, you should see that coverage again trend down as it has been, and then, over time trend up again. But basically, it will be behind the way you report your P&L and your SHOP assets, which is immediate. And so, that will take I think – that cycle is a long-dated cycle. That will take years really to play out and it will pick up again over time as the senior housing business benefits from demand and we achieve this powerful upside, which affects both the SHOP operators as well as the triple-net operators.
Daniel Bernstein: Are you looking at that – does that – your comments just now apply both to the independent living and assisted living? If you look at some of the NIC data, maybe the data that you have on your particular portfolio is a little bit different, but, you know, independent living construction seems a little bit more elevated now than assisted living and the triple-net portfolio, you can correct me if I’m wrong, is a little bit more tilted toward independent living than AL. So, do the comments apply both to AL or IL? Or do you have, you know, some tilt in those comments, you know, towards assisted living?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. With our proprietary data analytics and our experience, you know, you’re sophisticated enough to see that within senior housing. Those two sub-segments may have also their own separate riming cycles, but I’m talking now about the whole, do we do look at those individually, but we’re talking now about the whole of senior living. And I think the main point is that you may see operating improvement in the assets before you see coverage start to cycle back up, and that’s our expectation.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay, okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jordan Sadler : Thanks, good morning.
Debra Cafaro : Good morning.
Jordan Sadler : So, just wanted a follow-up on the – how are you? I wanted to just follow-up on the cash same-store NOI trending a little bit lower. Bob, I think you’re – so you're expecting – you are expecting some improvement. I think you were talking about sort of easy comps on a REVPOR basis. Can you just sort of help me understand what's going – what else is going on from sort of an occupancy and expense perspective sequentially as we head into the second half of the year that gives you the confidence that will kind of – that sort of deterioration that we saw sequentially year-over-year’s deterioration will sort of moderate?
Bob Probst: Yes. So, let me talk about sequential first. Sequentially, if you look at SHOP senior housing, there's always a seasonal dollar sequential decline, first half, second half and that’s more days or PTO over time, high utilities. So, seasonally, we expect first half to second half dollars to be lower as it is every year, nothing new to report there. Year-over-year is really where the discussion is because that takes that out. And looking at the P&L, again, occupancy within that 0 basis points to 50 basis points range I mentioned, REVPOR strengthening as a result of lapping prior year. At the same time, OpEx [2 to 3] is still a good number for the year, basically implying that. We’re going to see some of that labor wage pressure coming through in the back half of the year. All of which nets out to the lower end of the range for the full year and a pretty consistent performance NOI is the first half.
Jordan Sadler: Okay.
Bob Probst: Hope that answers your question?
Jordan Sadler : Yes, that’s helpful. And then, looking at the – just the triple-net portfolio overall, triple-net revenue declining sequentially. I assume the BKD sales may have been a portion, I have to look at the timing there, and then, there was some transitions that you talked about in the quarter, I guess that ESL. How much of the $10 million bucket of restructurings that you sort of laid out was used up in the quarter, if any? And then, is it just those BKD sales and the transitions that were driving that decline in triple-net revenue?
Bob Probst: Yes. So, let me talk about the $10 million. For the year, $3 million crystallized year-to-date, principally second quarter and facing of the balance of the $10 million, call it $3.5 million each quarter, Q2, Q3. So, that's how the $10 million plays out and certainly the transition to ESL is a part of that in the second quarter when that was consummated. In terms of dollars, sequential, you’re pointing to the right items. If that – if it’s kind of total revenue, those are definitely drivers.
Jordan Sadler: No other one times to point to then?
Bob Probst: No.
Jordan Sadler : Okay.
Debra Cafaro: Okay.
Jordan Sadler: And then, lastly, can I give you one quick one for you, Deb, on investment.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Jordan Sadler: I know you guys are convicted on the same-store growth and the five-year outlook, which is obviously pretty impressive numbers and would be, I think, the best in your portfolio over that period. So, should we expect as you – as you’re sort of focusing on investment that you would ramp your investment in U.S. SHOP opportunities in the near term?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, one of the benefits of our enterprises and we have invested about $3 billion a year since 2010 or 2009. One of the benefits of our enterprise is that its broad, it’s diverse; we have [complained] different part of the capital stack. And so, we are constantly evaluating opportunities across our verticals and what’s up and down the capital stack to make good risk adjusted returns. And so, I think you’ll see that across the board as you have this quarter with development in R&I, with the Le Groupe Maurice investment and with our interesting trophy office asset. So, you’ll see us invest across the board.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: That’s a great – I mean we have a great business to be able to do that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Derek Johnston: Hi, good morning everybody. Thank you. 
Debra Cafaro : Hi.
Derek Johnston: Actually, all my questions were answered. I thought I queued out, my apologies, but thank you and have a great day.
Bob Probst : Thank you.
Debra Cafaro : Thank you for your courtesy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. Just a quick numbers question. Was the $0.02 of warrant income in prior FFO guidance, and is anything similar baked into the implied 2H guidance?
Bob Probst: No. This is Bob. No, that was not baked in to guidance. Obviously, that's $0.02, and we don't have anything new like the warrants in our guidance.
Michael Mueller: Got it. That was it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from Nick Joseph of Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, Michael Bilerman. Just two questions. The first, if you could just maybe unpack all the positives and negatives on a per share basis to the guidance change and you clearly had the investments that you made for the colony loan, Groupe Maurice, the Duke asset, the earlier timing on the equity to fund that to some dilution inside equity stays on your balance sheet, you talked about weaker core in the SHOP that our office, you just mentioned the $0.02 addition on the Paragon, lower cap rate on the sales, if you can just sort of tally up, here are the cents that are positive and here are cents that are negative that equal the positive three that would be helpful? And then I had a follow up after that.
Debra Cafaro: Good line [indiscernible] Michael, but we will streamline it for everyone.
Bob Probst: I’ll try to simplify it down. So, colony clearly not an original guidance, now in, we talked about that being $0.05 for a full-year of leverage neutral. So, this is half year called [$0.025] [indiscernible]. The partial offsets include the equity drag because we funded early on LGM and property insurance premiums, which I noted in the prepared remarks. We have renewal in this very tight market and each of those are about a penny that gets those $0.03 at the midpoint.
Michael Bilerman: And then you're seeing in the SHOP and the office negate each other from a per share perspective.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, the constant same-store property is consistent.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And then just trying to, if you go back to SHOP, you had your Investor Day in mid-June, I guess at what point did the SHOP start to underperform your full-year expectations? Was it a 2Q issues, or is it as you reforecast post Investor Day that the second half either from a rate occupancy and expense perspective was different from what you forecasted in February, because it feels as though things have moved faster to the negative in a short-period of time from a forecasting perspective, which then calls them to question the confidence in, and I understand this price coming down in 2020 and 2021, but if you can’t get the numbers accurate in the short-period of time, what sort of confidence can we and investors have about the go-forward?
Bob Probst: Yes. And Michael, if you were sitting in around the table here over the last six months there is really no news in terms of SHOP in our expectation, and so we haven't seen a change. Everything right through the P&L is very much in-line with guidance in February. And there is a range of course and we’re within that range. So, there is absolutely nothing that’s changed in our view since Investor Day. There is nothing that’s changed for our outlook and if there were, we would have said something when we stood up in front of you a month ago. So, our conviction remains the same.
Michael Bilerman: Are you trending towards the low end of the range you provided in February and sort of showcase late last year, right? I mean there is a change…?
Debra Cafaro: [Indiscernible] higher on others and the most important point is that as a company, everything is in line kind of with our company range and within the ranges by segment. So, very consistent with our February outlook and in the SHOP case as Bob said, really even on the line-items and that should – and does continue to give us confidence not only in our full-year forecast, but also in the multi-year framework that we laid out at Investor Day. So, as I said, I think it’s really a great time to be at Ventas, it’s a great time to invest in Ventas. We have a lot of opportunity, we’re excited, and we’re in-line with what we expect expected for 2019 or even better $0.03 at the midpoint. So, we're feeling good about that and I hope everyone…
Michael Bilerman: I get all that. And Ventas was an organization and you have all the levers to be able to pull the growth, and so I'm just focusing on the shop piece because it was a big part of Investor Day and being at the lower end of the range, it seems like a change at least on that piece and I'm just trying to understand if it was something particular in the second quarter that would have caused it or something that you saw in the back half of the year that would allow you to trend lower at least on the Shop thing. All of the other things that you guys are doing from an enterprise perspective you're not just a SHOP company, I get that, investors get that, but I'm just trying to understand the change when it happened and why it happened?
Bob Probst: There is no change in our view again. We were down year-over-year in the first quarter 2.2%, 2.9% in the second quarter. The profile of the P&L very similar and everything within the original expectation. So, again, I can only say, it’s very much as we expected.
Michael Bilerman: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: Alright. So, I think Michael that you are last but not least questioner, and I really want to thank everyone for their time and interest in Ventas. I hope everybody has a great rest of the summer and we will look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2019 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Juan Sanabria. Sir, you may begin.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks, Lauren. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions in certain other forward statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward- looking statements to reflect any changes and expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and the company's other SEC filings. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measures referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Juan, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. I want to welcome you to the Ventas' first quarter 2019 earnings call. I'm happy to be joined on today's call by my outstanding Ventas colleagues. We are delighted with our strong start to the year. During today's call, I'd like to describe some specific areas of excellence, performance and focus for the company, comment on market trends, and discuss our pivot to growth. Let me begin with our excellent company-wide performance. I'm very pleased that we delivered $0.99 of normalized FFO for the quarter. Our property portfolio delivered solid same-store growth. Our cash flow was strong, and our balance sheet was even stronger, some terrific capital markets activity. We are also today reaffirming our guidance issued in February. Our skilled and tenured team continues to be positive, cohesive, and actively focused on delivering 2019 performance, and driving our pivot to growth. I was struck again this quarter by the resilience of our large diversified business that's expected to generate approximately $2 billion in net operating income during the year. That indisputable demographic demand for our businesses, which is in the very preliminary stages of asserting itself, the broad-based investment opportunities we have across our verticals, our best-in-class financial conditions, our experience in proactive and effective asset management, our relationships with outstanding universities, partners and leading care providers, and the bright future ahead for Ventas. It is easy to recognize these immense strengths while also acknowledging that we continue to feel the effects in our senior housing business of elevated openings of new communities as the industry works its way through the timing mismatch between delivery and demand. Turning to some proof points for my optimism and confidence, our office business, which should produce over $550 million in annual NOI and it's the focus of our investment activity, turned in an excellent quarter. It delivered 3.8% same-store cash growth, hit multiple milestones, received numerous prestigious recognitions, and proved out its value in attractiveness. Let me illustrate with a few examples. First, our completed developments are succeeding. Our trophy downtown San Francisco MOB is open, and 83% percent leased, principally to double A-rated slaughterhouse, and our new 3675 Market Street asset at Penn's [ph] Campus is already 92% leased within months of its opening. 3675 recently attracted a publicly-traded global biotechnology company, who wants to relocate, so it can collaborate with UPenn's genetic researchers. Second, our in progress previously announced developments are hitting their stride, as we broke ground on the $77 million development at Arizona State biomedical campus in Phoenix, 0.225 our Brown-related Research & Innovation project is expected to open in the second-half of 2019, and we signed a lease with Ascension to occupy a 100% of our medical office building in Panama City, Florida, which we have begun to redevelop for them following last year's hurricane. Third, we acquired a high quality Research & Innovation asset in April for a $128 million. This desirable fee [ph] simple lab building is near MIT and Harvard in the Cambridge market. We expect to see significant rent growth in this asset, which also offers us a window on the Cambridge life science cluster market, one of the most desirable real estate markets in the U.S. We also effectuated the seamless re-tenanting of 250,000 square feet of research space to Yale University. Yale immediately replaced a corporate tenant in our world-class research building adjacent to Yale's campus for a 25-year term, so it could utilize the space for its STEM initiative and collaborate with the Yale School of Medicine. Yale has now become our second largest R&I tenant. Finally, we continue to make tangible progress on the balance of our $1.5 billion research and innovation development pipeline and expect to reach significant additional milestones for a large portion of these identified projects through the balance of this year. We are also confident that substantially all of our $1.5 billion pipeline will be commenced within the next 15 months. We're also making considerable advances in our triple net lease business, which grew same-store cash results over 2% in the first quarter. Expected to generate over $750 million in NOI, this diversified business continues to grow, driven by annual lease escalators, improving performance by certain tenants, and our continued investment in our property, partially offset by modest anticipated lease modifications or asset transitions. A few key accomplishments and themes to note in the triple net portfolio, we and Brookdale are successfully collaborating and implementing the agreements we reached in 2018. First, we've committed $36 million in capital for approved projects to enhance the quality and competitiveness of our Brookdale lease communities at a 7% return. And second, we are jointly marketing and expect to sell over 20 assets in the portfolio for proceeds exceeding $120 million. We also executed a very attractive five-year lease extension with Genesis HealthCare recently through 2026. The Genesis extension is on the same rental and escalation terms as the existing lease. It also retained the Genesis' corporate guarantee, a sizable security deposit and a guarantee of their rent by a credit worthy third party. This favorable transaction demonstrates our proactive asset management approach and capabilities. We are applying this experience and capabilities to other portions of our triple net portfolio. We are on track to complete a series of transactions in the portfolio that in the aggregate should offset our triple net leased NOI by approximately $10 million this year. Regarding our lease of 26 assets with holiday retirement, operations appear to be stabilizing and slightly improving. It expects it's pro forma to fixed charge coverage to be about 1.15 times at year end inclusive of the guarantor. The management team appears to be energized and have a renewed focus on the company and operation. Turning to our relationships with leading care providers, I'd like to highlight that Ardent had an outstanding fourth quarter and its continuing operations and we are delighted with his performance. We are also encouraged that Medicare has proposed a nearly 4% effective rate increase for hospitals in fiscal year 2020, which commences later this year. This increase is very positive for the sector. Kindred is also performing well and its results trended positively through year-end as its operational strategies have taken hold. In the long-term acute care space, Kindred continue to be a market leader who is able to attract and care for medically complex compliant patient. The Medicare rate proposal for LTACs that was recently released includes a favorable 2.3% rate increase for compliant patient. Atria continues to be a best-in-class senior care provider. It is nice to see that other developers and institutional owners agree as Atria is experiencing significantly increasing demand for its services and capabilities, including Atria's development partnership was related to operate high end senior housing in major market. Our one-third ownership in Atria enables us to benefit from Atria's success and maturation, which we embrace because it builds value and sustainability for the company. We hope to duplicate that success with middle market operator, ESL, over time. Moving to our investment activity, we continue to see quality investment opportunities in the market across our asset classes. I believe strongly in our ability to reignite external investment volume on top of our robust, research and innovation development that will drive future growth at Ventas. When we look at the investment environment, we segment opportunities roughly into three categories. First, low cap rate, private pay and high quality assets like our Trophy Battery Park Senior Living Community in New York City, which is performing well and our recently acquired Research Act that in Cambridge the second category consists of higher yielding or opportunistic investments that arise episodically or investments where Ventas has superior understanding of the asset or a unique relationship or a market position. And third, classic medical office and senior housing investments where we can use our enhanced knowledge of the market, data, relationships and other competitive advantages to underwrite and integrate attractive portfolios. Executing on all three avenues over the years has produced significant accretion and value creation and we intended to continue this approach. Next, a word on senior housing trends, through the first quarter, we are encouraged by the recently reported continued improvement in senior living starts. In the top 99 market, starts were at their lowest level since the third quarter of 2012 and down 55% from the peak start level achieved in mid-2015. Even more notably, we are seeing early, but unmistakable signs of demographic demand, manifesting in the sector. The year-over-year growth in occupied unit in the top 99 markets at 2.7% is the highest since Q3 2014 and close to its highest point ever. In the primary market, annual absorption growth in the first quarter was 3%, the highest on record. Construction as a percentage of inventory remains elevated, but is improving gradually. As a result of these positive trends and the forward growth rate in our customer demographic, the supply demand equation will flip in our favor in the future after we work our way through absorption of the current excess supply, creating a powerful cyclical upside. The coming improvement in the senior housing cycle represents a key underpinning to our company's pivot to growth. The other pillars are organic portfolio growth in the rest of our business. The NOI expected from a research and innovation development pipeline and accretive external acquisitions. The whole team at Ventas brings us optimism, strength and skill to the table as we optimize the current environment and focus on capturing the significant opportunities ahead. In closing, the current economic expansion is on pace to be the longest ever shortly. As it inevitably winds down, Ventas is well-positioned. With our growth prospects, resilient diversified business model, need based assets, solid dividend yield, outstanding balance sheet and demographic demand story, Ventas is a great place to invest. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debbie. I'm happy to report a fair start to the year with solid property level growth from our high quality portfolio of seniors housing, office and healthcare real estate. Our total property portfolio delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 1.1% in the first quarter with the office and triple net leading the way in all of our segments performing in line with our expectations. Let me detail our first quarter performance and 2019 guidance starting with shop. Our shop business cash same-store NOI decreased 2.2% versus prior year within the range of full-year expectations. Q1 same-store occupancy was solid at 86.6% as a result of share gains and expansion in demand. The first quarter occupancy gap versus prior year represented a modest 20 basis point decline and compares favorably to a year over year occupancy gap that averaged 80 basis points for the full-year of 2018. Meanwhile Q1 REVPOR grew 30 basis points. January 29 in place renting care increases to existing tenants were healthy, partially offset by releasing spreads which continued to be impacted by price competition. However REVPOR in the balance of the year may benefit from lapping heightened discounting in the second-half of 2018. Operating expenses grew a modest 1.2%. Our leading operators did a terrific job adeptly managing staffing levels and driving efficiencies. Operating expenses including management fees were also favorable given aligned incentives for growth with our operators. At the market level, we continue to see NOI increases in our traditional strongholds including Los Angeles and Canada. This strength is mitigated by lower NOI in markets affected by new competition, most notably Atlanta, Chicago and Detroit. We note that although this year's flu was more modest than last year, this season's activity has extended longer and later. We are monitoring the potential impact in the key second quarter selling season. We're maintaining our full-year same-store shop NOI guidance of flat to modest 3%. Big picture though we are in the midst of elevated new openings, we are keeping our eyes on the horizon, improving construction starts, accelerating demand and operating leverage underscore our conviction of the powerful upside in a senior housing recovery. Moving on to our highly valuable office segment, which includes our university-based, research and innovation and medical office businesses and now represents 27% of our NOI. We note our office contribution to total NOI has expanded by 12 percentage points over the past five years. Our office segment delivered terrific same-store cash NOI growth of 3.8% in the first quarter. The R&I business took the lead increasing Q1 same-store cash NOI exciting 13%. Q1 benefited from a lease termination fee of $1.9 million from Alexion whose space was backfilled [indiscernible] with a 25-year term and enhanced credit terms in credit quality. Adjusted for this item R&I increased 6% driven by occupancy gains of 70 basis points and attractive lease-up at our Duke and Wake Forest assets together with revenue per occupied square foot increasing 5.1%. We affirm our full-year guidance of 3% to 4% for R&I same-store NOI and expect some same-store quarter-to-quarter lumpiness driven by timing of lease up activity. Turning to our Medical Office business, MOB same-store NOI I grew 1.1% in the first quarter growth was 1.5% for the quarter. Right at the midpoint of our MOB guidance range after adjusting for a prior year Q1 lease modification benefit. Our team did an excellent job managing occupancy with tenant retention exceeding 87% in the first quarter. Pete Bulgarelli now one year at the helm within our office business is making tangible moves to positively affect the MLB performance arc. Enhancing our leasing capabilities and processes a sharp focus on customer satisfaction and early wins in redevelopment are a few examples. On a combined basis, we continue to expect our office portfolio of R&I and MOB assets to increase 2019 same-store cash NOI in the range of 1.5% to 2.5%. On to our triple-net segment where same-store cash NOI increased by 2.2% for the first quarter driven by rent escalations. Trailing 12 month EBITDARM cash flow coverage for our overall stabilized triple-net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2018, the latest available information remained stable with prior quarter at 1.5 times. Trailing 12 month coverage in our triple-net same-store seniors housing portfolio was 1.2 times in the current reporting period. As rent coverage is a lagging measure, we expect to see future coverage around down to 1.1 times with current industry conditions. In our post-acute portfolio, trailing 12 month cash flow coverage was stable at 1.4 times. Finally, Ardent delivered terrific results in 2018, driving rent coverage to expand to a robust 3 times. We continue to estimate that our triple-net portfolio will grow 2019 same-store cash NOI in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%. Consistent with our previous guidance, rent escalators are expected to be partially offset by $10 million in NOI reductions from lease modifications with certain smaller senior housing operators. Now turning to our overall company financial results and our 2019 guidance, normalized FFO per share in the first quarter was $0.99, it was achieved together with an even stronger balance sheet. We again demonstrated capital markets excellence in the quarter. We issued $700 million in bonds with an average of 16 year duration at an attractive 4.1%. Thereby extending our maturity profile and reducing our floating rate debt exposure. Our new commercial paper program is off to a great start and it's proving to be a very cost effective way to financers' short term working capital needs. And $100 million of equity issued under our ATM program efficiently funded our Cambridge Life Sciences acquisition. As a result of these actions, net debt to adjusted EBITDA improved 10 basis points sequentially to a robust 5.5 times in Q1. And our financial strength and flexibility is in top shape. Also of note in the quarter was the adoption of the new accounting leasing standard. Its effects include establishing an operating lease asset and liability exceeding $200 million, recasting revenues and expenses with no effect on NOI and $0.02 per share in incremental leasing costs for the full-year, reflected in SG&A expenses and incorporated in our guidance. That's a good segue to our 2019 guidance for the company. We are pleased to reaffirm both our property cash NOI same-store guidance as well as our expected 2019 normalized FFO per share of $3.75 to $3.85. We expect to receive at the midpoint of the year $500 million in asset dispositions and receipt of loan repayments used to fund $500 million of redevelopments and developments principally focused behind the R&I pipeline. This capital recycling is diluted in 2019, but delivers attractive future growth in value creation. At our guidance midpoint implied FFO per share over the balance of the year is $0.94 per quarter on average. The expected $0.05 difference versus our $0.99 in the first quarter is simply described by $0.01 of non-recurring fees in Q1, $0.02 of high yielding dispositions used to fund R&I development and the balance is typical sharp seasonality This is consistent with previous guidance. Finally as is customary, guidance does not include unidentified acquisitions and also assumes approximately $362 million weighted average fully diluted shares. To close the Ventas team is very pleased with our start to the year and is committed to execute with excellence against our strategic initiatives in 2019. We also hope to see you all at our Investor Day on June 17 and July 18 in Philadelphia where we will bring to light the quality of our assets, our operators and partners, and our Ventas team. With that, I'll hand it to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Nicholas Joseph with Citi. Your line is open.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. Debbie, you discussed the three buckets of deals, what's the long-term balance between low corporate opportunistic and more traditional MOB senior housing assets?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think you stated properly, which is, there's a balance, and that balance in any given market may change. I think that basically between your first and third buckets, which is the low cap rate and then the attractive portfolios of MOB in senior housing, that would be anywhere from, call it, 50% to 75%, and then the opportunistic would be, call it, a quarter of it.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. And then if you look at the current acquisition pipeline, how does it break down between those three buckets and where are the best risk adjusted returns today?
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Again, it varies in different markets. Right now, our number one capital allocation priority is really the research and innovation pipeline, and that's clearly at the top of the list, and then I would say our pipeline breaks down along -- generally along the lines I described.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Yulico: Good morning. I was hoping to hear a little bit more about the Cambridge deal. This is more traditional lab space than you've previously owned. Is this a change in strategy where you're looking to focus more on traditional lab space within your R&I segment?
Debra Cafaro: It was a good opportunity for a quality asset in a great market with potential rent growth at a size where it can give us a nice window on that market. We do view it as adjacent or related to our existing university strategy, given the type of tenants who are collaborating with MIT and Harvard.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then in terms of I guess the larger portfolio deals you might be looking at, how does that opportunity set look today? And you talked a lot about senior housing at some point flipping in your favor in the future, and so, I guess I'm wondering as does that mean that now the attention will focus even more on trying to get senior housing acquisition opportunities?
Debra Cafaro: Our pipeline is typically across all the asset classes, and obviously we do see the upside in senior housing and certainly would invest in that sector. Our priorities are as described.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then just lastly, Bob, I want to go back to the triple net lease coverage in senior housing, I think you said that, you gave a preview in that, you expect it to move from 1.2% to 1.1% since it's been a bit of a lagging metric that we see, and I guess what I'm wondering then is you do have the $10 million of lease modifications in guidance, but then when we look at the portfolio and when we look at the bucket that has coverage of below 1.1%, it's about 13% of the company's NOI, and so just wondering how much of the lease modifications in guidance address that pool of assets where the coverage is lower? And then, what point -- you talked about Holiday, you know, sounds like things are improving there, but I mean should we not be assuming that there is a lease modification needed at Holiday at some point? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Well, there is a lot in there. I would say again because the lease coverage is a lagging indicator. We expect to rounding down at some point as the cycle bottoms, and the primary driver of it is really Brook deal, and the $10 million obviously would improve it, but it's really that's a rounding error in the whole calculation. It's so small.
Nick Yulico: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Vikram Malhotra: I wanted to just get a sense of, sort of, how you're viewing the radar [ph] trajectory from here. I noticed sort of on a same-store basis, occupancy was probably at a low point where we've seen recent trends, but the expense growth was lower as well. Can you kind of talk about how you see the expense trajectory trending through the year and how much of that may have been a low occupancy function?
Bob Probst: Sure. I'll take that one. Good morning. So you're right, we had a great quarter in terms of OpEx growth, a little over 1%. Our guidance for the year, you'll recall was 2% to 3%. So particularly good in the first quarter, a few drivers in the quarter continue to flex the volume of labor in light of occupancy, so that lever continues. Indirect costs manage very, very well is the second bucket I would highlight for example utilities where - new procurement contracts have been signed up are benefiting that line, and then just alignment with our operators in terms of profit growth. Those are the three buckets I'd highlight 2% to 3% still feels like the right number for the year underlying wage pressure trends haven't changed for example, but it certainly was a good quarter.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. And then just a bigger picture, I mean you've talked a lot about the research and innovation, the MOB, the office segment as a full, there have been several portfolios that have recently created probably a few more in the marketplace, just sort of wondering how do you look at those portfolios relative to sort of the development opportunity which you've outlined very nicely kind of what cause you to maybe stay away or was it just pricing cut away from you?
John Cobb: This is John Cobb. And I think you should assume that we look at all those deals, we evaluate every single one both from the medical office side and the senior housing side. And we're exploring about the R&I developments but also look at acquisitions as you saw this quarter.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. And then just last one if you can clarify the transaction expenses went up, is that all Cambridge-related for the year?
Debra Cafaro: They went down.
John Cobb: For the outlook is I think your point and there's some transition costs embedded in that that have gone up in terms of addressing some of these triple net smaller operators. So that's in the outlook for the year.
Vikram Malhotra: Oh, got it. Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thank you. On the investment buckets, the opportunistic higher yielding buckets, is it possible to give some characteristics of what this may entail whether it's public or private, which property type or what geography it maybe in?
Debra Cafaro: There is a little feedback on the line.
John Kim: Is that better?
Debra Cafaro: Could you identify yourself again and ask the question again?
John Kim: Sure. It's John Kim from BMO. I wanted to know on the investment buckets if you could provide some characteristics of what the opportunistic high yielding investments may be whether it's public or private, what property type they maybe or what geography?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, John. Good to hear from you. I mean opportunistic by definition are things that pop up that have a variety of characteristics that are not what I would call regular way activities. They can be across the board public or private. For example public is when you know your multiple may - may have a huge advantage over someone else. Typically there are more often private opportunities where we may get a call on something where we have a relationship or we may have particular knowledge about access that enables us to move quickly. I would say even our acquisition of our research and innovation portfolio itself I would call opportunistic in the sense that it was an attractive asset, we had worked on multiple times and at some point John Craig called and said you know can you do this in 30 days. And we said absolutely and we were off to the races. So that's one good example. Another one was when we helped Ardent by a very attractive portfolio and enabled them to double in size with the loan that we made to them that was well-structured in higher yielding and was repaid on time and early actually. And so those are good examples I would say of this - this opportunistic category. I hope that gives you some color and texture what I mean by that.
John Kim: Sure. What about geography as far as domestic versus international or core versus non-core markets?
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Well, International has not typically been in what I would classify as that category, I mean something could be, but typically as you know these international opportunities in healthcare are at very low cap rates, particularly when tax affected. And so I'd be less likely to put it in that category, but of course there could be something from time to time that's in that category.
John Kim: Okay. On the triple-net coverage and the $10 million impacts on lease modifications which was unchanged during the quarter. Is there a likelihood that this increases just given the coverage is coming down? And also can you remind us if that's already reflected in your same-store results?
Bob Probst: John, I'll cover the second question which is there $10 million is really the balance of the year, John.
John Kim: Okay.
Bob Probst: It's the way to think about it, and we're comfortable that that covers these smaller regional operators we talked about both last time and this time for the full $10 million.
John Kim: I guess one last one for me. Is there an update on the Ardent's IPO?
Debra Cafaro: That's a subject that we've agreed between us that that Ardent will address on behalf of both of us.
John Kim: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thank you. Debbie, I wanted to touch on your comments that you had in the prepared remarks saying that you're seeing early signs some of the demographic trends kind of starting to impact the senior living space. Can you highlight what you're actually seeing is that just looking at the population trends or are you actually seeing some stuff on the property levels that's encouraging you?
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Well, I think the absorption or demand, it's really the key green shoot I would call it that we're seeing at record levels in the top 31 markets. And again we're seeing the supply over -- less than half of what it was at the peak. These do not as we know translate into financial results in the current period, but will over time translate into the powerful cyclical upside.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then just real quick, Bob. I just wanted to touch on the €10 million lease amendments. I know there's been several questions already about it, but I just wanted to confirm have you done any of those adjustments in one queue? I guess when is the timing of that €10 million adjustments? Is that in full €10 million, is that just the 2019 impact or is that the run rates going forward?
Bob Probst: That's 2019 impact, Mike, the €10 million really the balance of the year. So I think that is now reflected in the first quarter but affected in the balance of the year. And we have line of sight to basically execute on those by mid-year. So we should see those impacts coming through.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Josh.
Joshua Dennerlein: The term fee in office, the €1.9 million if you backed that out of the office same-store pool what would have been same-store growth there? And then I guess same for the Genesis cash payment and what that would have done to net lease?
Bob Probst: So let me start just in reconfirming. Those are both great deals.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: Whether it'd be Genesis or the Alexion and Yale transactions that you highlighted, really strong credits, really great transactions, which we're really proud of in cash in the bank at the same time, so to answer the question specifically office impact is 150 basis points to the same-store in the quarter, triple-net is 90 basis point impact for the quarter. Triple net it when all's said and done for the full-year it's call it 10 basis point impact on same-store.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Bob Probst: Sure.
Joshua Dennerlein: And then I saw that you guys, it looks like you added a new line item on the income statement under property level operating expenses called triple-net lease. Could you - I guess before the triple-net, we use rental income, it looks like it was a net number. Is this something new going forward or what was sort of changed?
Bob Probst: Yes. So I mentioned we adopted the leasing standard in the quarter…
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay.
Bob Probst: -- that had a number of effects, one of it is we gross up effectively in triple-net where we're reimbursing both revenues and expenses, no NOI impact, things like taxes so that's the geography change you're seeing in the P&L.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Got it, thank you, appreciate that.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Bernstein with Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hey, Dan.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. I just wanted to go back to the lease expenses on seniors housing, the drop on that is it -- how much of that is ESL kind of maybe realigning the expenses from uncropped assets or is that more broad in [indiscernible] across each of your Sunrise operators as well?
Bob Probst: Yes, I think you're referring to operating expenses if I'm right…
Daniel Bernstein: Yes.
Bob Probst: Dan is that correct? Yes.
Daniel Bernstein: Yes.
Bob Probst: So yes, again you're right to say favorable a modest slightly over 1% growth rate in OpEx. We think 2% to 3% for the year. So some things that happened in the core as I mentioned we continue to have some runway on flexing labor volume and at the same time have done a great job managing indirect costs. So that's what's really driving the quarter. But again with wage inflation, we expect to see more like 2% to 3% for the year.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. So it's broader, not just ESL.
Bob Probst: It's - yes, it's broader and telematics.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And then the other question I had is on the MOB assets within office, the NOI growth there's about 1% and the industry is probably doing 2% or 3%. You alluded to some initiatives that you've taken in there to maybe improve that. So I just want to rehash that. And what are those initiatives and kind of what do you think the upside is within that MOB part of your portfolio?
Pete Bulgarelli: Sure. This is Pete Bulgarelli. Great question, glad you asked this. I was hoping for this question, at least hoped for.
Daniel Bernstein: Glad to ask it.
Pete Bulgarelli: Yes. Thanks. One clarification we should make is that if we weren't lapping an event in the first quarter of 2018, it would have been 1.5% growth. So they're right in the midpoint between our guidance. But having said that look we think that heavy tenants are awfully important. They increased our renewal rates, which we're very proud of at 87% and they also are great for word of mouth and leasing. So in the last year we've been able to cut our response times just as an example to work orders by 50% between first quarter of 2018 to first quarter of 2019, which is really enhancing our tenant satisfaction. We've also put a large focus on improving common areas as well as just infrastructure within the building. Some buildings look a bit better and we're very proud to say we just hired a new head of leasing. She comes from Kayos, who led their healthcare practice across the country and she starts May 1. So we're very excited to have all three of those coming together to drive better results.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. So it sounds like maybe once you get past some of that lapping of last year maybe you're back to 1.5% kind of 2% NOI growth…
Pete Bulgarelli: Yes.
Daniel Bernstein: -- with the second-half of this year. Okay.
Pete Bulgarelli: And we're striving to…
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. That's great. That's helpful.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Daniel Bernstein: That's helpful. Thank you.
Pete Bulgarelli: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with SMBC Nikko. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: He's back.
Bob Probst: Hey, Rich.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Rich Anderson: How you're doing? So…
Debra Cafaro: Great.
Rich Anderson: When I was listening to your comments Debbie at the beginning you said the focus of your investment activity is in the office sector. And my first thought was that -- was surprised to hear that not that you haven't said in the past but you guys usually zig when others are zagging, but then I kind of thought about it more and I was thinking perhaps higher yielding opportunistic were just requires more work to get done and takes longer to cross the finish line. Is that kind of what you're thinking that when you think about that more opportunistic high yielding bucket you just have to be a lot more careful about approaching them and hence the probability of completion is lower than the other two?
Debra Cafaro: So I would say that the office is a focus of investment activity because it is performing so well and we have such great advantages and momentum that we're trying to take advantage of especially in the R&I development pipeline. So I think I want to clarify that. In terms of the opportunistic, those can be more complex and take longer but they can also be as I said things have pop up that we can get them really because of our understanding of the market or the asset. So that can go either way.
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: But the important part again is to have a big pipeline, have a diverse pipeline, have good relationships and good understanding of the market, so we can act across the Board.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then just a follow up perhaps on the hospital side, I realized that you had already speak for under IPO but I'm just curious if you are seeing things pop up a little bit more on the acute care hospital segment of the world, with a split Congress and some consideration given to the fact that maybe we're going to be with ACA for a period of time despite what the President says.
Debra Cafaro: We continue to think that the category of health systems and hospitals that we've invested in, we've great management teams, great market share is an area, where we would certainly be willing to commit capital. And Arden has proven to be an excellent and incredible investment for us. And we would do more, but we will continue to be selective in that market. I do believe that we will have the benefits of the Affordable Care Act for a while. I mentioned the 4% effective increase of almost 4% that is being proposed for later in the year. And I also believe that we may see additional Medicaid expansion in certain states which would also be favorable. So those are some good trends I would point to, and we would continue to invest behind that if we had appropriate opportunities to do so.
Rich Anderson: All right, great. Thanks very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Bob Probst: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter.
Debra Cafaro: Hi. Thank you. That was a good one.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, it was. First question, the commentary just around the opportunistic bucket of kind or transactions or investment you could do, I mean I get that and again you guys have been pretty good about doing that I think in the past, I used to kind of call it the rabbit out of the hat that you would pull, but the thing about that is while I think it's great near-term if it's not sustain on a long term bases, you may have these kind of occasional dip in earnings growth. So how do you kind of manage those kinds of two things?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. I think again we've done a good job over time in allocating capital to the three different categories as I described. The opportunistic one is something that could be -- it could be a higher yielding asset as which can be lumpier as you pointed out or it could be something like the life science research and innovation acquisition that I mentioned that really has created a whole new business line for us and has been sustainable and actually has driven and will continue to drive a significant amount of growth. So that category of assets is broader than simply a high yielding category.
Tayo Okusanya: That's helpful. And then could you also talk about the Genesys transaction again…
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Tayo Okusanya: -- it's been a pretty unique structure here as you see in some of your peers either trying to get rid of their Genesis exposure, you guys have actually extended it. You've got a cash payment some of your peers either trying to get rid of the Genesis exposure, you guys have actually extended it, you got a cash payment, you got a corporate guarantee, you got a guarantee of a rent by a third party. Again, I'm just kind of -- it's impressive to me that you can kind of do this while you have a lot of other people who are kind to doing the exact opposite thing, and what are you seeing here that you think others may not be seeing?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for saying that. It is a good example of our proactive asset management capabilities, and our ability to really optimize situations on behalf of our shareholders. And I agree well Genesis is a small tenant about $20 million a year. The fact that we extended the lease with the corporate guarantee out to 2026 is impressive and is a real win for the company, including a cash payment and guarantees and all the other things that we talked about. And this is the kind of management expertise and you know the benefits of our excellent team that we bring to bear to try to create good outcomes for our shareholders across the board and we've done it time and time again over the years.
Tayo Okusanya: But who is this third party that's kind of being given a guarantee on their behalf? I'm just like really surprised to hear that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, if you think about the corporate history of Genesis, you might be able to figure it out, but I'm just going to leave it where it stands now with a credit worthy third-party guarantor.
Tayo Okusanya: Got you. All right. Well done.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Bob Probst: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Todd Stender: I was taking a look at your -- the new Cambridge acquisition. When you look at the low cap rate and high cost per square foot it's suggest you are looking for some pretty good upside in rents and you noted that with the double-digit rent increases for the last couple of years. Can you provide more details on that current tenant base maybe, occupancy and maybe with the lease row looks like?
John Cobb: Sure. This is John Cobb. The 1030 mass deal that we announced is what we think is a highly attractive asset in Cambridge. It is a high price per foot but you have really great current rental rates, which is in the low-70s. You're seeing a market rents above that the current it is 100% occupied with you know a really good diverse tenant mix that are all lab in life science.
Debra Cafaro: And substantially all the tenant base are really as I mentioned people who either work at or collaborate with MIT in Harvard and it's an above 5% cap rate with room to grow. So, and it's a fee simple interest, which is very significant in terms of valuation.
Todd Stender: Good point. All right. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street. Your line is open.
Lukas Hartwich: Hi, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Lukas.
Lukas Hartwich: Hi. It looks like Brookdale EBITDA coverage moved down a tier. I'm just curious how that will look after the planned asset sales?
Debra Cafaro: Hi. Yes I mentioned that in that you know we did the great deal with Brookdale last year we're implementing that feel, committing capital to the assets and also disposing of a pool of assets that we identified together. That coverage will not change materially because as you recall Ventas keeps the net proceeds and then Brookdale gets a rent credit equal to 6.25% on the net proceeds that we receive. So it will be a well move materially.
Lukas Hartwich: That's helpful. And then you kind of talked about it earlier, but I was just hoping you could provide a little more color on the strong performance in the shop portfolio from Canada?
Bob Probst: Sure.
Debra Cafaro: Oh, Canada, yes.
Bob Probst: We love talking about Canada.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: We grew occupancy rates bottom line, we have a great position and wonderful answer to that market. You see the demand growth what the powerful upside is senior housing can look and feel like and it has another great quarter. So it's really been a shining star for us over the last couple of years.
Lukas Hartwich: Great, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Bob Probst: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Karin Ford with MUFG Securities. Your line is open.
Karin Ford: Hi, good morning. On the last call, you guys talked about an upward dressed in cap rates, is that what you've seen and if so how much in and what segments?
Debra Cafaro: Karen, this is Debbie. Just commenting on that, I would say that when we talked last quarter, we said we may be starting to see a slight upward tick in cap rates. And I think in some transactions, you still may be seeing that although the quality may not be like-for-like. Right after I said that of course, as interest rate expectations had been moving up, I thought that that was related to some of the potential cap rate expansion that we were seeing and that of course those expectations have then changed fairly significantly in terms of people's forward expectations and the actual rate. And so the impact of that really probably would put a lid on any hope for cap rate expansion that we might have seen at that time on a like-for-like basis.
Karin Ford: Understood. My other question is can you give us any insight into shop occupancy and rate growth in April, it sounded like you were a bit more cautious given the comments you made on the flu, just wondering if I was hearing that correctly.
Bob Probst: Right, Karen. So the flu was really unusual this year and so far as it was clearly more mild in the first quarter relative to last year, but what's unusual is how it's extended into the second quarter and indeed Atria has had a few recent buildings close for flu in terms of quarantine which is unusual so. That's why we just are flagging it, the key selling season is Q2. It's an unusual item. I cycle back to that occupancy year-on-year were down 20 basis points continues to be trending well relative to prior year, which is both share gain I think and some of that demand lift we've been talking about.
Karin Ford: And did occupancy continue to do well in April?
Bob Probst: It's still early days. It trend seasonally, it tends to be quite flat this time of year.
Karin Ford: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Karin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you. Good morning. Just following up…
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Jordan.
Jordan Sadler: Hi. Just following up on the shop discussion a little bit, so I think Bob if I recall correctly, you saw it throughout the year performance would generally be pretty consistent. Is that generally still your expectation based on what you're seeing in shop and if I could sort of also ask what are you seeing, you've given us previously sort of the releasing spreads…
Bob Probst: Yes.
Jordan Sadler: -- of sort of the street rates, I'll be curious what those are?
Bob Probst: Yes. Good questions. Let me start with pricing and RevPAR in the releasing spread. Our guidance for the year, you recall was - releasing spreads to be down high-single digits and indeed that's what we saw in the first quarter. At the same time, the in-place increases for residents in place, was again healthy. And so, the blended average of those two things is what you see in a 30 basis points for the quarter. Now, looking at the prior year, we really saw discounting in the back-half of the year start to take root and some more aggressive pricing in the back half of the year. So as I think about RevPAR over the course of the year, I think there's some stabilization in the back half of the year that could be potential given prior year comps. To the first question, generally speaking, our range as you know for the full-year is flat to down 3%. We were down call 2% in the quarter or in that range. And it will be relatively generally speaking consistent I would say, wild swings are unlikely.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then…
Bob Probst: There's always choppiness. I don't want to kind of overstate the nature of it.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. I think you laid it out well.
Bob Probst: Thank you.
Jordan Sadler: The other question I had was regarding -- I think Debbie you said that you seemed confident about starting the rest of the $1.5 billion pipeline over the course of the next 15 months. Did I catch that correctly, so I just want to make sure?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I am confident because my partner John Cobb is confident.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So you basically have about….
Debra Cafaro: Yes, so…
Jordan Sadler: -- a $1.4 billion of additional commencements to announce…
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean…
Jordan Sadler: -- this quarter?
Debra Cafaro: So we believe we'll have significant milestones to announce on a number of the projects this year and that we're confident that we'll commence substantially all the $1.5 billion research and innovation pipeline within the next 15 months.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. I think that's a bit faster than I think we thought last quarter when we spoke to you although maybe you didn't lead us to believe so…
Debra Cafaro: Go ahead.
Jordan Sadler: The last one was just Alexion, what was that termination fee and where is it sitting on the P&L?
Bob Probst: Sure. It was $1.9 million in the quarter, is sitting in the office R&I same-store in the quarter.
Debra Cafaro: And what's interesting about it though too is that their replacement tenant in Yale moved in to the tune of 50,000 square feet with zero downtime. So better credit, 25-year lease term and the fee was kind of the additional benefit, the tale really because the dog is the Yale expansion with us.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Bob Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Hi. I just have two quick questions. So for the $1.5 billion starts over the next 15 months, can you give us a rough idea of what the delivery window will span from?
Debra Cafaro: Well, once commenced, the rule of thumb is really 18 months to 24 months of until opening.
Michael Mueller: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: And the projects will be commenced obviously [indiscernible] on a project-by-project basis over those next 15 months.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then, Bob, just to confirm, so going back to the $10 million lease modification, you said the impact during 2019, I think you mentioned mid-year or so, should we assume that the $20 million annualized impact going forward?
Bob Probst: Yes. So to clarify the $10 million is this year impact Qs 2 through 4. We expect to have effectively activated the changes by mid-year and that obviously helps drive that that impact over the course of the year, but it's $10 million over the course of three quarters.
Michael Mueller: Over three quarters. Okay. So less than $20 million, got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Bob Probst: You bet.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chad Vanacore with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: All right. Thanks. Good morning, all.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Bob Probst: Hey, Chad.
Chad Vanacore: Hey, Bob, so just looking at the shop occupancy it's down same-store 20 basis points in year-over-year 120 basis points sequentially. How much of that would you estimate is normal seasonally weakness from flu and weather and how much of that is from excess of volume pressures?
Bob Probst: Well, seasonally you're right to say that there's typically a decline Q4 to Q1. So we tend to look year-over-year as our as our best measure and the 20 basis point GAAP when you go back as you know and look back last year is starting out in the first half we had call it 150 basis point GAAP versus prior year that narrowed by the end of the year and has stayed pretty consistently tied to prior year at 20 basis points down. So the occupancy line we're feeling pretty good about. And again I think it's reflecting that we're gaining share.
Chad Vanacore: All right. So in light of that view, how should we expect shop occupancy to trend from this point to the end of the year and especially considering comments that you're seeing some pickup in demand?
Bob Probst: Well, we're staying with our guidance really through the P&L which occupancy was flat to down 50 basis points for the year on average. So I think that's still a good number.
Chad Vanacore: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: Okay.
Chad Vanacore: Sorry, just got a one more quick one, so you're marketing 20 assets with Brookdale. How much of a total 31 million rents you agreed to does that represent? I guess there's more to come?
Debra Cafaro: We expect there to be a total of about 15 ultimately and maybe that may be it -- that may be all that we decide to do with them.
Chad Vanacore: Yes. I'm sorry, Deb was that 15 in the rents or 15 more assets?
Debra Cafaro: In total, not just the ones that we're marketing now.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, $15 million in total, right.
Debra Cafaro: $15 million is right.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, all right.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, exactly. Thank you.
Chad Vanacore: Thanks a lot.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, we have time for a couple more and then we'll wrap up.
Operator: All right. The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Good morning and thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Derek.
Derek Johnston: Hi. Just a little more on shop revenues, and I was hoping you could help reconcile the strong January rent increases from in place residents as mentioned in the release with really the first time we've seen REVPAR drop below 1% on a year-over-year growth basis. And really the first time your year-over-year same-store shop revenue growth has been negative at least as far back as we've been tracking since 2010?
Bob Probst: Sure. I mean a very quick and simple answer is the releasing spread discussed earlier. Again the in place is very strong. What you have to look at is last year over the course of the year what happened. The price competition was suppressing price over the course of the year and therefore Q1 versus Q1 year-over-year that is driving the impact. Now in the balance of the years particularly the second-half will be lapping that discounting that should firm up, but really it's a year-over-year comp issue driven by the releasing spread.
Derek Johnston: Got it, understood. And then, just kind of looking forward when do you think we see an inflection point in senior housing and really a return to growth within that portfolio? Is it like a mid-to-late 2020 event as supply wanes and comps get a little easier or how should I kind of think about this going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Derek, you will be the first to know.
Derek Johnston: Well, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: It's a very good, very important, very complex question, and we look forward to giving you more visibility on it.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi, there. On the Cambridge acquisition, I know it's 100% lease, but I don't I heard the least maturity. When would you be able to reset those rents?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Another great question because we're looking at upside here, we talked about the cyclical upside in senior housing, and now, we'll talk about the asset. The weighted average lease term right now is about five years. One of the things we really like though about this market and its characteristic of this building is that the tenants are successful. They expand, maybe there's not enough room for them in this particular building. And so, they made by out of their lease early and then you have a chance to mark-to-market and you may have the opportunity to get a lease termination fee. So that's how we would expect that to play out.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. That's great. And then, just one more looks like Eclipse annualized NOI was down 15% year-over-year despite one more property versus year ago. I'm just curious how should that portfolio trend throughout the year and maybe what kind of happened versus a year ago?
Bob Probst: Yes, Jonathan. I think when you look at the annualized -- when you look at the annualized NOI Q1 versus Q4, you get some of the technical factors namely days that play a role and there were fewer days when you build by the day as a revenue and NOI impact and so that annualized is much of what you're seeing.
Debra Cafaro: It's been exaggerating.
Bob Probst: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: Stepping back, we believe ESL is going to be accretive to our growth this year and if they continue to implement the plans, they identified early on.
Jonathan Hughes: Great, but on a year-over-year, it was down 15% so that should negate the seasonality impact, right?
Bob Probst: Well, I'm very -- there's a lot of noise, as you know, we transitioned this time last year, first quarter last year, there's a lot of noise in the ESLP and all I would encourage you to look over a longer period when you think about year-over-year. And again on that basis, I think they'll be accretive to our growth.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, great. I'll follow up in the offline. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We appreciate that, and we absolutely appreciate everyone's attention this morning and interest in the company. The whole Ventas team is really excited about delivering an excellent quarter and we look forward to seeing you in Philadelphia in June. So, thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2018 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to turn the call over to Juan Sanabria. Please begin.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding it's results for the year and quarter ended December 31, 2018. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meanings of the federal securities laws. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the company's other SEC filings. Please note, the quantitative reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures referenced on this conference call, and it's most directly comparable GAAP measures, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available on the Investor Relations site on our website, www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Juan. We're very happy to have you join us on this side of the table for your first call. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas year-end 2018 earnings call. I'm delighted also to be joined on today's call by my outstanding Ventas colleagues. In 2018 Ventas extended it's two-decade track record of sustained excellence. We delivered positive total return to our shareholders, substantially outperforming both REIT index and the S&P 500. We increased our dividend, harvested proceeds from successful investments that we redeployed to enhance balance sheet strength and invest in future growth. We added selective premiere private pay assets to our portfolio and we built a high-quality research and innovation development pipeline exceeding $1.5 billion with leading research universities. Importantly, we also enhanced and expanded our relationships with key industry partners; Wexford, TMB, Ardent, Atria and Sunrise during the year, and we crafted new beneficial arrangements with care providers, including Brookdale and ESL. In addition to achieving these strategic objectives, we also delivered on our financial goals. 2018 normalized FFO per share with $4.07 at the high end of our improved expectations on a best-in-class balance sheet. During the year, we were gratified that our team and our company were recognized repeatedly for our track record of our performance, our significant contributions to the industries where we have a major presence, and for our leadership in environmental, social and governance matters. Along the way, our Ventas team remained strong, smart, and unified. While I'd love to elaborate on our 2018 accomplishments, they are well described in today's release. Instead, allow me to outline our expectations for 2019, highlight some of our key opportunities for the year, and describe our commitment to returning to growth. We entered 2019 on a strong foundation. We expect 2019 normalized FFO to range between $3.75 and $3.85 per share, assuming no acquisition activity. We also anticipate that our diversified portfolio will grow same-store cash net operating income year-over-year. We expect 2019 to be a pivot year in our transition back to growth following a multi-year period of strategic improvement in our portfolio quality and mix from the disposition and receipt of loan repayments totaling $8 billion. We used the proceeds of these transactions to substantially improve our portfolio and tenant mix and replace lower quality assets and tenants with high quality health systems and research and innovation properties with highly rated leading universities. While the specific timing of our return to growth following 2019 is difficult to predict, the building blocks are clear; deliver organic portfolio growth when senior housing operating conditions improve as other business lines continue to grow, capture the benefits of our research and innovation business and development pipeline, utilize our financial strength and flexibility, and reignite our long-standing history of completing successful accretive acquisitions. Let's talk about those building blocks in turn. First, looking at senior living trends nationally, we are very encouraged by the recently reported continued improvement in Senior Living starts, which have reached their most favorable points since the third quarter of 2012. As starts continued to moderate, demand for our product ramped to it's highest level ever in 2018. The 75-year to 81-year old contingent is growing 4% per year for the next five years, and the 82-year to 86-year old cohort begins to grow over 3% per year after 2019. Assuming these trends continue, we anticipate a bottoming in senior housing so that the supply-demand equation moves in our favor in the future creating a powerful cyclical upside. Potential increases in the penetration rate would incrementally improve this picture. Second, we've enjoyed significant growth in our university-based research and innovation business today from the original portfolio we acquired in late 2016 and the delivery and lease-up of additional properties. We expect research and innovation growth to continue in 2019. Building on our momentum, we have today announced the extension of our collaborative partnership with Wexford until 2029 and the creation of a strong development pipeline exceeding $1.5 billion in projects with elite research universities that will accelerate our growth in this high-quality sustainable space. The pipelines cements our leading position in the market and demonstrate again, our ability to acquire and grow a differentiated value-creating business. Our robust pipeline of developments with top tier research institutions contains about 10 expected projects, roughly half with existing university relationship and half with new ones. Proforma for the announced development pipeline, our investment in high-quality new real estate lease by leading research institutions will exceed $3.5 billion more than doubling our original 2016 investment and NOI from research and innovation investments would represent about 10% of Ventas NOI. The pipeline projects have excellent risk-adjusted return with expected unlevered yields of between 6.5% and 8% at stabilization and significant pre-leasing, creditworthy tenants and long-term leases. Today we announced the first development in our pipeline, a $77 million project with Arizona State University, a highly rated public research and a new relationship for Ventas and Wexford. The project will be fully lab-enabled and principally used for biomedical discovery and innovation and health outcome. It is 50% released to ASU and should open by the end of 2020. With best in class developer and manager Wexford, we look forward to meeting the needs of leading universities who want powerful knowledge communities on their campuses to supercharge research, innovation and economic activity. Our third building block of future growth stems from our financial strength and flexibility. During 2018 we've paid down and refinanced debt totaling $3.4 billion, so we entered 2019 with an industry leading credit profile, limited near-term debt maturities, terrific liquidity and capital access. Finally, current market conditions are becoming more conducive for a creative external growth. Our team continues to evaluate investments across our verticals. Our strong relationship in all our business lines, provide a competitive edge and acquisitions and we intend to be proactive and opportunistic to increase investment activity. However, because investment timing and volume are unpredictable consistent with our historical practice, we have not built any acquisition activity into our projections for 2019. In conclusion, with nearly 20 years of 23% compound annual return to shareholders, we are happy with our 2018 accomplishments and financial performance. We are introducing 2019 guidance that is consistent with our previous statements to you and most importantly we are confident in our positioning for another 20 years of growth and success. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Rob Prob.
Robert Probst: Thank you, Debbie. I'm happy to report another solid year performance from our high-quality portfolio of healthcare, seniors housing and office properties. Our total property portfolio delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 1.2% for the full year 2018, above the midpoint of total company same-store guidance. In 2019 we expect our total portfolio same-store NOI growth to range between 0% and 1% benefiting from diversification of asset class operator, geography and business model. Let me detail our 2018 performance in 2019 guidance for our properties at a segment level starting with triple-net. We were very pleased by the performance of our triple-net portfolio which grew same-store cash NOI by an excellent 0.6% for the full year 2018. In the fourth quarter, triple-net same-store cash NOI increased to solid 2.1%. Across our total triple-net lease portfolio trailing 12 months EBITDA cash flow coverage for the third quarter of 2018, the latest available information was stable from the prior quarter at 1.5 times. Within that, seniors housing remained flat at 1.2 times while LTACs remain consistent at 1.4 times. As we predicted, performance at the assets for our Kindred LTACs improved in the second half of 2018 with operational strategies taking hold to mitigate LTAC criteria. We expect this improvement to continue in 2019. Also, Meditech [ph] just recommended a rate increase for LTACs recognizing their value in the healthcare delivery system. Meanwhile, Ardent's third quarter 2018 results were strong and the fourth quarter showed continued momentum. Ardent recently filed for an IPO. Ardent's red coverage remained robust at 2.9 times, and hospital medicare rates increased approximately 3% effective in the fourth quarter of 2018. As we look at 2019, triple-net same-store NOI is projected to grow, albeit at a more modest rate. Rent escalators are assumed to be partially offset by expected lease modifications with certain smaller senior housing operators where rent coverage and credit is challenged. Though we have multiple potential approaches to these situations including operator and business model transitions, our guidance at this stage assumes a $10 million NOI reduction in our triple-net same-store pool equating to 130 basis points year-over-year same-store impact. In addition, the lapping of the 2018 Brookdale lease modification lowers triple-net same-store NOI growth by 70 basis points in 2019. On these assumptions, we forecast that our overall triple-net portfolio same-store cash NOI will increase between 0.5% and 1.5% in 2019. I would highlight that guidance does not include any of these modifications for our portfolio of 26 communities managed by holiday. These assets represent only 3% of our company's NOI with approximately $60 million in annual contractual rent, which is fully current. Holiday has recently entered into a variety of transactions with its other landlords. In our case, we have a wide array of possible options and many tools and previous experiences at our disposal to obtain an optimal outcome if we believe a transaction is appropriate. Importantly, we believe that in any transaction we'd be made substantially economically whole and any would be immaterial to Ventas.  Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio, to summarize, our 2018 SHOP results were in line with our expectations both for the fourth quarter and full year. In 2019 our SHOP guidance at the mid-point represents a year-over-year improvement relative to 2018 so we continue to work through the near-term supply-demand mismatch. And as we look beyond 2019 we're excited about the powerful upside opportunity in seniors housing and in our excellent market position. Let me unpack each of these topics in turn. In 2018 our SHOP full year same-store NOI growth was minus 2.1%. While year same-store occupancy in 2018 declined by 80 basis points versus a 2017, driven by the cumulative impact of new deliveries in select markets. RevPAR growth through for the year was 1.9%. Operating expenses rose 2.5% with wage growth partially offset by cost controls. Positively the year-over-year occupancy gap continue to narrow to minus 10 basis points in the fourth quarter, so new deliveries continue to pressure rate. Q4 expenses were up 3%. At the bottom line, Q4 same-store SHOP cash NOI declined 3.5% in line with our range of expectations. Turning into 2019 guidance, as we previewed on our Q3 call, we expect full year 2019 SHOP same-store cash NOI to range from minus 3% to flat. At the midpoint, this represents a 60-basis point improvement in year-on-year performance in 2019. Please note our 2019 same-store pool now includes 74 assets operating by ESL. We forecast same-store occupancy in 2019 will range from flat to down 50 basis points for the full year. We expect new deliveries in 2019 to be at a similar level to 2018 as we digest the high level of inventory initiated several years ago. In terms of rate, we continue to see healthy increases on in place ranch hand care for existing residents. Encouragingly, the majority of the 2019 rate letters have gone out with increases that exceed 5%. That's said price, competition for new residents is expected to result in negative rent-releasing spreads in a high single-digit range. Overall, we expect RevPAR growth to the year to approximate 1%. We forecast operating expenses to increase in the 2%to 3% range with continued wage pressure, partially offset by strong cost controls and more modest incentive management fees. Yearly reading Q1 of 2019 suggestive flew impact would be more modest, 2018 severe elite levels. Extreme weather conditions in many parts of the country at the start of the year may also affect the first quarter. Finally, as we look beyond 2019 we're excited about the very positive trends in new construction starts together with accelerating demand. The implication for positive occupancy and NOI gains from this data supports the powerful upside we expect in seniors housing. To finish up the segment discussion, let's turn to our office reporting segment which represents approximately 27% of Ventas's NOI. For the full year 2018, office same-store cash NOI increased by 1.7%. Within office, the RNI portfolio performed very strongly in 2018 and reached the high end of our guidance range by delivering full year same-store cash NOI growth of 4%. Average revenue per square foot increased 4.9% and occupancy was an exceptional 96%. The same-store pool on the fourth quarter RNI increase same-store NOI by an outstanding 8.6% driven by continued execution on our lease off assets. In 2019 we expect attractive full year same-store research and innovation NOI growth in the range of 3% to 4% and total RNI portfolio NOI growth to exceed 7%. With the number of new developments coming online in 2019, we expect the RNI portfolio NOI to really begin to accelerate into 2020 and beyond.  Turning to our highly valuable medical office business. MOB same-store cash NOI increased by 1.1% for the full year 2018. Tenant retention in 2018 was strong at 80% and same-store occupancy improved sequentially in the fourth quarter. In 2019 we expect 1% to 2% cash NOI growth from our same-store MOB portfolio. Guidance assumes occupancy increases through a new leasing into the strong retention rates and less square footage expiring than prior year. The total MOB portfolio is expected to benefit from the opening in 2019 of our new MOB developments in Downtown San Francisco, which is now over 80% pre-leased Sutter health. On a combined basis, our same-store office portfolio of research and innovation properties and MOB assets is expected to grow cash NOI in the range of 1.5% to 2.5 % for the full year 2019. Now onto our overall company financial results. In 2018 we delivered normalized FFO of $4.07 per share matching the high end of our guidance range. Adjusted for Q4 natural disaster impacts our GAAP net income and net read FFO result were also in line with expectations. Meanwhile, we successfully recycled $1.3 billion in capital and built a balance sheet that has the strongest in the sector. In 2018 we proactively refinancing near-term debt to manage future interest rate risk and increased average debt duration by nearly one year to seven years. At year-end, net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 5.6 times. Fixed charge coverage an exceptional 4.6 times and that debt enterprise value was 34%. We have also enhanced our supplemental disclosure package to incorporate feedback from investors and analysts as well as industry best practices. We welcome your ongoing feedback. I closed out the prepared remarks with our full year 2019 guidance for the company. The key components of our guides are as follows; net income is decimated to range between $1.23 and $1.38 per fully diluted share, normalized FFO is forecast to range from $3.75 to $3.85 per fully diluted share. We expect portfolio same-store cash NOI will range from 0% to 1% and net debt to adjusted proforma EBITDA is expected to stay flat at 5.6 times by year end 2019. Last quarter we highlighted that 4Q 2018 guidance annualized of $3.76 per share and normalized FFO was a good run rate for 2019. Today's 2019 official guidance is in line with our first read discussed last quarter but the 2019 range of $3.75 to $3.85 per share or $3.80 at the midpoint. The 2019 normalized FFO guidance is explained by three drivers. First, underlying total property NOI is expected to grow modestly with solid organic growth in multiple asset classes, largely offset by the impacts of the supply-demand cycle and senior housing. Second, we expect to recycle $500 million in asset dispositions in receipt of loan repayments into funding $500 million of developments and redevelopments, principally behind the RNI pipeline. This capital recycling is diluted in 2019 but delivers strong future growth and value creation. And third, we expect higher interest expense in 2019 from higher rates and incorporate $0.02 in incremental leasing expenses from a change in lease accounting standards effective starting in 2019. Finally, as is customary, guidance does not include new acquisitions and also assumes approximately $361 million weighted average fully diluted shares. In conclusion, we are pleased with our performance in 2018. However, the Ventas team is intently focused on together delivering on our 2019 commitments and on our return to growth. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Joseph of Citi. Your line is open. 
Nick Joseph: Thanks. What's assumed the guidance for the timing of the asset sales in the loan repayments?
Robert Probst: The $500 million in dispositions and loan repayments is really backend weighted. The loan repayments open really beginning in the summer. Sorry, guys is really midpoint of that back half. 
Nick Joseph: Okay, thanks. As you think about 2019 being a pivot year, where will you enter 2020 on a run rate basis from a quarterly FFO perspective? Obviously, the midpoint suggests $0.95 a quarter but it will be variable given those loan repayments and contribution from development and redevelopment.
Robert Probst: Yes. So, you're right to point out in terms of phasing for the year quarter-to-quarter, we certainly would expect in the second half sequentially to see lower FFO per share and that is indeed the case here. I wouldn't say wildly different, but it does trend down over the course of the year based on the time of the dispositions which again, are uncertain. So, it's hard to say exactly quarter-by-quarter what that's going to look like. 
Nick Joseph: Thanks. There's the return to growth more of 2021 comments in 2020. 
Debra Cafaro: Nick as we said, we're intently focused on returning to our historical growth and the timing is not easily predictable within a specific quarter or so. But we know we're going to get there, we know what we have to do and we know how to do it. So I feel good about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Dinerlane [ph] of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. You mentioned that your team has been underwriting acquisitions. I know you have nothing in guidance. Where's the team most active? Is it senior housing, MOBs and other segments? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, clearly, we've been very busy building this great research and innovation pipeline, and I think John Cobb and his team for that, in terms of looking forward, I would say there's a combination of across our verticals, a combination of regular way type potential investments as well as more opportunistic type things that may come into focus over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on the Wexford, the 10 projects you've identified, is that kind of the lifespan of the contract being extended to 2029 or is it kind of just what you have in the near-term kind of lined up?
Juan Sanabria: Yes, it is, John. It's in the near term. It's not in the next 12 months.
Debra Cafaro: It's in the next couple of years. 
Unidentified Analyst: So what do you think you can kind of do per year? Like two or three of these projects? And get runway [ph].
Robert Probst: Well, the $1.5 billion typically 24 months, 18 to 24 months to start to finish, to open the building. And then a couple of years to stabilize from the air depending on they are pre-leasing; so that's how you should think about the phasing of the $1.5 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick [ph] of Scotiabank.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. Just following up on Wexford, is there any -- you talked about the 18 to 24 months start to finish. Is there a way you can get a feel for future start assuming for this year and next year? Because I go back to the disposition guidance, it talks about $500 million there, which would be used for development and redevelopment. And based on your current pipeline and supplemental, you don't have that much spending. It looks like you have like another $250 million or 300 million of starts. That would be maybe as soon this year. So just give us a little feel for that 
Debra Cafaro: Just directionally I would say some starts in 2018, the backend weighted and then a ramp in 2020 and some spend thereafter.
Robert Probst: I build on that and they can turn to the $500 million of development or redevelopment spend forecast this year, call it 70% of that is in fact development. And indeed, the majority of that is behind the pipeline just announced. So really this is about accelerating that pipeline beginning of this year. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then Debbie, I wanted to go back to -- when you're talking about external growth, you're saying current market conditions are good for creative external growth. And I guess I'm just wondering, you have been a little bit quiet on the larger portfolio acquisitions in the last year, some of which have traded. How much was your -- you know cost of equity a factor in that? And that without the stock price where it is yeah up symmetrically versus is a low point in 2017. How much is that also affecting your -- you know thinking on the ability to do accretive acquisitions?
Debra Cafaro: Right. And well, as I said, I mean, we're excited about the investments we're making in Research & Innovation. I do think the environment is more conducive and it really is around the fact that we may be seeing a slight upward drift in cap rates, and therefore, rewarding our patients coupled with an improved cost of capital. And then there are certain, again, more opportunistic things that come and go and where perhaps over time those could become more interesting to us. So it's a variety of factors.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one last question, Bob. I wanted to follow up. When you gave the Triple-Net segment guidance, you talked about some -- certain lease modifications with senior housing operators. But I think you said it -- that did not include Holiday. Is that correct?
Robert Probst: That is correct, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: And I know you also talked about there's a lot of different scenarios with Holiday, but you expect to be made substantially economically whole. I guess the question I have though is that, there is some significant straight-line rent associated with lease. So I mean, is there still a chance that -- I mean, how should we think about an economic issue versus a GAAP FFO issue where there is some potential for a straight-line rent reduction if you had to restructure that lease?
Debra Cafaro: I'll take that one. There are -- there's again a wide array of options, many permutations. We're looking rightly, as you said, at being made substantially economically whole. We do have structured guarantor, his credit has been directionally improved as a result of the other transactions. And so, we're really looking at it from an economic basis right now and then the GAAP impacts and so on are -- will follow depending on whether we do a transaction, if so, what that looks like and that -- the GAAP will follow whatever transaction if any we do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore.
Steve Sakwa: I guess, I just wanted to talk maybe about some of the timing of deliveries. I think some of the delivery dates got pushed out a little bit. I mean -- just what are you seeing on the construction front and how do you sort of see the delivery timetables maybe changing over the next one to two years?
Robert Probst: So in terms of deliveries, we take the NIC data and we then risk-adjust that should I say, based on our experience of how long it typically takes to deliver. And in fact that trend has been lengthening i.e. it's been taking longer than normal. I think we were pretty accurate in our forecast for '18 in terms of those deliveries. And as we looked at '19 -- as we look at '19, we expect to have similar levels in our portfolio of new deliveries as we saw in '18. Obviously, the trend-down in starts is encouraging as we said. That gives us some visibility now into '20. Of course, that -- that will be a function of timing of deliveries, but we do expect, based on the starts trend, which has been so favorable to see in 2020, a reduction in the amount of deliveries. So -- hence some of the commentary around the improving trends that we see over time in Seniors Housing.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess maybe just to stay on that business, kind of the wage issues. I think you said expenses might grow 2% to 3% and embedded in that might be slightly higher wage growth. Just what kind of comfort do you have around sort of the wage component and that -- not putting upward pressure on overall expense growth in 2019?
Robert Probst: Yes, this has been a pretty consistent theme, Steve. I think I asked the same -- got asked the same question this time last year. Wages have clearly been under pressure, no doubt. Tight labor market, we're all aware of that, minimum wage et cetera. What the operators have done is a phenomenal job of cost control, whether that be a business model, the operating model, how they staff managing indirect costs et cetera. And so, if you look at our full year, for example 2018 operating expense grew 2.5%, that's right in the midpoint of the range we've just given for '19. Our operators believe they have continued opportunity runway for cost control. But that is certainly necessary in light of the wage pressure as you point out.
Steve Sakwa: And then last question on the -- on the R&I business. I guess the ASU deal, it sounds like half of that is at least going to the university. I guess, are your expectations that the other half would go to a traditional kind of life science type tenants or would you expect university to take the other half over time, and what are your prospects or pipeline look like from leasing up the balance of that building?
John Cobb: Sure, this is John. Historically speaking, we target the private sector like you said, but we have had a lot of -- where the university does take additional space, it just happened to us in -- at our Washington building that we just completed and successfully filled up. So we target both and our prospects are good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew [ph] of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. Really fast, something I got this morning that I didn't know the answer to. 12% of your SHOP in the fourth quarter was outside of the same-store pool. And I think I modeled this wrong. First, you have that new line, the 16 properties intended for disposition, on page 2. I'm guessing that's outside of the same-store pool?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Robert Probst: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: It -- any sense of how that portfolio trended in '?18
Robert Probst: Sure. So first of all, in terms of the same-store pool I just -- I'll just emphasize again, the ESL assets going into the full-year pool in the 2019, they're not in the full-year pool in 2018 as we transition them. So that's the biggest driver, 80% of our assets, that said, even before you are selling in same-store. We do have some assets, which are actively marketing incentive for disposition, is the term we use. Typically in Seniors Housing specifically, these may be in some higher supply markets and so the trends would mirror those types of markets.
Unidentified Analyst: So I don't want to put words in your mouth, Bob, but probably that -- I just did look -- if you look at it, there is only $1 million of NOI and $20 million of revenue that, that was probably a portfolio or assets that were pretty tough in '18?
Robert Probst: Those have trended down very consistent with the market.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my second one, you mentioned ESL. If you broke your same-store portfolio in '19 between ESL and non-ESL, would there be a difference in the expectation for performance?
Robert Probst: And perhaps a chance as to discuss ESL little bit. The last call we mentioned, they stabilized. We saw good fourth quarter from ESL really on the cost side in particular, getting their operating model in place. So nice stabilization of performance there. In terms of the impact in '19 in the same-store pool, that's a positive impact to the overall by about 60 basis points in the same-store pool overall. So put another way, you can adjust the same-store midpoint by that amount if you excluded it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So basically -- so there is a bit of an easy comp if you will, where your SHOP can do better than kind of a generic SHOP portfolio in the US because of the ESL portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we -- I would just say that, we expect this to have a positive contribution and that's what we intended when we moved the asset.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim of BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Good morning. In your supplement, you provided what looks like new -- a new line of 8% to 12% range and stabilized returns on incremental capital.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
John Kim: Just clarify, is that development yield or an IRR figure?
Debra Cafaro: It's an unlevered yield on incremental capital, John. Good morning. I'm glad people are noticing some of our good additional disclosure and I'm glad it's helpful. But that's kind of -- that's an unlevered yield on incremental invested capital at stabilization.
John Kim: And is that pertaining just to redevelopments or does that include developments alone?
Robert Probst: That's the redevelopments, John. Specifically on that page, you'll see at the bottom for the redevelopments. Developments, we show expected stabilized yields specific to the projects.
John Kim: I think previously you stated that your life science land bank can provide up to $2 billion of developments. And in today's press release, I think $1.5 billion. So, besides the ASU project, what was incrementally new as far as projects that you agreed upon?
Debra Cafaro: And one thing we did say is that with the 10, sort of half are with new relationships, roughly have with existing ones. I'm glad you remember that we do have a land bank with some of our better universities that could support about $2 billion of development. And to tie that altogether...
Robert Probst: Yeah, the half rule of thumb applies as well in terms of that land bank that we quoted going toward -- half of it roughly is going toward this new pipeline. That still remains as an opportunity.
John Kim: Okay. And then Debbie you mentioned on an answer to previous question that opportunistic things come and go. Can you just maybe provide some more color on that, does that this specifically mean public opportunities?
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean almost by definition, opportunistic is a little bit come-and-go, to use your words. It is more expansive in terms of things where we have a unique insight or we have a unique relationship that we can employee to capture an opportunity that is unique.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you. Good morning. Could you clarify on the ESL piece? Did you say it's a 60 basis point positive contribution to the overall or just to the SHOP piece?
Robert Probst: To the SHOP same-store piece, not overall Company.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. I thought so.
Robert Probst: Yes.
Jordan Sadler: And then as it relates to SHOP NOI trending throughout the year, we were talking about sort of the sequential trend in maybe FFO, but I was kind of curious, I think, it feels like your toughest comps are probably earlier in the year and -- so I would expect some sort of gradual improvement at the year, is that how you guys are thinking about it?
Robert Probst: Actually, we think it's likely to be pretty consistent throughout the year. Forget seasonality, I'm just seeing year-over-year performance. Some of the things notable last year in the first quarter were the flu. This year we have, as I said, an easier flu albeit above normal levels, but severe weather is kind of a new factor in the mix in Q1. But as we look out over the course of the year, I don't see anything that spikes any particular quarter, frankly on a year-over-year basis.
Jordan Sadler: And then just on the acquisition [indiscernible] opportunities, are there any particular segments that are sort of cropping up as having better or worse opportunity? Has your interest level in Senior Housing picked up at all, given sort of -- the fact that we're getting closer toward the ramp and the demos and possibilities in penetration?
John Cobb: This is John. I think it's across the board, we're seeing in all the sectors that we look at.
Jordan Sadler: Is there anything that you could point to that's driving that, is it just more willing sellers or prices or...?
John Cobb: I think we are -- as Debbie said earlier, I think we're seeing a little bit uptick in yields. So that's making some of it more attractive, but sometimes deals just come to market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: For Senior Housing, are you seeing better supply net demand dynamics in major metro markets versus secondary or suburban? And really how economically viable is Senior Housing in markets like New York City and San Fran where costs seem somewhat prohibitive?
Robert Probst: Sure. So in terms of supply demand, we -- it's really a market by market conversation. I quoted a few in the past of the -- of the major or primary markets like Atlanta, Chicago, where we have seen a significant amount of supply demand, that continues. Secondary markets, if you just look at the segmentation in our supplemental, you can see it does have -- well, it feels a little bit like a more significant impact in terms of supply. Some of the smaller markets Salt Lake City et cetera, but it really is a market-by-market conversation. And again, I think just pivoting back to the overall trend downward, it's -- and starts is the encouraging piece that we keep wanting to point to. It's clearly as we look at 2020 kind of toward the tail-end coming down in terms of delivery expectations. So that's really good news.
Derek Johnston: Okay, got it. And just quickly from my second one. Could you just talk about the West Coast strategy and the expanded relationship or continued with PMB, and ultimately how Sutter is progressing and any updates there?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that we are running the West Coast assets. We have been lucky enough to be partners with PMB that is a very well-known West Coast developer of high-quality medical office and outpatient and weak, we recently extended that relationship. It's been a very positive one. And they continue to have a good pipeline of development opportunities and we have an exclusive pipeline arrangement with them. Sutter as you point out is one, and it is -- I've just visited it during NAREIT, I believe and it's looking great and ready for occupancy and right across from a $2 billion new hospital that Sutter is moving into shortly. So we're excited about that one and we look forward to taking investors there as soon as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Vanacore of Stifel.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Seth [ph] on for Chad. First question, looking at the dispositions, do you guys -- is there any update on the $30 million of rent that was associated with Brookdale, is that most of the $500 million disposition included in guidance? And have you identified those properties and any insight on timing or expected yields?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So good question. So, as you recall as early in 2018, we get a very attractive arrangement with Brookdale that extended our leases and also targeted about $30 million of rent for disposition, added 6.25% yield to Ventas. We have identified an early tranche of those potential dispositions and that is part of the $500 million to which Bob referred. And we're at the very early stage of marketing that portfolio and that's where we stand and that will continue to improve the overall quality of our portfolio and be helpful to Brookdale as well.
Robert Probst: You know I would add, the loans are, I call it $300 million, $350 million [ph] of that overall total.
Debra Cafaro: Loan repayments represent the rest of it. Yeah.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thanks. And then when we look at last quarter and we talked about your preliminary SHOP outlook, it was pretty much the same as '18. It seems like the upper end of that range was improved. Was that predicated on the outperformance of ESL or overall supply demand dynamics or just any more color that give you confidence that it's going to -- a possibility of improvement in '19?
Robert Probst: Yes, great question. I'd highlight a few things and this dramatically applies not just to '19, but as we think about '20 and beyond. One of the things we have seen is solid occupancy. And I noted 10 basis point gap versus prior year which had narrowed throughout the year in 2018. And in fact, sequentially we grew occupancy in the fourth quarter for the first time since 2015. So there is something going on that's very positive on the occupancy side. I think it's market share gains and penetration. But that's really one of the things we find very encouraging. ESL you rightly point out, is another. And then the third, I would highlight is redevelopments. We have redevelopments in our same-store pool. I mean, we are seeing some lift from the redevelopments in '19 and in the '20s. So to give you a few of the ideas that gave us that confidence and the midpoint improving in '19 and then beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Good morning and thanks for the added disclosure throughout the stuff, really appreciate it.
Debra Cafaro: Right.
Jonathan Hughes: On the external growth front, earlier you mentioned pricing for deals has drifted up, that was on Nick's question. Not sure if that was specific to certain healthcare real estate asset class or just a broad comment, but would you care to maybe quantify that rise with specific emphasis on the MOBs? Have they may be moved up to 20 bips, 25 bips over the past six months, nine months?
Debra Cafaro: Again, it's just -- we're starting to see a slight drift upward and it really is in several of the asset classes. And so I think you're on the right track.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, fair enough. And then I haven't -- I don't think we've talked about Ardent in detail yet, but in the past you really wanted to expand that platform. There was a recent acute care deal granted outside of the US, but curious if you looked at that and then maybe where you're seeing any hospital or acute-care opportunities within the U.S.?
Debra Cafaro: So as you know, high-quality health systems and I'll just point to HCA as a public example of that -- has done have the opportunity to continue to do well. We certainly have a great position within the health system market, it's a large market. And I think we would be very interested in continuing to grow that business if the right opportunities present themselves. We said at the beginning and continue to believe that we will be very selective in any investments we make in the space as we have been to-date. And we will remain opportunistic, that scenario where I think we will be disciplined and selective, but opportunities that could arise, we are in a good position to capture.
Jonathan Hughes: Are you hoping any international acute care opportunities?
Debra Cafaro: We have looked at acute care opportunities abroad over time, and it obviously depends on the market and the yield after currency and taxes and whether we think it's a good risk adjusted return. But we have looked at opportunities outside the US and quality health systems over time.
Jonathan Hughes: And then -- and then just one more from me. And I realize there were some accounting changes over the past few years, so this is a big cosmetic, but year G&A has gone up a good amount over the past few years while the asset base has remained fairly stable. And I know this is going to be impacted by accounting change again this year. But I was hoping you could maybe steer us to a good maybe growth number on last year's G&A line item, not guidance, but just a suggestion of maybe what we can kind of expect this year. Thanks
Robert Probst: Sure, I'll take that one. G&A in the '18 v '17 really follows the good performance that we had in '18. So it's really a function of incentives. Staffing has been quite stable and we continue to be very lean as we think about it and that's a variable therefore that moves around every year. I would start with inflationary sort of increase. On a normalized base as you point out, adjusted for accounting type impacts inflationary increases '19 v '18.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya: Thanks for the additional disclosure. I'm going to give all credit to Bob because Juan just thought it was huge.
Robert Probst: It's all Juan's doing.
Tayo Okusanya: Anyway I wanted to focus on SHOP a little bit this morning. The first thing is just the RevPAR trend, 1% this quarter, 1.8% last quarter, about 3.1% a year ago. I just wanted to -- could you just talk a little bit just about what's happening with pricing power? I couldn't help but fixate on your commentary about -- for new leases that is going to be a negative mark-to-market there, which seems to fly in the face of some of the data we've seen from NIC.
Robert Probst: Yes, so, I love this topic, Tayo. I wouldn't focus on the NIC data, it really doesn't look at apples-to-apples, it's not actual rates and it's tough to divine certainly in our opinion. For our data, though, we can see quite clearly the trend and the RevPAR has two components as you know. It has the in-place increases were residents that have been here year-over-year. And that we continue to see very nice pricing power on it. I mentioned north of 5% for those rate letters that just went out, and so that continues to be very encouraging with very few financial move-outs, by the way. What's driving that risk that you point out, rightly in terms of RevPAR over the course of the year, is the releasing spread. That has been in the mid-to-high single digits down versus previous resident and that is a function, of course, of new competition. And so on a blended basis, we point to 2019 in the 1% range for RevPAR. It really reflects those two factors. But it's blend frankly.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Tayo.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: I mean -- go ahead.
Tayo Okusanya: And then just one other point in regards to just that dividend outlook going into '19. Again when we kind of take a look at your guidance, make all the adjustments to kind of get to FAD, we kind of start getting to kind of like a mid-90%s type FAD dividend payout ratio. And just in light of that, wondering how you guys are thinking about the dividend?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for asking. The Board just increased the dividend in December and we feel very confident about our position relative to the dividend at the midpoint. It's in that low 80%s relative to normalized FFO. And as we said, we are committed to returning to growth and confident we can do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Bernstein of Capital One.
Daniel Bernstein: I think nobody said hi to Juan. So I'll say hi to Juan. I thought I'd say during the Q2 given that he was out of the way, but... maybe next time.
Debra Cafaro: Go ahead. We'll work at that, go ahead.
Daniel Bernstein: I'll just ask one question. So you've accelerated development on the life science side and I was wondering, did you see any potential for synergies between the MOB and life science development platforms given all of those university relationships, most of those universities have some very good hospital systems affiliated with them? Do you see any synergies to accelerate your MOB development as well?
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, it's a great question. So this is Pete Bulgarelli. Thanks for the question, Daniel. It's really a strategic focus for us. I mean there is an incredible overlap between our Research & Innovation portfolio and the opportunities with the MOB and the medical portfolio. And kind of in-between there is the academic medical function as well. So if you think about it typical, many of these universities we're working with, they have life science research, they also have med schools and they have academic medical facilities, and usually are leading research hospital. And so if we look at the opportunities, the cross-selling opportunities and the integration that we can do with those institutions, we see a lot of clear blue water.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. That's all I have, given it's already 11, 11 o'clock. I'll hop off.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for being considerate. We appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Bob, I wanted to touch on the $10 million rent adjustment you mentioned in your prepared remarks. Do you have the timing for those reductions and how many tenants that relates to?
Debra Cafaro: Mike, it's Debbie. It's a handful of tenants and it would be throughout the year.
Michael Carroll: And did Ventas receive anything in return, I guess for doing those rent adjustments? And was there any discussion to move that to the management portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Right. As Bob said, this has not occurred, and so this is a bit of an estimate, our best estimate, albeit regarding our expectations for '19. While we've modeled it and forecasted as just a Triple-Net roll down estimate, as Bob said, there is a whole variety of things that might happen including, as you suggest, a transition of those assets to other operators and the management contract into our asset sales. And so that's -- we expect really for it to be a combination of those things. But the easiest way to think about it, was how we put it in the numbers, which is in Triple-Net.
Michael Carroll: And then last question related to the 2019 guidance, does the range include any non-recurring items similar to the Ardent prepayment fee that was recorded in 2Q '18?
Robert Probst: No. Thank you for asking. We do not have fees or payments from tenants as we did last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lukas Hartwich of Green Street Advisors.
Lukas Hartwich: Hi. I'll just ask one. So, can you remind us what your plans are for the Ardent stake assuming that company does go public?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have about a $50 million investment in Ardent, and given the quiet period that Ardent's in, I would prefer to defer that discussion and tell another time.
Lukas Hartwich: Fair enough. All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Debra Cafaro: We're happy to do it.
Todd Stender: Thank you. So CapEx spend was up in Q4. Just looking at the office segment, it was about 22% of NOI, but more like 12% for the full year. Just I wanted to see what accounted for that spike in Q4. And then maybe what you're budgeting for 2019?
Robert Probst: We do see typically in the fourth quarter a ramp on FAD. We saw that again that's true across the portfolio, including our Office. We saw that again this fourth quarter. And then as we look at the guidance for '19 in terms of FAD CapEx, that reflects really some increases from -- in the Office, in particular, from lease up and is a consequence of that, that's the biggest driver.
Todd Stender: And then percentage of NOI, what's the fair number for 2019?
Robert Probst: For which?
Debra Cafaro: For the full year?
Todd Stender: For the full year or just for the Office segment?
Robert Probst: Mid-teens 15% or so.
Operator: And our last question comes from Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller: For the $10 million rent reduction that's in 2019, how different is that from the full annualized amount that will carry over into '20?
Debra Cafaro: Again, it depends on when and how it's structured. There could be some potential carryover effect that would make it a little bit larger for '20, but immaterial basically.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, that was it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: All right. Well, thank you. I just want to thank everyone for their attention to Ventas and your interest in our Company. We appreciate it greatly. Our whole businesses continues to be driven by this great demographic demand and need-based diversified resilient long-term cash flows. And our team is really in great shape and we feel good about our relationships with our partners and care providers, our balance sheet, our opportunity for growth externally and our large and growing development pipeline of terrific Research & Innovation assets. So we're feeling good and we look forward to seeing all of you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman and CEO Robert Probst - EVP and CFO Pete Bulgarelli - EVP of Office
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citi Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Chad Vanacore - Stifel Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Lukas Hartwich - Green Street Advisors Karin Ford - MUFG Securities Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Daniel Bornstein - Capital One Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks Irma. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company’s announcement today regarding its results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2018. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the Company’s operations and results is included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the Company’s other SEC filings. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning to all of our shareholders and others participants, it's great to be with you on today's Ventas third quarter earnings call. I’m also delighted to be joined by members of our Ventas team to report on another solid quarter and to highlight our financial strength, our investment and growth, expanded pipeline and partnerships, and commitments and recognition to ESG. After Bob provides detailed insights into our financial results, we will be happy to answer your questions. Let me start with our results and full-year 2018 expectation. We're pleased to report normalized funds from operations of $0.99 per share this quarter to improve our full-year normalized FFO expectation and to confirm our same-store cash NOI expectations for the year. Turning now to our enterprise and capital allocation strategy, we continue to enhance the long-term durability of Ventas by following our differentiated and deliberate approach of investing in our future growth with top tier customers and extending and expanding our key partnership. First, this quarter and immediately following, we invested approximately a 100 million in attractive medical office building and outpatient facility with two key partners, Ardent and Pacific Medical. We also announce our pending acquisition of a premier independent senior living community, located in the appealing Battery Park neighborhood of downtown Manhattan, firmly establishing our leadership in the high-end senior living Manhattan market. Second, we extended our exclusive partnership with Pacific Medical or PMB for a further 10-year term. With almost 50 years of experience and outpacing facility development with key U.S. health systems, PMB's knowledge and expertise and development is extraordinary. The attractive MOB investments we made this quarter are an example of the benefits of our partnership with PMB. As is our trophy MOB development attached to Sutter, new flagship hospitals in downtown San Francisco, which is on track to open in early 2019. We're also happy to report on the great performance lease-up and delivery of our university based research and innovation centers. Our forward pipeline of excellent projects is robust and growing. In light of strong university demand, our leading market position and the positive risk reward investment profile of this project, we intend to ramp-up our investment activity in this space. The attractiveness of our university base development model was recently brought to light at a summit hosted by Ventas and our partner Wexford. The buzz among attendees was palpable as we brought together leaders from universities and academic medical centers to share ideas and discuss innovative approaches to achieving their strategic goals. Our partner Wexford is a trusted advisor, catering to university needs and enjoys an incredible track record and reputation for conceiving building leasing and delivering powerful knowledge communities on university campuses that supercharge research and innovation. We are proud to partner with these leading universities and Wexford and to fund and own these knowledge communities for the long-term. In this business, I would like to note that one of our newest research and innovation buildings at Penn just opened. This project which is on the precipice of already being 90% leased further builds out our footprint in the attractive U City submarket. The success of this project follows on the heels of another recently owned project at WashU's Cortex Innovation District, which we expect to be a 100% leased very shortly. Finally, Atria Senior Living also continues to distinguish itself. In addition to Atria's consistent operational excellence in our portfolio, it just linked to a 3 billion agreement with a Related Companies to develop high-end urban senior living projects in major markets. We are effectively a general partner in these potential projects through our one-third ownership interest in Atria. With Atria's expertise and Related's world-class development capabilities, we are excited about the potential for this deal. I would like to turn to another area where we are making significant investments specifically environmental, social and governance or ESG matters. We believe that our commitment to ESG principals underpins our long-term success. This year, we have been recognized repeatedly by leading organizations for our positive impact. Today, we are pleased to launch our inaugural corporate sustainability report showing our leadership and commitment to ESG policies and practices. I would like to give a special shout out to our whole ESG team who work long and hard at improving our ESG profiles showcase in this excellent report. To my mind, sustainability starts with financial strength and resilient cash flows from a high quality diverse portfolio. At Ventas, we are focused on both. This quarter, we continued our proactive and successful efforts to build financial strength and reduce risk through debt refinancing and maturity expansions, and our portfolio produce growing same-store cash NOI per of 1.3% as a result of its quality and diversification and product type in operating model. Looking at macro senior housing trends, we are very encouraged with the recently reported continued improvement in senior living starts, which are at a five-year low. Importantly, in primary markets, net absorption in assisted living in the third quarter of 2018 was the strongest third quarter for net demand on record. However, it has been widely documented, we expect to experience another year of elevated deliveries in 2019, as the industry works its way through the opening of new communities that were started in anticipation of the demographic demand that will accelerate in the coming years. If current trends continue, the current supply demand equation will surely reverse in our favor and that's why our senior housing assets continue to be so highly valued. Finally, we are always mindful that seniors live in our communities, patients are receiving healthcare in our facility, and tens of thousands of employees are serving in our properties. Thus we were heartened when all seniors, patients, physicians and employees were reported safe despite the devastation of recent hurricanes Florence and Michael. We are thankful for the preparation and execution by our care providers especially Ardent whose team exercised extraordinary efforts in the phase of the storm. We sincerely thank our operating partners for their preparedness and care. In sum, our cohesive team is confident in our enterprise and our continued success. This confidence is founded on the resiliency of our portfolio, our financial strength, our focused in increasing investment in our future growth, the quality of our partnerships and relationship and accelerating demographic demand. I'm now happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert Probst: Thank you, Debby, and congratulations on once again being named, as one of the top 100 best-performing CEOs in the world by Harvard Business Review. I'll begin with a review of our segment level performance which on a combined basis delivered portfolio same-store cash NOI growth of 1.3% in the third quarter. Let me start this segment discussion with SHOP and the key leading indicator for future SHOP performance, namely the new construction starts. We are very excited that the trend line of the lower and new construction starts in our trade areas continued in the third quarter. In fact, new store starts for our portfolio are at the lowest level observed in nearly five years. Annualized new starts for the first 3 quarters of 2018 represents just 1.7% of inventory in our trade areas, well below the roughly 2% near-term demand growth rate for our senior target market. In terms of current performance, third quarter SHOP NOI performed in line with our expectations with same-store cash NOI lower versus prior year by 2.7%. Occupancy was ahead of our expectations while rate growth moderated together delivering 1.2% revenue growth in the quarter. Occupancy in the third quarter reached 88%, a sequential improvement of 80 basis points, which is better than our normal seasonal trends and better than the industry overall as reported by NIC. On a year-over-year basis, the GAAP in SHOP occupancy also improved in the third quarter to 60 basis points below Q3 of 2017. Third quarter RevPAR growth moderated to 1.8% as new competition drove wider releasing spreads. Operating expenses grew 3.1% in the third quarter. Wage cost per hour continued to run at roughly 4%, partially offset by more efficient staffing levels and reduced indirect costs. At a market level, we're seeing strong NOI growth in Los Angeles and San Francisco meanwhile NOI is lower in markets expected by new competition such as Atlanta and Chicago. Our SHOP 2018 full-year same-store NOI guidance range remains unchanged at minus to 1% to minus 3%. Though we will give formal guidance in February with the benefit of observing our year-end finish and early start to next year, we do expect elevated levels of new deliveries to continue in 2019. As a result, same-store shop NOI may evidence a similar year-over-year percentage decline in 2019 as in 2018. That said, with the positive trend of lower new starts together with accelerating demand, we do expect supply demand fundamentals to offer powerful senior housing upside overtime. Our valuable office reporting segment which comprises 26% of our portfolio, increased same-store cash NOI by a robust 3.5% in the third quarter. The office segment was led by a terrific result from our university-based life science portfolio, which grew same-store cash NOI by 12.4% in the third quarter as a result of strong lease up activity. The total life science portfolio grew NOI by nearly 23% in the third quarter, fueled by exciting new projects that at Wash U, Duke and Penn. For the full year life science same-store pool in 2018, we continue to expect very robust same-store NOI growth in the range of 3% to 4%. Our reliable and valuable medical office business grew same-store NOI by 1.1% in the third quarter as a result of increased in place escalators approximately 3%, and best-in-class tenant retention of nearly 87%. Q3 operating expenses were 3% higher versus prior year due in part to timing of expenses. We continue to forecast a 1.5% to 2.5% full year NOI increase from our same-store medical office portfolio. Our combined office portfolio of life science and MOB assets, same-store cash NOI guidance range is also unchanged at 1.75% to 2.75% growth for the full year 2018. A quick note on the recent hurricanes is appropriate here, as their principal impact was on two Ventas-owned MOBs and one Ardent-owned hospital in Panama City, Florida, which were significantly damaged. It is too early to determine the financial impacts of the hurricanes and therefore they are not included in our guidance. Moving onto our triple-net lease segment, which grew overall same-store cash NOI by 3% in the third quarter, in place, lease escalations were the primary driver of this increase. In terms of rent coverage, trailing 12-month EBITDAR on coverage in our triple-net same-store seniors housing portfolio held steady at 1.2 times through Q2, our latest available reporting period. Notably, the asset sales announced as part of the Brookdale transaction are progressing. We expect the first tranche of these sales to occur in 2019. And our triple-net post-acute portfolio, cash flow coverage held steady at 1.4 times. We continue to expect our LTAC to generate improving results in the second half of 2018 with operational strategies mitigating LTAC criteria. In health systems, Ardent coverage remains strong and steady at 2.9 times on the back with solid second quarter. Momentum at Ardent continues and the business is performing exceptionally well. We are holding our 2018 same-store NOI guidance range for the triple-net portfolio overall to grow between 2.5% and 3%. Finally, our book of loans extended by Ventas now stands at 4% of NOI, down from 7% at the star of 2018 due to repayments of profitable loans. We expect further reductions to our loan investment book with maturities on existing loans of roughly $300 million in the second half of 2019, with proceeds earmarked to fund our exciting life science development pipeline. Let's turn to our overall company third quarter financial results. Normalized FFO per share was $0.99 in the third quarter. This result was principally driven by two factors. First, the expected receipt of a $0.03 per share fee from Kindred successful go private transaction in July. And second, the dilutive net impact of $1.3 billion in dispositions and loan repayment proceeds received in the first half of the year and used to reduce debt. Stepping back since 2005, we have completed nearly $8 billion in value creating capital recycling activity. Over that same time period, we've also been highly proactive in refinancing our debt maturities to extend duration and limit interest rate exposure. In 2018 alone, we have retired or refinanced $3.2 billion in debt. As a result, we have a strategic asset in our sector leading financial strength and flexibility, some evidence from the third quarter, fixed charge coverage was 4.6 times at quarter end, our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio stood at 5.4 times less than 12% of our total debt matures in the next three years, and we enjoyed liquidity of nearly $3 billion. Our aggressive efforts to reduce debt, extend and stagger our maturity profile and significantly reduce medium-term refinancing risk has already paid-off as we completed these efforts prior to the recent strong move upwards in rates. Let's close up the prepared remarks with our 2018 guidance for the Company. For 2018, for the third time this year, we are improving our full-year outlook for normalized FFO per fully diluted share, which we now forecast to range between $4.03 and $4.07. We have also confirmed our total and segment level same-store cash NOI guidance for the full year 2018. The assumptions within this guidance range are substantially the same as our previous guidance in July, including the previously described 1.3 billion in capital recycling and related debt retirement. To closeout, the Ventas team is cohesive, determined and sharply focused on delivering against our financial commitments as we closeout 2018. With that, I'll hand it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just on your SHOP guidance for next year. [indiscernible] So you pointed out, this is about 7% as in place inventory under construction primary market. Do you have a sense of what percentage will open over the course of 2019, which you think it would like kind of similar to what in the 12 months trailing that you just mentioned? And just on that front, what are your operators telling you about wage increases going forward into next year their expectations around that?
Robert Probst: This is Bob here. First of all just to clarify, in early indication for SHOP of 2019, I would say as opposed formal guidance we'll give that in February. But there are things, we now know standing here today which include deliveries having seen three quarters of the year, we have a pretty good view into delivery levels next year. And our view today is that they are roughly in line with where we are going to see 2018 pan out, so effectively equivalent on the deliveries line. And there in light to the comment to say, we expect performance in '19 to look quite similar to '18 in terms of year-over-year. And within that of course the same things, I would highlight whether it would be price occupancy wages and the same thing will likely play out in '19 as we saw in '18. But again, we want to see the year-end, we want to see the rate letters and so on before you give formal guidance.
Smedes Rose: And then just with your relationship with Atria, will you be investing more capital into that relationship now given their announcement with Related or does that remain unchanged?
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie, Smedes. The deal with Related is a really exciting one and has potential to be 3 billion of high-end urban senior living overtime. And we will have the opportunity of course to invest capital in effectively general partner position in those projects. And then, if there are other opportunities to invest capital on the projects that we see as attractive, those opportunities could manifest for us as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: On holiday, I just wanted to ask about that some of your peers have been talking about having been [indiscernible] scared about converting some of the leases in triple-net through idea. Can you confirm if you've been and how you are thinking about your exposure? And also as part of those broader discussions, are you interested in acquiring any incremental holiday asset at this point in the cycle given maybe some available for sale?
Debra Cafaro: So, I would like to put holiday into context for Ventas. It's about 3% of our NOI and as you know they did a deal with new senior that is public that has a conversion of assets from a lease to management fee, management structure with the payment of large fee connected therewith. I think just like every other customer that we have, we would typically engage in conversation just like we did with Brookdale, just like we have done with Kindred over the years. And we will be thoughtful I think and have a lot of ways of coming up with optimal changes should we believe they are appropriate.
Juan Sanabria: And then just on the seniors housing on the regular side going back to that, can you comment on how newer renewals spreads are trending? And if there has been any expansion between those two, just looking at the sequential same-store numbers, it looked like RevPAR did come down despite occupancy ticking up. I'm not sure, if you could comment on what drove that specifically, I don’t know if that was equipped to Related or not?
Robert Probst: Sure, I think you're referring to RevPAR which was 2.1% year-over-year in the second quarter, 1.8% in the third quarter, and that is driven by what I call releasing spreads or new leasing spreads, if you want to refer to that way. In other words, former resident to new resident, what does that look like that I quoted last quarter was about mid single digits down and that has widened a bit. Again, that's one of the artifacts of new competition. So that's really what's driving that drift sequentially?
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Bob, the quarterly run rate, as the run rate has bounced around this year and the guidance is currently implying that there's going to be another drop in the fourth quarter even if you exclude the Kindred fee this quarter. Can you kind of provide some color? And what is the correct run rate of FFO? And what's driving the drop between 4Q and 3Q?
Debra Cafaro: We've been asked to repeat the questions. I understand there maybe some static on the operators line, so which we apologize. So, I think in sum, the question is really to discuss the fourth quarter normalized FFO rate implied in our 2018 guidance.
Robert Probst: Right and I'd just frame that again, the third quarter FFO was $0.99 that included a $0.03 Kindred fee, which we were very explicit about last quarter. In fact, we see as of this call last quarter, that's in the third quarter when you adjust for that, that's $0.96. As you say, the implied midpoint when we look at the fourth quarter is approximately $0.94. What's going on there? The key as we think about and this is the first half and second half conversation, but most no evidence in the fourth quarter is the cumulative impact of the dispositions that we've seen over the last year, including the LHP repayment, including the Kindred dispositions of last year, effectively using those pre-proceeds to retire debt. And so, that now really is complete, it was complete as of the end of the second quarter, and therefore we're seeing that run rate impacts really manifest in the fourth quarter.
Michael Carroll: And then last question for me. Debbie, I think in your prepared remarks that you highlighted that you expect the ramp-up investment within the Wexford platform. Can you quantify what that ramp-up means? It seems like the investments and churning between 300 million to 500 million. Will 2019 exceed that pace?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned, we're seeing a lot of good projects, the timing, they are large and they are high quality projects with a lead institution either existing customers or new universities. And the timing is harder to predict with certainty, but I could see that substantially increasing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: I guess I just want to follow up on that last line of questioning. Bob, you've made the comment that most of the dispositions were sort of done by the end of the second quarter. So, I would've thought that the negative impact would have been felt fully in the third quarter and therefore there wouldn’t be a further drop down in Q3 to Q4. So can you just or maybe help me understand where all of those really not done by the second quarter? Or is there something else that's kind of dragging down Q4?
Robert Probst: Sure, Steve. The question is, why there is 96 go to 94 third quarter to fourth quarter sequentially when adjusted for the Kindred fee. And I would point the seasonality particularly in SHOP for that difference, that’s the key item the fourth quarter on dollars basis is seasonally lowest at that stage, and that's really the biggest driver, Steve.
Debra Cafaro: And that really has to do with seniors' behavior moving in and around the holidays and things like that. So, that’s a typical pattern.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson of Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: So, if I could get back to the run rate question, I think Mike asked earlier. So, if you take 94 multiplied by for your 376, consensus for next year $4. I know you are not giving guidance, but let me maybe frame the question this way. I know, you also said that you're ready to do some more on the life science side, but is this the time to be a buyer in senior housing as well before this inevitable turn starts to happen. I think everybody on this call is waiting for the next big thing from Ventas and I'm wondering, how you feel about that in context with what The Street is currently thinking about you guys for 2019?
Debra Cafaro: Okay, so, I'll try to repeat the question. I think it started with woo hoo, but the question is really around a buying senior housing, if I could summarize, Rich.
Rich Anderson: The noise just went down a little bit. So when you annualized your 94 run rate, you get to a lower number for '19 versus what The Street is currently expecting. And I'm wondering, if perhaps the missing variable is something going on, is this the time that Ventas to be buying senior housing before the recovery actually starts to take shape?
Debra Cafaro: Well, good question. So I would say that we are for example buying the trophy Battery Park asset because we do see strength there. The good news as I said is our assets are very highly valued, so there continues to be a very strong bid in senior housing for the inevitable upturn. And we are continuing to look at investment opportunities that we think are -- will do something for Ventas strategically, accretively, so very open to value creating transactions. And so, as always, we will be opportunistic, and if there is a next big thing, you will be the first to know.
Rich Anderson: And then, if I could just get a reconciliation and explanation. Bob, you reiterated the same-store guidance of 75 basis points to 1.5%, but it's on the back of the supplemental. The range in the more detailed breakout is lower 0.6% to 1.3%. What is the difference?
Debra Cafaro: Rich, can you refer us again to the page, we didn’t hear you?
Rich Anderson: It's the last sort of guidance breakout page of the supplemental. And if you look at it the total same store growth is 0.6% to 1.3%, and I'm just curious what the difference is between new published same-store outlook?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, our total company outlook which has been reaffirmed is the 0.75 to 1.5.
Robert Probst: The difference, Rich, you'll see a line item there which is called fees that's the Brookdale cash fee we received in the year. And if you adjust for that item, it's included in the guidance, but we want to show it with and without that item and that's the difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: It looks like there maybe a little bit of an increase appetite for traditional MOBs. Any insight you could offer there? And maybe a little of the compare contrast on what is sold versus purchased since the end of last quarter?
Debra Cafaro: So the question was really about our investments in outpatient in MOBs. We have built a great business here which is at 19% and 20% of our portfolio. We like this business. It's been a very steady grower, very reliable. And then, I'm going to turn to people who really are new leader of the business and talk about what we like about the investments that we make.
Pete Bulgarelli: Sure. Thanks Debbie. As Debbie said in here opening remarks, we've been very opportunistic and careful of our investments, but these five assets that we've bought and the one additional we felt our operating pieces very well. They are in great locations, primarily in California, Arizona and Texas. They are associated with great hospitals Baylor, Dignity and Tenants. They are essentially fully leased, and very importantly, they are associated with key partners of ours. One of them is associated with Ardent, and we have an existing MOB in the same campus, and five others are with PMB, our key development partner. And the last piece is that all these transactions were off market, and so they were very attractively priced.
Jordan Sadler: Pete, can you just expand on maybe the asset that was sold. I know it was -- I think you had a 40% stake in that one, but the cap rate there was a bit higher relative to the going new cap rates on the acquisition. Can you talk about the quality or the caliber of that asset?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, this is Debbie. Real quickly, Jordan, the question was about a sold asset, not with pursuant to a purchase option.
Jordan Sadler: Lastly, one more quick one for, Bob. Bob, can you just clarify that releasing spreads scout that you quoted. Does that include concessions or is that just straight face value to face value?
Robert Probst: That's face rent face, value to face value, but it's actuals, so it's not like a street price against which are a significant discount, it's actuals. So, I think it's a pretty clean number.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: On your early indication for SHOP, next year, can you provide some color on some of the key components of this? In other words may occupancy be higher offset by lower rate growth and high expenses?
Robert Probst: I'll summarize the question. Could we have some more insight into your '19 early indications, as we look to the P&L, and I would say the themes again very similar, and if you just look at the third quarter P&L, I think it's a nice guide as we think about next year in the sense of year-over-year occupancy has been improving albeit, still a gap to prior a year. Some moderating pricing, I expect we will still have nice way -- nice price increases on the in place annual rent letters that we get in the beginning of the year, but I do expect we will have some of the continued pressure through releasing spreads in the balance of the year. And then on the operating expense line, certainly, the tight labor market wage pressure will carry on as we think about next year. The operators have done a wonderful job this year as I have said, repeatedly, and the staffing models and how they have managed that cost. I do expect there's some run way to continue there as we think about next year but again yes, we get that relative to the occupancy line also, so very thematically similar to the P&L, as we look at the third quarter.
John Kim: Bob, for this year's guidance, your CapEx I think the FAD is 145 million as a midpoint, but year-to-date, your FAD CapEx was 79 million. Are these two comparable figures?
Robert Probst: A great question. So, we typically, the question is the ramp on FAD CapEx for the fourth quarter and is it achievable would be my interpretation of the question because it is a significant ramp. We typically do you have seasonally in the fourth quarter a significant increase. That hill decline this year is a bit steeper. So all its equal perhaps, we have little bit of core opportunity there. But seasonally, we do expect a significant increase in the fourth.
John Kim: And finally, on the feedbacks in the NIC conference seems to be there is an abundant amount of capital looking at the healthcare space. I'm wondering if you agree with this characterization that it's increased and also what verticals that may impact the both?
Debra Cafaro: So the question is really is about the capital that's interested in our business lines. And the answer is, yes, they are over the 20 years when I couldn’t get anyone to talk me about healthcare at the beginning to now where it has been a highly institutionally attractive business for all the qualities we discussed, whether it's MOBs and the core like returns that you get there, the demographic to me and in the asset classes that we have, the private pay nature of senior housing and multifamily shared characteristics. We are very attractive and therefore capital is coming our way and that continues to enhance and improve the value of our assets, as people look to the coming years when, not too long from now 20% of the population will be in the senior category. So, you are 100% right with the interest in our verticals.
John Kim: But is that broad based or is it specific factors that may benefit more than others?
Debra Cafaro: And it is fairly broad based at the moment. I do think that the highest interest from institutional capital is in senior living and MOB outpatients, but we also see significant interest in the hospital space. For example, as we look to the performance of the public and rate increases, that have started in the fourth quarter, so it's fairly broad based.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Vanacore of Stifel. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: Just a couple of quick ones here. One point of clarification, your supplement shows, we're going to have dispositions year-to-date, but guidance only assumes 1.3 billion. Since it doesn’t seem to refer a net observation, what’s the difference there?
Robert Probst: The question is on the SHOP, we show 1.5 billion of growth, dispositions, our guidance is 1.3. The difference is our share, Chad, of data that. So, it's now a 100% owned, so that's a net difference.
Chad Vanacore: And then just looking at your segment guidance, your overall NOI guidance changed, but SHOP looks a little bit lower and then the non-segment is higher. So what’s pushing that non-segment guidance higher?
Debra Cafaro: The question is about our segment guidance which again we've reconfirmed from the July 27th guidance, and Bob can speak specifically, if there's anything further you'd like to add.
Chad Vanacore: What's pushing the non-segment guidance higher?
Robert Probst: Yes, some small amount of acquisitions. The net impact to small amount of acquisitions that we've built in and is in non-same-store, so that's the difference.
Chad Vanacore: And what assets are in there?
Robert Probst: Those that we have been reported in the supplemental, that's…
Chad Vanacore: Let’s move on. So just any update on your selling of Brookdale leased assets you're early in the year the degree to market up to 30 million of rents?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we, as you recall, did a deal with Brookdale that extended the leases and had some other components in it, including asset sales of about 16% of the portfolio to prune the portfolio and improve the quality, and that does represent probably about 30 million in rents. And so, as Bob mentioned in his remarks, those are starting to get underway.
Chad Vanacore: Just early in that marketing stage is right now?
Debra Cafaro: I would say just emerging, yes, it's premarketing I would say at this point. So, we expect those to happen. Those sales to happen overtime and as you recall they would basically be effectively at a 6 in the quarter to Ventas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: I might ask one additional question, if you don’t mind. But the first one again is, I think the [indiscernible] kind of alluded to this earlier on. When people just trying to take the look at the run rate, it's almost kind of implies on something did have to happen next in order for Ventas to get closer towards consensus numbers. And you talked a little bit about university MOBs been an area you want to put more money to work in. Just curious one, is that somewhere you can actually group really quickly like they were expert type transaction available in that group? And if it’s not a university MOB type deal, would you possibly consider hospitals where again the deals there pretty attractive relative to your cost of capital?
Debra Cafaro: So the question really is about the fourth quarter run rate and how that may relate to analyst consensus numbers. I mean I would just say that when we provide guidance, we typically do so with limited to know acquisitions in them, and we will obviously do so consistent with our practice in February. And other than that, I think I would just repeat what Bob said about the fourth quarter 2018 run rate.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. But again that's made me think of the acquisition outlook again on the MOB side. Is that something big that would happen outside of the traditional space more in this university -- I'm sorry the university life science's side allow expert? Or is it a hospital type transaction that could make up a difference, if you will be actively looking at that space?
Debra Cafaro: As you know, our acquisitions and investments are always difficult to predict which is -- and they are lumpy. We have done more than our share over the years. We had these great relationships that we are able to leverage to find good strategic accretive acquisitions. And they could be across the board of our asset classes. I do want to remind you that our number one capital allocation priority is really in the development of these university based knowledge communities. And so, when we talk about investing in future growth, those are assets that we will deploy capital into we will ramp that capital, and that generally takes multiple years in order to produce cash flow EBITDA. But we are thereby creating a very high quality company, very high quality portfolio and investing in future growth. So I think that’s an important other aspect as you think about our investment priorities going forward. We will continue to be opportunistic. We will continue to look across the board as we have in the past. But those tend to be again unpredictable and therefore we generally don’t attempt to predict them well you guys sometimes try to.
Tayo Okusanya: Another quick one for Bob. Again, I'm sure it's nothing I am just missing, but the big jump in the triple-net leased rental income from 2Q to 3Q. So I'm just trying to understand what that was?
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, we are having some back, feedback too. So could you repeat the question please?
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. It's one for Bob. The triple-net lease rental income sort of a big jump in 3Q versus 2Q grew by $23 million. I'm just trying to understand what that was? Did you get that?
Robert Probst: We had a write-off about 22 million as a result of based to closure of JV that we have that had Brookdale, [Multiple Speakers]. The Brookdale lease extension pardon me, was approximately 21 million that we wrote off in the second quarter last year or last second quarter.
Tayo Okusanya: Just last quarter and [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Probst: But we don't have that sequentially, so that’s FAD item.
Tayo Okusanya: So, it's a SHOP one item. [Multiple Speakers]
Debra Cafaro: Yes, remember that and then just to repeat, that’s a noncash item.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lukas Hartwich of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Lukas Hartwich: Given the tight coverage on triple-net senior housing, I'm just curious, how comfortable you guys that those properties are receiving the necessary CapEx to not only maintain but also compete effectively with all the new supply growth?
Debra Cafaro: So, let me repeat the question, I think it was about the triple-net senior housing portfolio and CapEx expenditures. So most of our leases have minimum CapEx required expenditures most it's not all, and so, we monitor that and that's the way we ensure that the assets continue to be in good market position. I would also add that the Brookdale which off course is 40 plus percent of that portfolio that does have minimum expenditure requirements. And we also agreed with Brookdale that for other CapEx that we think would keep the assets in excellent market positioning. And so on and so forth that we would consider funding additional CapEx for and market returns. And so, there are two different way really that I could give as examples of the way we can ensure that those triple-net assets continue to maintain market positioning.
Lukas Hartwich: Can you provide some color on the strong print for life science NOI growth?
Robert Probst: Sure. The question was the strong quarter, we had in life science so 12% growth and that was really first and foremost lease up particularly in one of our newer communities that we have with Brown in Rhode Island, which is now a 100% occupied performing incredibly well, and that is really the driver for the quarterly pool. On the full-year pool basis, we continue to do incredibly well as also over 4% growth on the full-year pool, so strong which way you look at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Karin Ford of MUFG Securities. Your line is open.
Karin Ford: I wanted to ask about the Battery Park acquisition. What sort of accretion opportunity do you see there? How do you expect the 5% cap rates to trend? And would you like additional scale in New York City?
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is really about the pending Battery Park asset acquisition that is a deal that we're excited about. We've been in the Manhattan senior living market really since 2011, and we think that the pricing on this asset is well below replacement cost. So, we could foresee with the attractive demographics in New York and the unique positioning of this asset, that we would have obviously just stabilize NOI growth going forward, and there are potential redevelopment and licensing opportunities overtime that could provide additional opportunities for really great returns. So, we have multiple path to success is what I would conclude.
Karin Ford: And the next question is just follow-up on John's question from earlier. Are you seeing any change in the cap rates in any of your segments? And have you changed your return expectations with the move up in base rates or with your increasing excitement about the university rates finance investments?
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is really on cap rates and sitting across from John Cobb, our Chief Investment Officer, and I would say that. This amount of capital that is attracted to our states for all the reasons previously mentioned is continuing to keep valuation high and cap rate relatively in the same range that they have been for several years now. And in terms of the way we underwrite assets we obviously are always looking at our cost to capital we are looking at the growth rate of the asset the reliability of the expected cash flows. And as we look at the university base like science, as we said at the beginning, there is a range of stabilized yields that we would expect that are in the frankly 6% to 8% or 8.5% range, depending on the profile of the asset. And as we have discussed before I'll give you an example, if you have a 100% preleased building with AA credit that is in a great location, that’s going to be on the lower end of that. If you have a 20% preleased building that obviously would have a different expected to stabilize cap rate. So that’s how we are looking at these opportunities, but the big takeaway is that the end of the day, as we grow this part of our portfolio, it is increasing and improving the overall age, quality and reliability of our portfolio with these highly rated really elite institutions. So hope that's responsive Karen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Back to the MOB transactions, the cap rates shown on the four you acquired was 5.6. Does that include any fees you paid PMB or maybe you could talk about some of the economics around your relationship with PMB? And just how did you get that what I would consider above market growth [indiscernible]?
Debra Cafaro: As Pet said, the question is about the yields on the acquired MOBs, and as Pete said because these were assets that we acquired through existing relationships. We do think the pricing is very attractive. In terms of the NOI to the extent that there is a management fee for the assets, that’s embedded in the cap rate already.
Todd Stender: And how about same store expectations for these four, I think Pete may have said they are California exposure or maybe Texas, I forget the other states, but there is a range of NOI expectations?
Debra Cafaro: Again, what we like about the MOBs is the core likely churns and the steady returns, and so we would expect that type of normal MOB year-over-year in growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Bornstein of Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bornstein: I'll sort of switch it up just a little bit and just ask about, how ESL is doing and whether that was the outlook for '19? I know its preliminary outlook includes ESL performance in that.
Robert Probst: Yes, so ESL now, I guess 8 months older itself and maybe 10, continuing to roll out operational initiatives, I'd say Cai and team are deep into that right now, things like the staffing model and the operating model, and really bringing best practice there. So they are on it. Certainly, we've seen some transition impact in terms of NOI that's always expected. But again, I think we've stabilized on that and were looking forward to the impact of those initiatives as it is rolling amount.
Daniel Bornstein: Are they performing better or worse than the general Ventas previous SHOP portfolio? I'm just trying to -- do they have positive NOIs or the negative NOI that we're seeing in…
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think again. This is Debbie. When you have a transition, you basically are getting to stabilization point which as Bob said were at a stabilization point and then overtime, you would expect it to perform basically in line with the industry but offset to the positive potentially as operating initiatives take hold. So directionally you would expect from here to be the same, but again with some upside as we've discussed before from operating and occupancy improvements overtime.
Daniel Bornstein: And one last quick one here on life science, we've always talked about hospitals and universities monetizing MOBs. Is there any opportunity to buy life science assets rather than just develop any discussion with universities to monetize or existing life science assets?
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is about acquisitions of university based kind of research and innovation life science assets and the answer is, that was and has been a trend in medical office for several decades, and we are seeing that as well in the university in the life science space.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Smedes. I had a couple of questions. The first is just on senior housing supply. And you talked in your comments about how you are pleasantly surprised by the reduction in the growth rate, but at the same time you talked about and you see both Related and Atria launching $3 billion at the high end senior housing. I guess what gives you confidence that the supply is not going to stop anytime soon especially with that demographic range that will come out in the future?
Debra Cafaro: Mike, you snuck in here. We thought this was Smedes. So, we'll open and close with the call with Citi I guess. So the question is really about senior housing supply, and I think the key data points are around new starts which are very encouraging in the sense that they are at a five year low. And as we were able to predict years ago that supply would be coming at this moment, I think based on the data that we now see one could expect we can predict a big upside as we look at the data sitting here today in the coming years. So it is true that there continues to be interest in the assets and interest in developing as we talked about with the Related high-end urban developments, and that continues. But if these trends continue that we are seeing now with start then we feel very optimistic and upbeat about the supply demand fundamentals being very much in our favor.
Michael Bilerman: Just a couple of others. Bob just on the loan portfolio running at about 800 million. Is there any maturities that we should be aware or prepayments that you are aware of as we think about 2019?
Robert Probst: Yes, Michael, we have 300 million approximately of loans maturing in 2019 into the back half of 2019. That is all that matures next year. So that today we have 4% of NOI implication obviously is that we would have a lower percentage now of our loan book in our -- as a percent of NOI next year.
Michael Bilerman: As we think about when you do provide guidance your assumption around that would be that that gets repaid and not replenished in that capital just goes to repay debt or you would make an assumption that you will find other loans to invest in?
Robert Probst: Yes, right now where you are marking that Michael for reinvestment to the life science development pipeline.
Michael Bilerman: And then actually on the pipelines for a redevelopment and development standpoint, your gross pipeline right now stands at about $1,730,000,000 your share, and you recently completed about $200 million of development and redevelopment. How should we think about the tailwinds that those investments give you as we go through '19? Certainly not all the assets are going to stabilized by then, but a number of them a lot of them are going to start producing income in '19. How should we think about the yield on that 1 billion of in process and completed development at your share?
Robert Probst: So, you are right on, Michael, we will start to see, starting in '19, but really accelerate from there. The income benefit of these developments in particular in life science, some of which have recently opened, but we mentioned for example, WashU, Penn to name a few. Those we really start to pick up steam in the back half of '19 and into '20. So, certainly a tailwind as we come out in February with the puts and takes that’s certainly on the good side work. We are excited about that, but it really takes off in '20.
Michael Bilerman: And then on the redevelopment, it would be helpful, seems like you have the dates for the development on Page 20 in your supplemental. Just so on the redevelopment side, when -- because that’s obviously a big chunk almost 0.5 billion. When those start to become income producing from the date perspective the same way you have it on Page 21 for the active development pipeline?
Robert Probst: Michael good, so if I could just repeat that for everyone benefit, the idea of including some work completion information for investors and the analysts on the redevelopment page in terms of deliveries, I think we can look at that as good suggestion as we provide guidance going forward. I would add you do have to distinguish between senior housing developments and office developments because in senior housing while you are going through the post opening lease up period, you actually have some negatives EBITDA, as you have operating expenses, and so you get to lease up and breakeven. So it's important, if we provide that information that we also make sure people understand what the different impacts are of the different asset class developments and redevelopments, as they start to come online. But this is very good input and we appreciate it.
Michael Bilerman: Theirs is a lot of moving parts as we transition clearly the fourth quarter has the seasonality that Bob talked about on the senior housing side, as you roll into '19, you have the same-store pulling back modestly like it did this year. You have the investments that you're making which will start to earn income. There is a still lot of pieces to 2019 that we need to be taking into consideration.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, Michael is observing, so as best of if you can hear that there are lot of moving pieces to '19, which we've noticed recently actually and will look forward to enunciating those in February. And with that, I really want to certainly reaffirm how confident the team is and how aligned we are about going to get these opportunities, and we want to thank everyone for your support and attention, and we look forward to talking with you further at NAREIT. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman and CEO Robert Probst - EVP and CFO Pete Bulgarelli - EVP of Office
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Smedes Rose - Citi Michael Carroll - RBC Capital  Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Seth Canetto - Stifel Lukas Hartwich - Green Street Advisors Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James John Kim - BMO Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Daniel Bornstein - Capital One Karin Ford - MUFG Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Ventas Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company’s announcement today regarding its results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2018. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the Company’s operations and results is included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the Company’s other SEC filings. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Great Ryan, thank you so much. And good morning to all of our shareholders and others participants and welcome to the Ventas second quarter earnings call. I’m delighted to be joined by members of our Ventas team to highlight this quarter's strong result from a balanced and differentiated portfolio providing update on our strategic priorities and discuss our improved outlook for the year. Following my remarks our CFO, Bob Probst will review our segment performance and financial results in more depth before we welcome your questions. I'm happy to report that we are ahead of our initial expectations after a productive first half of the year. We have executed in our strategic priorities of recycling capital from profitable and well structured investments, improved our financial strength and liquidity and invested in our future. At the same time, we delivered on our financial commitments including growing our same-store cash, net operating income, increasing our operating cash flows and reporting robust financial results. In short, we are doing what we said we would and then some. So let's start with the results and our improved guidance for the year. We were pleased to grow normalized FFO by 2% to $1.8 per share. Our results benefited from the forecasted repayment of our successful Ardent Loans and related prepayment fees. This investment yielded excellent 12% total unlevered return and helped Ardent grow and achieve its strategic objectives. We are pleased that in the quarter our diversified portfolio grew same-store property cash NOI by 1.3% and full company cash flow from operations reached an all time high exceeding $400 million. Building on our achievements and strong performance year-to-date are nearly $300 million of Q2 investment activity and visibility into the back half of the year. We are delighted to update and improve both our company wide same-store NOI cash growth range and our full year expectations for normalized FFO to $4.2 to $4.7 per share. While Bob, will address our senior housing portfolio in detail. I'd like to say a word about performance and prospects in the business. First, we are benefiting from our strategy of partnering with market leaders and our SHOP portfolio. Those select operators who have this scale and skill to provide superior care for seniors and manage well in a challenging operating environment. From a larger market prospective, we were hardened to see that construction starts in senior housing as reported by NIC have continued to improve materially and in Q2 reached their lowest level nationally since 2012. In the second quarter, total national starts were 5344 units, which importantly was less than half to start at the construction peak in 2015. If this trend continues, it should overtime reverse the current supply demand in balance in our favor. We remain confident in the market opportunity and seniors housing and are well positioned to maximize the benefits from it. We know that the silver wave of the over 75 population will experience a net gain of 70 million individuals between 2020 and 2035, boarding well for our business and giving us confidence in the future while we manage through current operating condition. Turning to our capital recycling and balance sheet initiatives, I'm happy to highlight two key accomplishments. First, we've already received over $1.2 billion in proceeds from divesting of profitable investments year-to-date. In the quarter we reported $36 million in gains from asset sales totaling $137 million. Second, this week we extended our $900 million term loan at improved pricing. I want to sincerely thank our loyal banking partners for their continued strong support of our company. As a result of these accomplishments, we have already refinanced or repaid $2.5 billion in debt so far this year resulting in the best credit profile in our sector. Our outstanding balance sheet and liquidity position enables us to continue to invest in our future growth. I'd like to highlight our areas of focus and competitive advantage. First, let's talk about our expanding university base like science and innovation business, which now generates a $134 million in annualized NOI. Two projects opened this year and two other grounds up developments at Penn and Brown are moving toward completion. These projects are showing strong leasing trends and we will begin to see the NOI benefit from these projects in coming periods. We have a robust pipeline of high quality investment opportunities with leading research institutions that should enable us to continue to expand this business, which we have already grown by 40% since inception and it remains our number one capital allocation priority. We look forward to capitalizing on our momentum with our partner best-in-class developer Wexford as we further build out this exciting part of our business. Likewise, we also continue to invest in completion of our trophy Medical Office Building adjacent to AA rated Sutter Health’s new $2 billion hospital in Downtown, San Francisco which is expected to open in 2019. Here too leasing activity is strong and we moved from 52% to 82% preleasing in the second quarter. We are pleased that well recognized health system Sutter Health with its strong balance sheet is the primary tenant in the building. In addition, we see some incremental investment opportunities coming into focus mainly through our in-place relationships. The market is still highly competitive. Domestic and global capital sources remain extremely interested in our asset classes because of the cash flow and demand profile they offer. This interest supports our investments thesis and also proves out the significant value embedded in our asset base. In this environment, we are allocating our time and resources to value creating investments where we have a competitive advantage, deep relationship, or proprietary strategic insight. One of these unique opportunities arose in the second quarter in connection with Ardent's successful $1.5 billion recapitalization. In completing its strategic recapitalization in June, Ardent improved its cash flow by reducing its owing cost of debt and streamlined its capital structure. We supported Ardent's and made an investment with good risk adjusted return by buying $200 million dollars of its bond at a 10% yield. We remain very pleased with our Ardent partnership and investment. The year-to-date performance of the public hospital group, up 25%, and high valuation for the recently announced acquisition of LifePoint Hospital. Our excellent proof points for the value creation from our Ardent investment. We also want to congratulate our long standing partner, Kindred Healthcare, for closing on its go private transaction with two experienced healthcare private equity firms in July. Led by Ben Breier, Kindred is now a financially strong, ,operationally focused company that will retain and build on its position as a leading national care provider. Finally, Ventas markets 20th anniversary on May 1. That's a great moment to recognize the incredible Ventas team for its skill, collaboration, and dedication to shareholders and to each other. Over the last two decades, Ventas overcame significant diversity, delivered superior long-term results to shareholders through cycles. Built a sustainable balanced business with a high quality differentiated portfolio and best in class partners, generated reliable growing cash flows and dividends and maintained financial strength. We thank all of our shareholders, directors, and partners, as their support and contribution have been essential to our success. Sitting here as Ventas does at the exciting intersection of healthcare and real estate, with a large and growing market, powerful demand drivers, and a great team. We're confident we will continue to thrive and prosper over the next 20 years. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to my trusted partner, Bob Probst, our CFO.
Robert Probst: Thanks Debbie. In the second quarter, our diversified portfolio of healthcare, senior housing, and office properties grew same-store cash NOI by 1.3%. Let me outline our segment performance starting with SHOP, before turning to overall Company financial results and our updated and improved 2018 guidance. Our SHOP NOI performed in line with our expectations in the second quarter, with cash NOI lower versus prior year by 3.1%. Let me unpack that result in more detail. As predicted, the year-over-year occupancy gap in SHOP improved in the second quarter. Specifically, second quarter SHOP occupancy of 87% was 120 basis points below Q2 of 2017, an improvement from an occupancy gap of my minus 160 basis points in the first quarter of 2018. Our SHOP operators did a good job competing for occupancy in the quarter, especially given elevated openings of new communities in Q2. As expected, new units coming online in the second quarter in our trade areas increased 2.5x times sequentially. This high new level of new competition, moderated pricing growth, with second-quarter RevPAR increasing 2.1%. Q2 RevPAR included mid single digit declines in releasing spreads, as new communities computed on price to achieve lease up. Meanwhile, operating expenses grew 2.9% in the second quarter. Our operators continue to do a good job managing labor costs. However, to achieve the improving occupancy picture, our operators paid increased cost of customer acquisition including higher referral fees and marketing expenses. At a market level, we continue to see NOI growth in our stronghold markets including Los Angeles, Boston, and Ontario. This strength was offset by NOI declines in markets effected by new competition, such as Atlanta, Texas, Chicago, and certain secondary markets. Encouragingly, new construction starts in our trade areas in the first half of 2018 remain at significantly reduced levels, not seen in the last four years. New starts in the first half of 2018 represents just 1.6% of the annualized inventory in our trade areas. Well below the annualized 2% growth rate for the current 80 plus year-old senior population. At this stage in the year, we're pleased to raise the SHOP same-store guidance midpoint by 50 basis points by improving the low end of our range. SHOP same-store NOI is now expected to range from minus 1 to minus 3%, up from previous guidance of minus 1% to minus 4%, with the range dictated by the pacing impact of new deliveries. Also at our same-store Eclipse Senior Living or ESL has grown occupancy by over 200 basis points, since ESL took over the portfolio in late January. Meanwhile, Kai and team are busy rolling out operational excellence initiatives at the community level. Between occupancy gains and operational initiatives, we expect to mitigate the inevitable disruption in NOI that occurs with asset transitions. Moving on the triple-net, which grew overall same-store cash NOI by an outstanding 4.9% in the second quarter, in place lease escalations as well as $2.5 million in cash fees received from the Brookdale lease extension, contributed to this increase. In terms of rent coverage, trailing 12 month EBITDAR coverage in our triple-net same-store Seniors Housing portfolio held steady at 1.2x through Q1, our latest available reporting period. In each of the other triple-net segments, coverage declined 10 basis points sequentially. As rent has increased, while stronger first quarter results in 2017 have rolled out of the trailing 12 month calculation. In our triple-net IRF and LTAC portfolio, cash flow coverage was 1.4x as expected. We expect our LTAC to generate improving results in 2018 with operational strategies mitigating LTAC criteria, further supported by the focus in financial strength of the newly private Kindred Healthcare. In health systems, our rent experience some operating softness in the first quarter 2018 compared to an exceptionally strong Q1 of 2017. That said, its recent acquisitions, winning operating culture, and benefits of scale, should produce good results in the balance of the year. In skilled nursing triple net, which represents only 1% of our NOI, we experienced a continued decline in Genesis's performance given ongoing industry SNF headwinds. With an excellent first half, we're increasing our full-year 2018, same-store NOI guidance range for the triple net portfolio overall to now grow between 2.5% and 3%, up from the previous range of 2% to 3%. Please note that we have not retroactively adjusted our 2017 cash rent for the same-store pool, but rather used 2017 actual rent received in order to provide the apples-to-apples year-over-year same-store NOI comparison. Our variable office reporting segment, which comprises 26% of our portfolio, increased same-store cash NOI by 1.4% in the second quarter. Let's break out these results between our University-based life science and medical office portfolios. Our University-based life science assets went from strength-to-strength in second quarter, drawing same-store cash NOI by 4.4%. Occupancy levels are exceptional at over 97%. Meanwhile, rents in the second quarter were up by 4.2% versus prior year in the same-store pool. Even more exciting is the performance of the total life science portfolio, which grew NOI by nearly 24% in Q2, boosted by the success of recently opened projects at Brown, WashU, Duke and Wake Forest. For the full year same-store pool in 2018, we continue to expect very robust life science same-store NOI growth in the range of 3% to 4%. Turning to our medical office business, it's reliable and valuable segment generated roughly 20% of our Company NOI. MOB same-store NOI grew by 60 basis points in the second quarter. Tenant retention was an excellent 85%, while in place lease escalators approximated 3%. With the 1.3% growth to the first half of 2018, we expect NOI to accelerate in the second half and continue to forecast 1.5% to 2.5% full year increase from our same-store medical office portfolio. On a combined basis, we continue to expect our office portfolio of Life Science and MOB assets to grow 2018 same-store cash NOI in the range of 1.75% to 2.75%. Now on to some key highlights for the overall company's financial results. Normalized FFO per share in the second quarter grew 2% to a $1.8 driven by company-wide same-store growth of 1.3% and $0.08 of forecasted prepayment income from the earlier payment of our successful Ardent Loan. Meanwhile, we strategically recycled capital with year-to-date dispositions and proceeds from repayments of debt investments totaling over $1.2 billion effectively achieving our strategic objectives for the full year. Proceeds from this capital recycling has principally been used to retire debt enabling the company to improve its net debt balances by nearly $1 billion in just two quarters. As a result of capital recycling and proactive risk management, our balance sheet is in outstanding health. Our net debt EBITDA ratio now stands at an excellent 5.3 times and our debt to assets is also robust at 36%. Our maturity profile and duration of debt is also terrific with less than $1.4 billion in maturing debt through 2020-2021. Our duration was further extended yesterday through the renewal of $900 million in bank term loans with better pricing in a longer term that exceeds five years. Let’s wrap up the prepared remarks with our 2018 guidance for the company. For the second time this year we are improving our full-year outlook for normalized FFO for fully diluted share because of the confidence in our diversified business, operators, asset quality and mix. We now forecast normalized FFO to range between $4.02 and $4.07 representing over a penny increase of the midpoint and $0.03 improvement in the low end of the range. We are also pleased to raise our total same-store NOI by 25 basis points to 0.75% to 1.5% guidance range driven by higher triple net and SHOP same-store expectations. The implied second half normalized FFO at the midpoint of our updated guidance is approximately $1.91 per share largely as a result of two factors one, using $1.2 billion in year-to-date capital recycling at 8.6% GAAP yields principally to retire debt and two, normal seasonality in senior housing, which typically causes second half NOI dollars to be lower than the first half. A trend more pronounced this year because of expected elevated new openings in the second half. Also included in our FFO outlook is a previously forecasted $0.03 per share Kindred Merger Fee received in the third quarter. And finally as is our practice our guidance does not include any new unannounced acquisitions. To close as Debbie commented earlier, we are doing what we said and then some. The entire Ventas team is committed to do the same in the second half of 2018 and beyond. With that, I'll hand it back to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping we could spend a little time on the SHOP portfolio, the second half guidance implies a modest pick from the second quarter decline of 3.1, what's driving that and can you comment and occupancy trend to-date in the third quarter. I think Bob, you touched on that at the end of your prepared remarks and maybe if you just generally could talk about your thoughts about one fundamental for Probst.
Robert Probst: So it's probably easy to look at the back half of the year relative to the third quarter. And at the implied midpoint in the back half, we're expected to be about 3% down on NOI year-over-year, and that's obviously right in line with where we were in the second quarter. We raised the low end of the guidance range with our confidence, having had now half year under our belt. It was down roughly 1.2% with strong start to the year and with some better visibility now into deliveries in the year, which are indeed elevated as expected. So, it's playing out pretty much as we thought. Occupancy has been at the better end of our guidance range both in the second quarter and trending early, very early, here in the third quarter to be the same. But the guidance range is put out at beginning of the year are holding true at the bottom line, and indeed the piece parts are very consistent with where we were last quarter one.
Juan Sanabria: And any comments on when you think the trough may happen in kind of the -- if you have any apprehension to calling that, is that just really supply driven based on kind of the delivery still yet to happen in the least-up of those facilities?
Robert Probst: Yeah, the range for the back half is really, again, a function of the timing and the impact of new deliveries. So, we saw elevated deliveries in the second quarter. We expect to see the same in the back half of the year, but again, that's a variable that we don't control. And that's certainly something we want to understand before we're going to put out 2019 expectations, so, just a bit too early for that. Of course, thinking longer-term, the starts data that we shared both for NIC and our portfolio are really encouraging. But as we think about 2019, we need to see more of the second half unfold.
Juan Sanabria: And then just on Eclipse, the occupancy gain was very strong. But then you commented that there could be some -- I think if I didn't misunderstand, some weakness just on the operator transition. So I was hoping you could just flush that a little bit more and if you can comment really what's driving that, that occupancy gain there?
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, we always expect and underwrite a transition dip. It's just inevitable, we've done this many times. Like anything, when you move from operator A to operator Billion, there's going to be a change. I think the team has done a very nice job of managing that. It's one of the biggest transitions certainly in our experience that we've seen. And Kai and team have done a really nice job, to be counter seasonal, growing occupancy when typically it's down over 200 basis points, which is a great number. And as part of that, now really getting into rolling out the operational initiatives that they set out to do from the beginning, so, it's proceeding according to plan. But there will be disruption, and the plans are in place to manage through that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is now open.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just on the Ardent investment for the -- and your participation in their bond rate, and I think they raised some capital through bank loans as well. Was there a conversation around just sale-leaseback opportunities? Or do you think that there's a place where they will look to monetize their real estate? Or is there some timing around that? You found it relatively positive on their hospitals in your opening remarks?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you're right that the bank and bonds, it was about $1.5 billion in total capital raise, very successful, improving Ardent's cash flow and reducing its all-in cost to debt. We were lucky to be able to buy $200 million of the bonds, which we think is a good risk adjusted return, and also is supportive of Ardent, even though we were basically reducing our loan book total by over $500 million. In terms of real estate, as you know, Ardent has doubled and they have taken on some really good opportunities in two markets where they have significant market share in partnership with the leading academic in those markets. And over time those may be potential real estate investments, but for now, the best approach is to first streamline the capital structure, which is what they did, and reduce the cost of debt. And then bring their operating magic to the two most recent acquisitions which gives us and them opportunities as those assets really get to peak operating EBITDA levels.
Smedes Rose: That's helpful and then I just wanted to ask you a question on the reported core FFO, and this may just been a mistake on our part that your guidance did anticipate essentially an $0.08 prepayment fee for the Ardent loan, that was kind of baked in. Because we were looking back and we saw fees, you talked about some Kindred coming in. And I know we didn't capture it on our numbers and I'm just wondering if you could just maybe provide a little more color around that and where it falls in your guidance?
Debra Cafaro: I'll let, Bob, address that in depth. But we did include it in our forecast and you'll see that as we stated in the press release, that it was in our original guidance and perhaps, Bob, can address it in a little bit more detail.
Robert Probst: Sure, yes, we highlighted. As you noted, the Kindred fees,¸$0.03, expect that in the third quarter, back in February in terms of the fees year-on-year. But at the same time, back in February, highlighted the impact of dispositions including LHP and the loan repayment associated therewith, and there was as $0.10 decline that we talked about which is a net decline year-on-year, in part, netted out by those fees that we received in the quarter the $0.08. So they've always been in the guidance, in that bucket if you like back in February. And so, really no change there, and it happened midyear as we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Debbie, in your prepared remarks, you highlighted that the Company is tracking, I guess, incremental investment opportunities. Can you give us some color on what those opportunities are and what property types they're in?
Debra Cafaro: You're right. I mean we do see increasing incremental investment activity coming into focus and most of the things that we are looking at or working on would come from existing sort of proprietary contractual or other relationship that we have, and would be in our major asset classes, more of the same in other words.
Michael Carroll: And then like the past six month, maybe a year or so. You've been more focused on the development, redevelopment pipeline. Is it safe to say that's where most of your investments will continue to be focused going forward or are you seeing other opportunities to deploy capital into new acquisitions?
Debra Cafaro: Well, that's our principal focus, as we discussed. Because we are seeing a really great pipeline with great credit in some of these leading university life science and innovation projects, so, certainly that's a focus. There may be acquisitions, if we find some that make sense and are value creating. But our principal capital allocation focus is in the life science with leading universities, and we see great value creation there, that's why.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Rich Anderson: Debbie, what's the plan to finance these incremental investments? Is it primarily through asset sales or do you have -- or is it big enough that you have to kind of think bigger picture to get these things done?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we're always thinking about capital sourcing. And it can range from asset sales, to joint ventures, to other things. The greatest thing that I can report on is that our balance sheet now is at 5.3x, we have great liquidity, and so that obviously provides an asset that can be used to source capital for incremental investment activity as well.
Rich Anderson: Bob, you often talk about RevPOR with an O. And I'm wondering if you have the math to tell us what RevPAR is, with an A, in the same -- in the SHOP business?
Robert Probst: I don't have it readily available. It's certainly something we can follow up with, Rich, if you're interested. I think the trends will likely be quite similar.
Rich Anderson: Right, just down in absolute numbers.
Robert Probst: Yes.
Rich Anderson: Relative to O.
Robert Probst: Yes.
Rich Anderson: So maybe you'd talk about that off-line, but it kind of leads into my final question which I just asked on the Welltower call, so - which is do you think - when you think about your multi - your SHOP portfolio and how it compares valuation wise to more conventional multifamily assets which provide all sorts of good disclosure and all that sort of stuff. As we kind of go through the process of learning more and more about how SHOP is going to exist in this cycle. Do you think ultimately it should be valued about like what multifamily conventional multifamily is or is it reasonable to say that this should be really a discount to the conventional multifamily business over the long haul?
Debra Cafaro: I'm so glad you asked that question because several years ago, we made the case that it should be valued along the lines of multifamily because it really does provide core like returns and incredible resilience in the cash flows. We did work around financial crisis for example, that would suggest that it was materially more stable in terms of cash flows than multi over that period of time. And so, I do think you can make a case that it should be core asset and have cap rates. Along the lines of multifamily, there is some countervailing data or analytics you could argue, but in general I feel that the resilience and the cash flow profile and the demand profile, both of which by the way are demographically driven, are very similar.
Rich Anderson: Well, let it be known that you and Welltower agree on some things so there you go. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Jordan Sandler: I wanted to just touch base, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, Debbie, the LifePoint transaction as a data point, and we also noticed that Envision a company you guys are probably familiar with was also privatized in June. Just interest level in participating in the investment or potential ownership in these types of assets?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think that our main focus is really showing that the value of the Ardent investment that we've made, given Ardent's high quality and it's sort of many HCA like strategy. And we do believe in the space, but have always said we would be very selective and we have generally been following more of an urban HCA like strategy with significant market share. So LifePoint, as is a rural hospital company. And so that's a different animal. And so we like to see the continued interest and activity in the space, and always look to participate where we can but with this highly selective focus that we've articulated.
Jordan Sandler: Any comment on surgery centers or the assets owned by Envision?
Debra Cafaro: Well, surgery centers have been a good asset class. They're owned by a number of hospital companies as well as United Health. So, those can be a very good asset class as well. And we own some, but not a major business line at the moment.
Jordan Sandler: And then just one of the sort of – more administrative one on the Ardent bonds. Structurally can – are those held by the REIT just as – I would imagine a corporate credit facility?
Debra Cafaro: So, our tax guy's eyes just lit up, because you're talking his language. So, those would be as you inferred, those would be held in a tax for REIT subsidiary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Canetto with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Seth Canetto: This is Seth Canetto on for Chad Vanacore. First question, just looking at the triple-net portfolio, it looks like there's nine leases below one times covered compared to six last quarter? You just gave some more detail into like how large those are maybe what operators there are, do you see any capital restructurings of any of those triple-net operators?
Debra Cafaro: At the present time, we feel good about the triple-net senior housing, and have projected reliable cash flows for the balance of 2018 there. You're right, a couple of the leases modified a couple basis points over the trailing 12 months through Q1 of 2018 and changed buckets, but overall, very similar performance to where we were last quarter.
Seth Canetto: Thanks for the incremental details there. And just shifting gears to the acquisitions, I know we focused a lot on the development and redevelopment pipelines and specifically that's centered around the life science and university opportunity. You guys have grown significantly in that arena in the past two years I believe it's up 40%. Can you just talk about runway there and how large the opportunity is and can you achieve your long-term goal growing with just Wexford?
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to be happy to turn that over to our newest executive, Pete Bulgarelli, who is in charge of our office business.
Pete Bulgarelli: Excuse thanks Seth it's a great question. Those questions love to have. We promise that we're going to double this business at inception. And as Debbie said in her remarks, we've grown it by 40% in the first 18 months or so. I mean heck, we're not even across except for our one development in St. Louis not even across the Mississippi River yet. So, we see a great runway for growth.
Debra Cafaro: And this is really one area of our business where we are growing with existing leading universities as you've seen and we are also being called by and in discussions with that next cohort of leading research universities. And so, we're excited about that, and the only governor on it really is own risk management, because we have a great pipeline there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Lukas Hartwich: So for the SHOP portfolio, expense growth is pretty volatile. So I was just curious if you could provide any comments on the kind of drivers there. Is it just timing issues or what kind of makes it volatile?
Robert Probst: Yes great question, because you're right, there has been some quarterly volatility, not unusual. We have noise in there on things like insurance true-ups and so on which I would look at the first half to try to balance it out a little bit, and we're sort of in the 2% year-over-year range, which I think is not a bad run rate. And we've talked about the fact that wage pressure is in the 4% range and the way we managed through that is flexing our volume of labor or labor hours, in managing indirect costs. And the operators have done a really, really good job in the first half on that. We're pleased to see that with some more run way. And I've seen some cost of acquisition of new customers i.e. new residents going up a bit as well in that 2%. But that's a pretty good run rate I'd say.
Lukas Hartwich: And then just one quick follow-up, can you talk about cap rate trends just across your property tax?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned because there continues to be really strong interest from all sorts of capital in our asset types because of the cash flow profile we talked about in discussing multifamily, because of the demand profile we talked about, cap rates are staying very firm. And that's why we're really focused on some of the capital allocation priority we enunciated. And we're really focused on the kind of proprietary or contractual pipelines that we have with some of our partners like Ardent, like PNB, like Wexford, like Atria, et cetera. So, that is where we're focusing because we have a competitive advantage there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Hughes: So earlier Bob, you talked about the inclusion of the Ardent fees in core FFO, about the Brookdale fee was excluded and I understand Ardent prepayment was expected, but isn’t the whole point of a normalized figure to remove outliers like the Ardent fee that were 7% of normalized FFO per share that goes away in the third quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I’ll be glad to take that question so we are leading provider of capital to high quality healthcare companies and part of business historically has been and continues to be a loan book of business and that loan book generates cash, prepayment, fees and other types of fees as do our leases by the way on an episodic basis but are part of our ongoing basis. And so as those items are cash and part of our ongoing business we have historically and continue to include them in our normalize FFO. The Brookdale item that you to which you refer is really a non-cash item that was done as part of our lease extension and is a very different type of item and thus the consistent treatment of those items one is in and one is out.
Robert Probst: We also make a clear point of calling out the number to and investors can see it quite clearly and choose to do what they want that, but…
Debra Cafaro: But that’s the reason yeah that’s the reason.
Jonathan Hughes: And presumably the kindred fee will be included in 3Q normalized FFO then?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and that’s...
Robert Probst: That’s correct.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Jonathan Hughes: And then just one more from me and kind of an extension of Rich and Luke’s questions but with SHOP now about a third of the company I know I would find it helpful if we could get additional disclosure there on components of expense may be even new and renewal leasing spreads with that segment I know rental rate growth is pretty stable in low single-digit range. But is this breakout something you could provide us for the second quarter or maybe supplements going forward?
Robert Probst: Yes, we in the prepared remarks I did mention the releasing spread at down in single-digits and I think I'm probably one of the few who actually quote that number. I think it's a really important number other industries like multifamily they quote that. We have some maturation as an industry to get to that with some common definitions of price and so on. But I do think that over time we should as an industry strive to be transparent on that.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Jonathan Hughes: And what about new spread you mentioned renewals are down a little bit or your new leases are they flat are they up a little?
Robert Probst: SHOP new leases.
Jonathan Hughes: Yes good.
Robert Probst: Yes, I mean market is where there is new competition is down clearly.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO. Your line is now open.
John Kim: Debbie on your senior housing triple-net coverage right now covering around one-time EBITDA are we going to see transitions to SHOP and how high you’re willing to take your SHOP exposure?
Debra Cafaro: So look every situation is treated on its own we are happy with the transition that we made from triple-net to SHOP as Bob described VSL and you could see by the leasing velocity that can prove to be a really good decision. And as we look at the forward landscape or any individual decision I would say it really depends on what we see the forward environment to be in terms of what action we could potentially take. So we’re pretty expert at those kinds of transitions and also with those kinds of decisions.
John Kim: And then a question on merger-related expenses which are going to add back to normalized FFO its already well ahead of last year's total you have another $13 million to go – they expect to have in your guidance for the remainder of the year. What is driving this? Because I don’t necessarily think that you’ve been more active this year than last year on merger activity?
Robert Probst: Yes, John transition-related costs are also part of the deal costs bucket and obviously the VSL transition being most notable within that. So that's the primary driver.
John Kim: So what exactly is that $27 million is it paying internal people, external or it audit changes or…?
Robert Probst: All the above indeed. The internal/external costs associated with making a transition of that nature, legal thoughts and things like that for sure.
John Kim: And then Rich Anderson brought up the multifamily multiples, I'm wondering if we can get an updated Debbie on your views of age restricted multifamily?
Debra Cafaro: Interesting, I would say that my views are continuing to evolve as I learn more. It’s a really interesting question. You have things like equity lifestyles which is not really age restricted but it is really a demographically driven kind of business. You have age restricted apartments which are more of what you are talking about and then you have senior housing. And each of them has their own positive to negatives I think our strong demographically driven reliable cash flow businesses. So big picture we like them but might view is continue to be educated and evolve.
John Kim: Would you look to end through partnership or do it on your own asset classes?
Debra Cafaro: Well once our investment thesis is fully evolved then I will be able to answer that question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Tayo Okusanya: So my question really is around senior housing and just again your results today Wells results as well, and they seem to be raising all these questions again of kind of when does those things kind of bottom out. I think at NARIET there was that expectation that things were "feeling better" but then we get the next 2Q data, we get result and the NIC data also kind of pointing to the fact that the site improved absorption that was through expecting decline in occupancy over the next 12 months. So kind of against that backdrop how do you think your portfolio ends up performing, how do you think about need to do additional restructuring et cetera, et cetera?
Debra Cafaro: Well let’s start by saying that we are right in line with where we thought or even a little bit better as we articulated in the beginning of the year and I think Bob has done a great job over the past couple of years and continues to have really good forecast frameworks for investors to think about as they think about the forward environment. And we did talk about the fact that our guidance ranges were in part driven the pace, the volume and pace of new deliveries which we expected to pick up throughout 2018. So again we feel very much in line with where we thought and I’ll let Bob kind of take it from there.
Robert Probst: Well you’re right to say looking beyond NIC has said there will be the negative absorption so that’s one data point. I just circle back to we still need to see the back half of the year and the pacing and timing of deliveries really to make some assumptions around bottoming. But we are where we thought would be.
Debra Cafaro: And the main point the big main point continues to be starts are going down, the number of the seniors is going up and there is a timing miss match between the deliveries and this increase in the senior population and we are in the process of working our way through that but it will be very powerful on the other side and we are well positioned to take advantage of that. That is the big picture.
Tayo Okusanya: But in the meantime again it’s you kind of this 12 to 18 months process of trying - that’s the two factors of somewhat conflicting before everything moves positively. What’s the risk in that period that you do have to do additional restructuring or tenant goes bankrupt because they don't have 18 to 24 months to make it through.
Debra Cafaro: Well as we've talked about before, this is partly why we have a diversified portfolio. It's partly why we have a differentiated portfolio, and we are in a cycle and I think well positioned to work our way through that. And as you saw in 2018, we've improved our guidance.
Tayo Okusanya: I think again, it's an interesting time and I do think it's a period where you're going to end up with some have and have not over the next 12 to 18 months.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we feel like we're in a good spot. So, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Todd Stender: You've now seen Ardent's ability to tap at debt markets. I know it seems like a high coupon to us but maybe just like you alluded Debbie, it lowered that cost debt. Post offering, post and turning down the note to you guys, what's your appetite to provide incremental capital to Ardent? That's one, and then part two is just hospitals in general.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I mean Ardent's average weighted cost to debt was improved significantly with recapitalization. So, you're right about that. And look as in our role as their partner and then our role as a leading capital provider to successful care providers. We are continuing to provide growth capital to them and with over time should there be opportunities that are mutually attractive. So, that's where we stand.
Todd Stender: So the cost of debt is 9.75, where would you guys be comfortable, is that raised or lowered, your required rate of returns with Ardent?
Debra Cafaro: So remember, that is with one part of the capital structure. The overall part of the capital structure with bank and bonds is substantially lower than that. So, that's very important for you to understand. And then what was the question?
Todd Stender: Just I guess, appetite to grow along with Ardent at this point and then just hospitals in general?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as stated, I think we - if there are mutually beneficial opportunity with Ardent, we are happy to be their partner and pursue them. And in terms of other activity, it's important to see the great interest. And performance of the hospital space this year which is up 25%, but we are continuing to pursue the articulated strategy of being very selective in this space and doing business with the winners, and that's the basis on which we would consider additional opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Bornstein with Capital One. Your line is now open.
Daniel Bornstein: So, I was looking back at your supplemental go back to 1Q 2017, you only had one development in SHOP, today you have five. So just wondering what opportunities you see there and in development given the rest of the space kind of pulling back? Do you see opportunities to increase your development in SHOP as you look out 2 or 3 years where the supply demand might be?
Debra Cafaro: Well, good question. I think that, as I alluded to, we are focusing on these areas of investment where we have long standing relationships. Most of those if not all of those four would be developments with Sunrise and maybe one or two with Atria, and really high demographically attractive areas where we see potentially good risk adjusted return. And in each of those cases, we are doing those in joint ventures with pension fund capital. So, that part of - the type of investment that I said we can focus on as part of our relationship business.
Daniel Bornstein: Other pension funds and private capital, are they concerned about where the fundamentals are or they looking forward? I mean just trying to understand how the non-REIT players are thinking about.
Debra Cafaro: I can say without qualification that the sovereign wealth types and the pension fund too are matching. Long term liabilities with assets are wildly interested in senior housing. Because they, again, just for the same reason, they see the demographic demand, they see the cash flow profile and resiliency over long periods of time, and that is what attracts them to the space.
Daniel Bornstein: And they prefer development over acquisitions or?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, it depends on the investor. It can be both, but they just look right through this timely mismatch that we discussed.
Operator: And our last question will come from Karin Ford with MUFG Securities.
Karin Ford: I wanted to ask about Brookdale. Just I know, it's only been a few months but wanted to know how the operations have been going there and are you still thinking about 15% is the right number for potential portfolio asset sales?
Debra Cafaro: Glad to remind everyone about our mutually beneficial Brookdale deal that we announced last quarter, which extended our leases at least out until 2026. Part of the thesis there is that the new management team is focusing on operational initiatives. And we are trying to support them in that endeavor. And I think it will be best for you to stay tuned as they continue to report. But one would expect it will take some time for those initiatives to take hold but I would encourage you to tune in for their quarterly report.
Karin Ford: And have you started marketing any of the assets in that portfolio and if so how's been the interest on them?
Debra Cafaro: We're going to do that over time, we have not yet started. As you correctly point out, part of our deal was not only the lease extension but also the ability to potentially prune the portfolio at disposition rates that are effectively six in a quarter on our rent. And we will undertake that over time.
Debra Cafaro: So, we are very happy to be with you this morning. We sincerely appreciate your support, your interest in Ventas. I hope everyone has a great summer. And we'll look forward to seeing you in September. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman and CEO Robert Probst - EVP and CFO John Cobb - EVP and CIO
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Smedes Rose - Citi Trent Trujillo - UBS Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Chad Vanacore - Stifel John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Daniel Bornstein - Capital One Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company’s announcement today regarding its results for the year end quarter ended March 31, 2018. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the Company’s operations and results is included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the Company’s other SEC filings. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning to all of our shareholders and others participants. I want to welcome you to the Ventas first quarter 2018 earnings call. I’m delighted to be joined today by our team to report on our excellent start to the year, highlight our continued progress and executing on our strategic priorities, update you on our mutually beneficial agreement Brookdale announce today to discuss our improved 2018 expectations. Our strategic priorities for the year included improving our triple-net maturity profile, investing in our future growth, appointing a new leader for a high quality office business, establishing a new senior housing platform, improving our balance sheet, and all the while delivering on our financial commitments. In classic Ventas fashion, I’m delighted to report significant progress against all of these objectives. Let’s start with results. We were pleased to grow normalize FFO per share by 2% to a $1.05 this quarter. With our strong start to the year, our full year expectations for 2018 normalized FFO has increased to $3.99 to $4.07 per share. Our diversified portfolio also performed well with each segment contributing to 2.6% total same-store cash growth. We are really happy with the mix, quality, performance and resilience of our differentiated portfolio. We also enhanced our financial strength and flexibility during the quarter by a standing and staggering our debt maturities and recycling capital to improve our net debt to EBITDA ratio to a strong 5.5 times. We continue to invest in our future growth through development and redevelopment focus on medical office buildings, institutional quality, life science and innovation centers, and highly selective senior housing project. We are seeing good momentum with our life science new development projects. Our development at Washington University which is scheduled to open in 2018 now has recent commitment to approaching 90%. Meanwhile, our 3675 Market development at Penn also expected to open later this year has commitments for approximately 70% of this available phase. Finally, our asset at Duke University which opens in summer 2017 is expected to be stabilized only one-year after opening as a large creditworthy tenant has expanded into most of the remaining available space. Meanwhile, our trophy MOB development in downtown San Francisco adjacent to the new $2 billion Southern Hospital building has now reached approximately 80% preleasing, anchored by Sutter Health, a AA-rated health system. The grand opening of our Sutter MOB is expected by early next year. Development and redevelopment of medical office and university-based life science and innovation centers remain our top capital allocation priority. Turning to senior housing and the significant improvement in our triple-net maturity profile, I’m very pleased to tell you that we’ve reached a mutually beneficial deal with Brookdale, a long-standing tenant and the nation’s largest senior living operator. We have agreed to combine and extend all of our Brookdale assets into one guarantee master lease whose terms rents for eight more years to 12/31/25, when the senior population will be extremely robust. To give Brookdale support and stability while it executes its operational turnaround under its new team, we've provided an average of $6 million and annual rent credit to Brookdale in each of the remaining years of the lease, which provides even greater reliability for our future cash flow. We’ve also agreed on the straightforward objective change of control standard for Brookdale, balance with significant credit and other enhancements for us is a change of the control does occur. The agreement includes the ability to sell up to 15% of the Brookdale asset to improve portfolio quality, reduced lease asset at Brookdale, and further diversify the Ventas portfolio. So, we continue to find innovative ways to optimize our portfolio, invest in significant operator relationship, and advance interest of Ventas shareholders. We support the efforts of Brookdale’s new leadership team to drive operating performance in our portfolio and across the Company and command them for acting decisively to move Brookdale forward. With the completion of our Brookdale agreement, we have less than $2 million per year of triple-net senior housing rents that matures through the end of 2020 and our total triple-net weighted average lease maturity is expanded to 10 years. Moving onto our newest winning platform, ESL, led by Kai Hsiao and his experienced team of senior living executive, partnering with ESL has given us important strategic and operational flexibility in senior housing because high quality management team are the scarcest asset in our business. We successfully the transitioned the portfolio of 76 Ventas-owned senior living communities to ESL in January and both ESL and the portfolio are off to a strong start. ESL has a fully staff team and it is ready to come a sought-after manager in the senior living business. The portfolio has begun to show good times of operational upside including sequential improvement in occupancy. With the transition behind us, we believe we will drive good risk adjusted return and growing cash flow from this portfolio. As we come upon our 28th anniversary at Ventas, we are proud of our accomplishments and we remain driven for more. Despite the challenges in REIT market today, we remain bullish on our industry, our enterprise and our future. As I look across the entire equity market, I can’t think of where else you can invest in an S&P 500 stock with a rock solid 6.5% dividend yield, BBB plus balance sheet, a compelling demand story, a dynamic, fragmented and large investible market and an experience excellent team that has a long record of extraordinary value creation, innovation and results. Before Bob begins his remarks, I want to especially welcome our new colleague Pete Bulgarelli to his first earnings call at Ventas. Pete joined the team in April as the leader of our highly valuable integrated 25 million square foot ambulatory MOB and university-based life science business. Pete has a long and exceptional record of accomplishment in real estate, most recently focused on healthcare, life sciences and higher education including academic medical centers. We know Pete will bring high energy and great experience that will take our office business to the next level of success performance. And now, I am happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert Probst: Thanks Debbie. I am happy to report a strong start to the year from our high quality portfolio of healthcare, seniors housing and office properties. Our total property portfolio delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 2.6% in the first quarter ahead of our expectations, with all segments contributing to growth. Let me detail our first quarter performance and 2018 guidance for a second starting with SHOP. Our SHOP business came out of the gate strong, with cash NOI growth versus prior year of 0.7% ahead of our full year expectations. As expected, first quarter same-store revenue were nearly 1%, occupancy exceeded our expectations at 87.4% for 150 basis points below Q1 of 2017. A severe flu season did have an impact on moving activity in the first quarter. This impact was mitigated by move outs which were better than those expectations in prior levels. Less new competition opening its stores in the first quarter also supported occupancy and continues the trend of delays in new opening. Q1 RevPAR growth was 2.7%, the wind place increases were strong. RevPAR was muted by a freight competition and supply challenged markets. Meanwhile operating expenses do in line with revenues in the first quarter at nearly 1%. Our operator did a terrific job managing staffing levels in the quarter and expenses also benefited by a 50 basis points from a favorable insurance true up in the quarter. At a market level, we continue to see NOI growth in our traditional strong holds including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston and Ontario. This strength was mitigated by NOI declines and markets effected by new competition most notably Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago and a number of secondary markets. I would also note, we continue to see fewer new construction starts in our trade areas with the 50% sequential decline in Q1 starts versus the fourth quarter of 2017. In fact, the first quarter 2018 represents the lowest level of new construction starts in our markets since 2014. However, the recent trend of delayed new deliveries of construction already in the way increased the construction inventory percentage in our trade areas by 10 basis points. Despite the strong start to the year, as this stage we are maintaining our full-year same-store NOI guidance of minus 1% to minus 4% though was updated assumptions. Our guidance now assumes an improved full year occupancy gap, low prior year in the range of 150 basis points to 200 basis points while RevPAR is now anticipated to grow between 2% and 3%. The full year NOI guidance range is a function of spacing new deliveries and resulting revenue impacts. ESL, our new senior housings operating corner is now reflected in our Q1 SHOP supplemental reporting. We are pleased to welcome Kai and the ESL team to our high quality SHOP business. ESL has certainly hit the ground running, growing occupancy in the portfolio by over 100 basis points since transition. Moving onto our triple-net segment. Our triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by an outstanding 4.4% for the first quarter driven by base rents escalations. Trailing 12 months EBITDA cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple-net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2017, the latest available information remains stable with prior quarter at 1.6 times. PTM coverage in our triple-net same-store senior housing portfolio also helps at 1.2 times. Please note that our supplemental reports rent coverage on a PTM basis, hence the current reporting does not include the beneficial impact to coverage of the Brookdale agreement. In our same-store IRF and LTAC portfolio, PTM cash flow coverage was 1.5 times, down 10 basis points sequentially as a result of the impact of the LTAC reimbursement change. With recent positive LTAC reimbursement news and continued operational strategies taking hold, we expect our LTAC to generate improving results in 2018. Our skill nursing assets principally operated by Genesis, now represents just $20 million of annual rents or 1% of Ventas' NOI. The SNFs health coverage at 1.5 times in the quarter, continued to experience industry headwinds on the top and bottom line, trends which we expect to continue. Finally, Ardent delivered terrific results in 2017, leading the path across top and bottom line metrics and enabling strong and stable rent coverage of three times. In 2018, Ardent is focused on integrating the East Texas Medical Center into peak acquisitions, rolling out a new IT system across this platform, refinancing its debt structure and driving results. We’re also encouraged by CMS as better than expected 2019 proposed rate of 3.4% per hospitals. For the full year 2018, we forecasted our triple-net portfolio will grow same-store cash NOI between 2% and 3%. We then placed lease escalations partially offset by the 80 basis points cash impact of the Brookdale lease extension, which is now fully incorporated in our guidance. Around the asset portfolio review is our attracted office reporting segment which now represents 25% of our NOI and delivered healthy same-store cash NOI growth of 2.2% in the first quarter. Let me break out these results between our university-based life science and medical office portfolios. Our exciting life science business grew Q1 same-store cash NOI by 3.1%, driven by occupancy increasing by 70 basis points to an outstanding 97.3%. For the full year 201, we continue to expect robust life science same-store NOI growth in the range of 3% to 4%. Turning to our medical office business, MOB same-store NOI grew 2% in the first quarter. Our team did an excellent job managing occupancy with tenant retention above 85% in the first quarter. Revenue also benefited from in place lease escalations that exceeded 2.5%. We continue to forecast 1.5% to 2.5% growth more strong and steady same-store medical office portfolio in 2018. On a combined basis, we expect our office portfolio of life science MOB assets to grow 2018 same-store cash NOI in the range of 1.75% to 2.75%. Now onto our overall company financial results and are updated 2018 guidance. Normalized FFO per share in the first quarter grew 2% to a $1.05, as a result the total portfolio of same-store growth of 2.6% in addition to accretive acquisitions and profits for beneficial transactions. Income from continuing operations per share was below prior year driven by an impairment of our equity in an unconsolidated joint venture Holdings SNFs. and we expect this sell in 2018 at a 9% cap rate on cash rent and deal cost related to VSL transition. Dispositions and receipt of final repayments on loans receivable totaled $300 million in proceeds in the first quarter of 2018. Proceeds from the dispositions were used to retire debt, resulting in an improvement in our net debt to EBITDA ratio by 0.2 times to a healthy 5.5 times. We also had strong execution in the capital markets and extending and staggered of maturity profile in February since the successful issuance of $650 million of 4% 10-year senior notes in order to retire $700 million of maturing 2% notes. In addition, we took refinancing risk off the table by tendering and retiring $600 million of 4% senior notes due in 2019. Let's close out with our updated 2018 guidance for the Company. We're excited at this early stage in the year to improve our full year outlook for a normalized FFO for fully diluted share to now range between $3.99 and $4.07. This guidance represents both the nearing of the guidance range as well as the $0.03 increase at the midpoint compared to our previous guidance. Our increased expectations are driven by our strong start to the year, the resilience of our cash flows and the progress against our key initiatives. Notable guidance assumptions include the revised expectation for $1.25 billion in proceeds from asset dispositions and loan repayments at a cap rate of over 8%, the proceeds of which will principally be used to retire debt. Our guidance assumes 100% ownership by Ventas of the assets managed by the ESL. The sales of our minatory shareholding in this new JV and the impact of the Brookdale agreements including one-time noncash charge of $22 million. For the full year, we are updating our total portfolio of same-store cash NOI growth guidance to now range from 0.5% to 1.5%, with our SHOP and office same-store guidance unchanged and the triple-net outlook revised to improve the impact of the Brookdale lease extension. To close, the Ventas team is very pleased with our strong start of the year and is committed to execute with excellence against our strategic initiatives in 2018. With that, I’ll hand it to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Just on the Brookdale lease, I was hoping you can walk us through the impact to the EBITDAR coverage ratio kind of pre and post? And what you expect that to go to, if you’re able to execute on the targeted assets sales?
Debra Cafaro: So, we are pleased to announce the Brookdale deal today. It is I think a really creative deal that is good for both parties just the way we like to do our deals. The rent credit, the cash rent credit is a fairly small amount as you can see and therefore would have minimal but positive impact on the EBITDAR coverage under the leases.
Juan Sanabria: Is there any material impacts from the potential asset sales? I’m just trying to get a sense of why you think this is a good long-term sustainable number because it looks like the EBITDAR coverage is still kind of at or below one-time?
Debra Cafaro: Well, the purpose of the deal Juan is to give us really a good bridge to a much longer lease term with enhanced credit protection while we contribute and support Brookdale operational turnaround. And so, our expectation is with eight more years from now on the lease substantial credit protections and the meanwhile the Brookdale team focused on operating turnaround the silver wave that we know is coming that overtime this will be an excellent need for us, and when that we feel really great about. It gives great visibility to our cash flows going forward and we’re happy about that.
Juan Sanabria: Then just a follow up Eclipse, you decided to keep it -- it looks like a 100% of those assets rather than sale a minority piece. What drove that decision? Is it anywhere related to pricing, and just if you could comment on the mechanics of the operating transition? It seems like you've gained occupancy within any headwinds you see from here going forward is the transition is coupled down?
Debra Cafaro: What I can tell you is that we are really happy to have a successful transition behind us. We think the team is aligned and doing great. And so we're happy to own the portfolio. We know it is a very valuable portfolio and we will continue to evaluate our options but we did take it out as guidance as you've correctly pointed out as we reevaluate our options on the portfolio. Right now, we like the upside and are feeling good about our decisions here move it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Just kind of off of Juan’s question related to Eclipse. Debbie, if you could describe the upside that you see in that portfolio, is that something that the new team can kind of streamline operations? Or do we have to wait for better demographics to kind of impact those results?
Debra Cafaro: The occupancy is probably the biggest upside that we see and that's been trending positively since the transition and the portfolio is really segmented. There's a very large component of sort of stable growing cash flow. And then there's a component where we really think that specialized operating plans can improve performance and so there's a very targeted planned asset by asset that we see starting to gain traction and that we hope will deliver improved cash flows over time.
Michael Carroll: And then can you provide some color on the potential asset sales the Brookdale leased portfolio. Have those properties already been identified? And have you agreed to sell those specific properties with Brookdale? Or are you still kind of doing your work and doing your research to figure out what assets do want to get rid off?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as you can imagine, my colleague John Cobb and a number of our other Ventas' colleagues has been working with Brookdale for a quite a while on the outlines and completion of this agreement. We have jointly identified really a pool of assets that we think would be a good group of assets to sell that would improve the portfolio performance and quality. The final details are yet to be determined but we think there is directional agreement around a group of assets that would be targeted for potential disposition.
Michael Carroll: And assuming these assets have lower coverage metrics?
Debra Cafaro: Remember that within the master lease coverage is somewhat artificial it really just depends on how you allocate rent within the lease. So the real idea is to identify assets where you believe that's the future operating performance may not be as good as the assets that you're not selling. So it's really about the operational future of the assets, it's not about coverage which is as I said as somewhat artificial allocation within a master lease. So that’s how to think about it, which assets are not strategic to the portfolio, which assets do we think have a better upward trajectory in terms of performance and then segmenting out the ones that we think are either nonstrategic for one reason or another or could be operated better by someone else that type of thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is now open.
Smedes Rose: I just maybe wanted to turn to the SHOP for a moment. You notice -- you noted that your first quarter results were better relative to the execution, but the full year outlook is unchanged. I’m just wondering are you more comfortable at the higher end of that range? And do you still hear from your operators that full year occupancy would be impacted by the more intense flu season or there have you thinking about that changed at all?
Robert Probst: We certainly are pleased with the start growing 0.7% in the first quarter, always good to come out of the gate strong that’s indeed what we did. One of the things that benefited the quarter I mentioned was the reduced number of new openings in the quarter and we’ve seen trend delayed new openings for the last several quarters now. So, our outlook is really assuming that those are going to open in the balance of the year. We’re going to see an increase in new things coming online and the consequent impact on the P&L. So, good start to the year, but obviously still early and so on that assumption we’re keeping the range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is now open.
Trent Trujillo: This is Trent Trujillo with Nick. I wanted to circle back on Eclipse just potentially for clarification here was, what was embedded in guidance in terms of how much of the portfolio you are going to keep versus potentially JV? Just wanted to some clarification since now you’re retaining a 100% and maybe that having an impact on FFO?
Robert Probst: Sure, the guidance assumption in February was that we would sale approximately 25% into the JV and it would not be consolidated into our result. So, you’ll see kind of financial impacts in our guidance through the P&L of the decisions to keep on 100% in the guidance. And therefore, we see a consolidated P&L coming through. So, that’s the real changing guidance. The impact on FFO is really de minimis.
Trent Trujillo: And just again wanted to clarify, what is the latest thing on the LHP line? I think that was pre-payable starting March. Are there any discussions on that front?
Debra Cafaro: Well, in our guide we’ve consistently projected for the year and continued asset in and around maybe a year, the LHP loan would be refinanced as Ardent continues to do well and wants to consolidate its capital structure into more streamline way. And so, that’s our expectations that will obviously be driven by market conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Rich Anderson: So, if I could just kind of get a little bit into the Brookdale rent issue. So, I think if I’m reading this right, you start off with at $8 million of rent concession this year and it trickles down into $5 million in 2025, and there is a profits that’s get you there. So, from adding it up right its $48 million of rent cuts collectively over eight years. So, if the question -- is it appropriate to say that well you maybe aren’t resolving the coverage issue all it once, but you’re doing a gradually overtime and then once the as you call the silver wave hits in 2025, hopefully, you have achieved the goal of appropriate coverage or even better coverage by that time. Is that a good way to think about it?
Debra Cafaro: It is the good way to think about it and again we're trying to create a mutually beneficial agreement where we can support the efforts of the team to drive operational improvement. We have always said that the best thing that Brookdale can do to create shareholder value is to drive operations. And so, we are supportive of that effort and that's why you see the pattern of the rent credit over time as you correctly point out, and we would expect Brookdale to -- it's all about improving EBITDAR of the portfolio.
Rich Anderson: And then on the topic of change of control, Brookdale says that you have relinquished your consent rights at least to some degree. Can you give a little bit more color on how that has changed for Ventas as a consequence of this negotiation?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So, we have basically modified our change control right. So that it has become more streamlined and objective change of control that protect Ventas from and Ventas shareholders from the credit side from the reputational side and an operational side because we have always cared deeply about who takes care of these 100,000 seniors and their financial wherewithal to do so. And importantly in that situation that gives Brookdale some flexibility strategic flexibility. And in that event, we also get some significant enhancements including lease extensions, if the change control does occur as I mentioned at the outset.
Rich Anderson: And if you don't like if someone comes in replace them. What is your possible response to that?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I don't think liking has much to do with it. It really is an objective view as a company a firm who has significant credit behind its obligations to care for seniors. Is it a company or a firm who has operational experience in senior living and is it someone who reputationally should be in a position to do the things that Brookdale does care for seniors and that's very important, that’s always has been.
Rich Anderson: Right, so if some of those boxes are not checked, you can have a voice?
Debra Cafaro: Right, like if you took over.
Rich Anderson: Kidding me. Last question on the guidance, isn't it mainly an accounting issue really? Now I guess the Brookdale rent can no longer be straight line with the inclusion of the CPI element. I assume that's correct. Am I thinking about the guidance correctly that you just basically?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, let simplify it for you. What’s really good about it is that, before we get this deal our cash rate was higher than our gap rent, and by doing this lease expansion for eight years, we gap and cash are approximately the same. And so you can think it, I think it more aligning gap in cash and we like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Knott: Hi, everybody. On the Brookdale front, just curious, Debbi, how you thought about sort of on one hand a full recommitment of Brookdale in that entire portfolio versus maybe operator transitions maybe to ESL and maybe then SHOP conversion as appose to strictly keeping it triple net lease?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Bob's feeling like the LTAC repairman. So, I’ll be happy to answer that and then we’ll move on -- look I mean we as I said want to be a good partner, we want to Brookdale, we believe this is an excellent outcome for Ventas shareholders and we have retain certain flexibility and certain cases to continue to have optionality including some asset transitions in certain circumstances.
Michael Knott: And then maybe on the SHOP side, you continue to site sort of the bifurcation and performance between high barrier and low barrier markets. I’m just curious if that start to the year comparing those two sites is that about as you expected or did one side is better worse than sort of what you had built into your guidance?
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for taking care of my partner Bob.
Robert Probst: Look, I called the stronghold markets in the prepared remarks, the LA, Boston continued to perform very well. We’ve seen that literally over the course of the year and that’s both on top and bottom line, good pricing power, good occupancy, good bottom line momentum. The challenge markets from a slide perspective also are very common theme at Atlanta, Chicago et cetera. And the performance of those again roughly as expected, so no surprises really I think from that perspective. What is unique and I have highlight is the delaying in new openings and which is obviously helpful to give time for absorption to occur, and also very newables to lots of the planning in new starts which is encouraging for the future for us. But the profile generally by market it hasn’t really changed materially
Operator: Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Jordan Sadler: Hi. I apologize in advance I have one more Brookdale question for you Debbie. Regarding their rights under the timing of the sales, I guess I’m just trying to figure this potentially $30 million of additional rent concession or credit, if you depending on how much you still…
Debra Cafaro: No, no.
Jordan Sadler: Sorry.
Debra Cafaro: No, no, no.
Jordan Sadler: I was just trying to -- there was a $30 million credit potential, you want to go through that?
Debra Cafaro: No, no. Okay, there is -- let say the portfolio has rough numbers in the 170s of the annual rent about 15% of that could be sold, we get all the proceeds from that and depending on what the proceeds are we get a credit to Brookdale at a six in the quarter yield basically.
Jordan Sadler: Is that up to a maximum credit of $30 million that how should we think about it?
Debra Cafaro: If 30 is somewhat a relevant to the second part of the calculation, Jordan.
Jordan Sadler: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: So, all the…
Jordan Sadler: If you sell 480.
Debra Cafaro: Let me try it different way. Think about it this way. All the rents basically that's now there which stay on the portfolio minus, net proceeds to Ventas times 6.25% maybe that certifies this achievement.
Jordan Sadler: So you could sell $500 million of Brookdale assets and give them a 6.25% credit on that theoretically?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it all turns on proceeds.
Jordan Sadler: Got it. So I guess my question surrounding those sales which was really the heart of my question necessarily, but is -- do they have any rights in terms of terminations of those leasehold interests? How do they or do you have full control over timing and when those leases will terminate and assets will sell?
Debra Cafaro: Well again given the fact that we think that this potential sales improve the portfolio, help Ventas, help Brookdale in a very positive for those companies we would encourage that process to happen over the next year or two, and obviously subject to market conditions. And again think it as a seriously would be getting money that we could reinvest into life science, medical office development redevelopment and redeploy those proceeds? That's really how to think about it.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, but they can't terminate, can they terminate those leases at their option?
Debra Cafaro: Well it's a full scale sale, so we would the idea is there would be no lease at that point in time. There would be a new buyer. You know any person who wanted to buy senior housing and they could have the benefit of operating that asset which we think would enhance proceeds.
Jordan Sadler: Okay.
Robert Probst: So it's just a sale of asset to the third-party which again…
Jordan Sadler: No, I understand but let's say you guys were dragging your feet in terms of the sale process and how long it was taking or at least they may have thought you were dragging your feet. And so do they have any rights or control to accelerate in that sale?
Debra Cafaro: I mean we've worked out something where we think the asset sales are good for both sides and that we would work cooperatively together on a commercially reasonable timeframe to identify the assets for sale and sell them in a optimal way, to invest buyers.
Jordan Sadler: Okay that's helpful. And then the other one I had for Bob is on the Skilled Nursing joint venture sale. Can you shed a little bit of light on that? Maybe your stake, you said it 9 cap, I just wasn't sure who it is what it is?
Robert Probst: Sure. It's an old joint venture, small within which there about 13 SNF assets, and we decided to sell those assets. And as a consequence therefore that being impairment that I mentioned in the first quarter that we recognize, but we'll be selling those assets effectively at a 9 cap rate on cash rents. Small deal ultimately cash proceeds saw at 80 million of share gross, but another exit if you want to get there other - business for us at an attractive price.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we’re in a quarter of the joint venture, so we're selling our quarter interest.
Jordan Sadler: And your share would be to 80 million gross proceeds.
Debra Cafaro: Yes exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Vanacore with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chad Vanacore: I just wanted to get a little more detail on the Brookdale leases. So you mentioned the objective of the metrics on change in control. What are the some of those key thresholds on the objectives side that have to be met in order to have this change of control?
Chad Vanacore: All right, thanks for the question. Again let me just recap for everyone. So, there is an objective, there are objective standards for a change in control hence the change of the control occurs than rents we’ll received additional protection and enhancements including lease expansions out to 29 as well as commitments to CapEx and fees. In order to do that, we have provided basically three general objectives standards. One is financial result that fire. One is reputational. And one is really operational experience in the asset classes. And I’m over simplifying obviously, but that – those are objective standards principally through a chase control would be consider.
Chad Vanacore: Okay. Is there a threshold on the financial covenant?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, there is significant net worth and leverage requirements.
Chad Vanacore: And then you referenced the additional CapEx commitment for Brookdale and possibly Ventas. So, what are the commitments now amongst the car lease and where they go to under the new lease?
Debra Cafaro: Right, so, Brookdale as the triple net tenant is responsible for ongoing maintenance CapEx. And then as we said in the press release, Ventas will work with Brookdale to consider whether it’s appropriate to invest additional capital to improve the market positioning and performance to the asset and we would work with them and if we agree there would be a market return based on capital investment, which of course again would be definition improve the quality and hopefully the performance of those communities.
Chad Vanacore: So what’s the minimum CapEx requirement per year under the new lease?
Debra Cafaro: If memory serves it’s about a $1,000 a unit a year.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, that’s great. And then you just mentioned some additional credit protection in the Brookdale lease. What are you referencing there?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have handful network and leverage type requirement. Very typical credit type requirements to know that as I said before that the operator is financially credit worthy to conduct a business that is new which is typically taking care of seniors. And those requirements are enhance if there is a change of control.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
John Kim: QCP has put itself up to a sale and then this game open to completing bids. I’m just wondering would a transaction right that where you've got skilled nursing but a different high quality operator be of any interest?
Debra Cafaro: I’m not sure it has passed the SNF test John.
John Kim: It looks like SNF.
Debra Cafaro: That's something that you probably should take up with the parties who are involved in this transaction.
John Kim: So would that be interesting to you or no?
Debra Cafaro: We are really focused on executing our plan which is as we've talked about you know really investing in our future growth through our life science and MOB development and redevelopment and working with our operators to really drive performance and delivering results for our shareholders.
John Kim: And then on the supplements. Probably a question for Bob. All of your metrics exclude assets held for disposition. And I'm wondering how big that portfolio is and if that's equivalent to the $62 million dollar assets up for sale?
Robert Probst: It's the held for sale assets are most materially and they are now those – assets I talked about those 13. Outside of that there was a dozen or so intended for sale. So it's a very small proportion of the overall 1200 properties.
John Kim: And then some other REITs within this sector and outside of healthcare are planning to expense internal acquisition and leasing constant G&A. And I'm wondering if you're doing that currently or plan to do it in 2019?
Robert Probst: That's a great question and first part, so that we think standards, which working on right now along with everyone else for commendation next year. So we'll see how that goes. One of the tenants of that potentially having to extend those leasing costs. So we're working through that right now and obviously we'll report back as we get more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Tayo Okusanya: So my question is I am looking at the piece that has you triple net lease portfolio, the breakout lease that might taken by cash flow coverage and I'm comparing it against last quarter, trying to look for the big change that reflects Brookdale. And if I'm reading this correctly it seems like Brookdale move somewhere from 1.2 to 1.3 EBITDAR coverage last quarter to somewhere between 1.1 and 1.2 this quarter. Is that correct?
Robert Probst: Yes, I mean Wells partnered in speak to our disclosure, the 1.1 to 1.2 bucket which you see at 8.9% does include Brookdale as you imagine is the biggest piece of triple-net senior housing and that did move relative to last quarter. And again this is all TTMm, so doesn’t reflect any of the group we've been talking about today but on the old agreement that's the math.
Tayo Okusanya: That's the math. Okay, so now that I have that correct. So on the old agreement coverage kind of slipped down a little bit. It's an EBITDA number if you adjust that number for about 5, 6 basis points to show EBITDA you still somewhere around like 1.1 to 1.15 on Brookdale. So -- why going to backs Juan's question, why only a $6 million credit might be enough to feel confident about the sustainability of the coverage.
Debra Cafaro: Well back to me I guess. Again, what we’re feeling here is to expand the lease maturity out for eight years. We are giving some near-term cash flow support to the new Brookdale team, who is focused on driving operational improvement. We received significant credit enhancement of that will support the reliability of the future rent stream. And importantly, we are bridging to really 2026 when we are quite confident that the silver wave as Brookdale causes will be in full force and hopefully customers of all of our senior living communities. And so really think about it as at lease expansion, credit operating improvement and bridging to a period of time where the senior population will be very, very robust and the demand will be extremely great. And then the meanwhile, again we have the credit support from Brookdale to carry forward which as I said improve the visibility and resilience of our future cash flow.
Tayo Okusanya: I think most of us get the large, I guess what the strong believer what you know is the $6 million today and then 12 months from now will get another press release saying fundamentals even further because of supply so we have to give another $6 million. So, I just don’t think people want us to kind of go through that depth to what we cut, rather than just kind of take the pain today kind of where we’ve done with it. So, I think we’re just going to put some comfort that $6 million is it type of thing?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we think, we feel really great about where we are and we believe the Brookdale team is very focused on improving operations which is really the key to everything. And we are upward trajectory that expanded our leases for eight years which people should feel really, really good about.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. All right. That’s helpful.
Debra Cafaro: And at the same time again, we believe we’re helping Brookdale to succeed.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. The assets on our targeted sales, could you an indicate of what rent coverage on that pull and that get pulled in?
Debra Cafaro: Right, as we talked about before, when we have a master lease the coverage is based on what we write in the schedule of the asset by asset coverage. So, it should be relative consistent across the portfolio with the lease expansion. The focus of the sale of assets for both of us is really can focus on assets that are non strategic maybe there is one in the market maybe someone else a local operator can do better, maybe leasing that the assets doesn't have as good as of future growth profile, as to assets that we’re retaining. It has nothing to do with coverage which basically will be consistent across the board by asset as we do the lease expansion, but it will have everything to do with our expectations of future performance of that, again, the goal being to improve the quality and future performance of the retained assets by pruning.
Tayo Okusanya: Got you, okay
Debra Cafaro: We appreciate the question and your support.
Tayo Okusanya: You got it. Thank you. One more just quick one for Bob, if you don't mind. Just began the SHOP portfolio again really good performance in 1Q. Could you just remind us like why you've decided to kind of keep guidance where it is right now? And what are you used kind of looking for before you get more confident about pass the new raising SHOP guidance?
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, one quarter does not here made it clearly. So, we like to get some more experience on frankly and the range is really driven by the pacing of occupancy, pacing of new deliveries and the consequent impact on revenue. And that's where we want to see unfold over the next quarters so to really get a better handle on the full year.
Debra Cafaro: Again to start to the year and we are happy about that.
Robert Probst: Yes, we’ll take it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Bornstein with Capital One. Your line is now open.
Daniel Bornstein: I want to actually turn towards development which is the first comments that you’ve made almost first comments you made in your opening remarks that’s focused on your capital allocation, you increase because you haven’t good start with Sunrise this quarter. So if you could talk about the opportunities to increase development and perhaps redevelopment within your portfolio? Do you think that’s going to continue to increase as a percentage of the portfolio? And are any -- do you see an increase of operators coming to you for development funding particularly in seniors housing given that this flow on your start and I think there's some limited more limited funding within the seniors housing space? I'm just trying to understand the opportunities and development?
Robert Probst: Well, development is clearly a number one focus area for us from a capital allocation perspective and most notably within that life science and we've been hearing along the way over the last year. So the progress there and we highlighted a few new tidbits today that - and append which is really exciting and we continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunity there was really good risk adjusted returns and have grown that business even ahead of our high expectations since we brought it several years ago. So we continue to focus on that and see further opportunities. Other trophy assets for development, clearly you can see this presume we talk about this MOB, San Francisco opening really next year. Now approximately 80% preleased super excited about that. The selective opportunities in senior housing in high variable markets with operators like Sunrise, we’ll continue to pursue. But again very selective trophy type assets, but it's really our life science as we think about development.
Daniel Bornstein: Could that dollar number, which is almost $350 now, could that check closer to a 1 billion or is that should be thinking about the development staying around this level?
John Cobb: Yes, this is John Cobb Mike. I can see that definitely getting there I mean we have some really good partners with Wexford on the life science side, PNB and others on the medical office side we're seeing some good traction recently. But we do see -- because of our reputation and their skills set, we see a lot of great really good risk adjusted high quality like Bob said trophy asset is some really great markets in California. So, we're and this is a good really good pipeline.
Debra Cafaro: And importantly really with really well rated highly regarded institution like Penn, like West U, like I mean some like Sutter, These are where we’re focused and the demand for the product as John said, the PMV, Wexford and others can deliver is very, very high.
John Cobb: And really get preleasing as you saw earlier, we’re signing up preleasing before we start development and by the we’re opening we are seeing some really good traction even during the development period.
Daniel Bornstein: And if you look the yields that you’re getting on some of these investments going credit versus their bonds yields and this kind of came up with the KCP deal yesterday. Do you think cap rates on some of these assets should be a lot lower overtime? I mean that’s -- if the investment grade houseful credit bond 4% below and you’re getting 7% to 8%. Does that rationale for doing more retro assets?
Debra Cafaro: You’re making a very, very good point, and I’d like to comment it in a couple of ways. One is that whether it’s a high way help systems or heavy weight universities both of which are new partner, it has lot of experience. And we see that they have a very robust mission, they want to accomplish lot of things, so they’re in hurry to do it. And even they the AA rated, the highly well capitalized organization. They still have more leases than sources. And so where we come in and where we have really moved our business is to be able to provide those additional forces in the academic medical centers and the life science business and the MOB with these highly rate organization with brand names. And they are willing to use our capital in these assets and develop their rest of their capital to academic programming in the case of the universities and things like that. And so this is a very good way to rotate our capital which in healthcare retail business has historically been around got the retail of lower cost capital we’re going to provide it to people who have a cost capital. This is actually a beautiful inverse of that where we are getting great risk adjusted returns from really highly rated well capitalized companies. And then as you’ve seen over the past years, we have significantly rotated our capital allocation in that direction. And as we’ve said it’s our number one capital allocation priority for that reason among others. So, it’s a very interesting concept I’m glad you raised it and its where we think we’ve already created a huge amount of value in the $2 billion portfolio we built in life science where we think we’re in about six in three quarters and we see assets trading at five or below. And so that’s a big amount of value creation for Ventas shareholders and we will keep filing that feel as long as we can.
Operator: We have a follow-up question coming from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Hi, it's Michael Bilerman, Debbie.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: I wanted to go back. Hi, I just wanted to go back to the nanocare transaction, more or so not relative to any Ventas interest, but more or so your views about the changing landscape, clearly Promedica and Welltower, are trying to make the view that there is not skilled nursing deal, but this is health system that’s coming in and trying to reinvent the skilled nursing space. I mean do you sort of subscribe to that view? Can we see how something like that could be successful over time and then maybe at some point down the road then more interested in getting into back into this sector?
Debra Cafaro: Well Michael, thanks for the question. One thing I would say is we've talked about healthcare and senior living team a really large fragmented dynamic space and you're really starting to see a huge amount of -- there was a lot of horizontal merger activity for a long time and now you're really starting to see a lot of vertical integration, what we call convergence at one point across assets types. And if you recall when we first became a partner of Arden, we talked a great length about how these asset types are converging whether it's hospitals without patient or post acute et cetera. And we really are seeing an acceleration and the dynamism all across health care, not as exciting and it’s a place where we see exceptionally well positioned to play and to help all these organizations achieve their goals, but also do great for Ventas shareholders. And so, there are lots of ways to play. We think we're right in the heart of it all and I think there's a lot of opportunities for us to continue to move the business forward within the dynamism that we see across the landscape of healthcare and senior housing.
Michael Bilerman: Specifically on integrating skill nursing into a larger health system, and then any know the Arden could potentially go down the road and integrate skill nursing to the hospital portfolio. Is that something again I guess how do you view skill your nursing exposure of your potential tenants in that regard? Is there a changing that you get more comfortable given your prior comments of the industry has been pretty negative?
Debra Cafaro: We have seen for many years and I've been working 19 years to get to a place where we are right now within the portfolio, which is which I think speaks for itself. I would say that the trends that we see in skilled nursing business have been significantly negative for a very long time and we continue to see those headwinds, and there have been a lot of smart people over the years who have awaited into the business, and it’s a very very very difficult business. And so we are happy with where we are, we're happy investing in our life science, MOB business in a way that Bob described and that's really where our focus moving our business forward is and we do continue to see senior lending over time being also a good place to be.
Michael Bilerman: Just one last question on Brookdale. I've never seen so many people unhappy that your FFO and cash flow is not lower than you’re actually got it to be. So in some ways you know if things get better and you would have lowered the rent further you would never have seen an upside over the next eight years and you've expanded the lease. But I guess in regard to that as things to get worse you run into this issue where you may have discussions today structure of a participating lease with the floor potential upside come about. Did you talk about maybe having certain efforts being SHOP assets relative to lease assets just trying to better understand the dynamics of limit two negotiations?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Yes, we tell the lot of brain cells so for coming up with what we thought was the optimal solution for the Brookdale and Ventas shareholders. That could really and I really believe that this is one of the same her team has great expertise and a track record in whether with – or others which is really looking at a situation and figuring out A how both people can be better off achieve the goals that they have and also optimize the results and advance interest of Ventas shareholders. And I think this is a really great proof point of that, there were many different ideas and structures that were considered, discussed Brookdale was I think really creative and corporative in the process as well. And we came up with what we think is the best outcome. And honestly I’m so glad that you said that because I think we achieve that and that constituents of those companies should be really happy with the outcome.
Debra Cafaro: Is that our final question? Okay. So, we want to thank everyone sincerely for being here today for your interest and support to Ventas. We appreciate everything you’ve done to make a last 20 years of Ventas such a great success story. And we look forward to seeing you again here. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Probst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Cobb - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Chad Vanacore - Stifel Daniel Bornstein - Capital One Todd Stender - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2017 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Crystal. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the year end quarter ended December 31, 2017. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Additional information about the factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the company's other SEC filings. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas year end 2017 earnings call. I'm delighted to be joined on today's call by our standing team. As we discuss our excellent year, highlight our enterprise strength and value and provide the framework for our 2018 expectations. The Ventas advantage has allowed us to deliver sustained excellence through cycles for two decades. This success has been founded on solid strategic vision, foresight and innovation, proactive capital allocation decisions, rigorous execution and a stable expert team. As we enter 2018, which is Ventas' twentieth year anniversary, we are confident we will continue our long track record of excellence as the leader in our space. Let's start by quickly recapping 2017, which was a record year for Ventas, setting new highs for net income and revenue, generating 5% operating cash flow and dividend growth and delivering normalized FFO same-store property cash NOI growth at the high end of our expectations. To enhance our diverse portfolio, we made nearly $2 billion in value creating investments, including significant expansion of our exciting University-Based Life Science business, profitably disposed of almost $1 billion in assets and completed several innovative deals with our leading operating partners. We made significant progress on our commitment to environmental, social and governance matters and received numerous prestigious recognitions for our outstanding ESG profile. Our team stayed strong, smart and unified as we executed our business plans with great success. As we look to 2018 and beyond, we're laser focused on finding ways to deliver value for investors. We've anticipated and are prepared for today's market and business conditions. Every environment end cycle provides opportunities for those like Ventas through our experience, strong and nimble enough to take advantage of them. That's what the Ventas team has done for the past 20 years. With that as a backdrop, we expect to grow our total same-store portfolio cash NOI 1.5% to 2% in 2018. Our expectations are benefiting from our portfolio diversification and mix with nearly two thirds of the business in our office and triple-net lease segments, while our SHOP portfolio is currently working its way through a timing mismatch of supply and demand, exacerbated by this year's severe flu season. We know that demographic demand from seniors will increase significantly, which should benefit performance in the SHOP portfolio in the coming years. Our enterprise is expected to generate approximately $3.5 million on consolidated revenues and $2 billion in consolidated net operating income in 2018. We expect our normalized FFO per share to range between $3.95 and $4.05 per share. During the year, we again intend to demonstrate capital allocation success by generating $1.5 billion as we harvest profits from the successful investments we've made. These include, receipt of full repayment on nearly $850 million of plus 9% well secured, well-structured loans in life sciences and hospitals, completion of a joint venture with an institutional capital partner on the valuable senior housing portfolio and a sale of other assets. We intend to recycle these proceeds and process into our future growth by ramping up to over $400 million. Our funding of premiere development and redevelopment projects, principally towards the life science and MOB assets and by retiring outstanding debts in a rising rate environment. While these capital allocation decisions do have an effect on our year-over-year FFO expectations, they're the right steps in the current environment to realize gains from successful capital allocation, diversify our capital sources and prove our financial strength and flexibility and create further dry powder where the market adjust to the changing rate environment. We also continue to pursue and evaluate opportunistic investments across our verticals. We remain focused on allocating capital wisely, where we find attractive risk adjusted returns, see a significant competitive advantage or strategic upside or can help a customer achieve its goal. We've averaged over $2.5 billion in annual investment volumes since 2012 and haven't built any material acquisition activity into our projections for 2018, consistent with our long standing historical practice. If we see investment opportunities that are attractive and high quality, we have the capacity and the ability to execute on them. Our 2017 and nearly 2018 activities highlight the benefits of our partnerships with leading platforms and the value of our properties. Due to the strength of these platforms the quality of the portfolio and strong forward demographic demand, institutional equity interest in Ventas' assets and operators is exceedingly high. Here are some recent proof points. Atria recently received a major equity investment in its operating business from Fremont Capital. This recapitalization demonstrated Atria's increased value since our original investment and validated Atria's leading market position as an outstanding senior housing care provider in a highly fragmented market. Second, Kindred recently agreed to be acquired by two experience healthcare investors, who are putting significant new equity capital behind the Kindred management team and their LTAC, IRF and rehab business. With recent positive reimbursement news and continued operational strategies taking hold, our LTAC should generate improving results in 2018. We know how long and hard our friends at Kindred worked to achieve this positive outcome for Kindred shareholders and we look forward to continuing to partner with them. Third, we see significant institutional interest by global capital sources in the creation of a joint venture for our portfolio of over 70 senior housing communities. We recently transitioned to a newly formed manager ESL. We were pleased to successfully complete the transition of these communities and our strategic investment in ESL last month. We're confident ESL will capture operational upside and additional value from this portfolio. ESL has already become a sort after manager in senior housing and we're delighted to back industry veteran Kai Hsiao and an experienced team of executives in this highly strategic new management company. Ardent continues to thrive and perform exceptionally well through year end. With its pending acquisition of East Texas Medical Center in partnership with the University of Texas System, Ardent is expected to generate over $4 billion in revenue from its operation of 31 hospitals in seven states, with 40% average market share. And finally, our leading life science platform Wexford remains to source a significant growth and value creation. In 2017, we invested nearly $400 million in development commitments and acquisitions, including projects anchored by or affiliated with Brown University, Virginia Commonwealth, UPenn and WashU. This exciting business line with top tied highly rated research institutions and companies has grown nearly 40% since inception. And we continue to see growth opportunities at attractive risk adjusted returns as we invest to meet the needs of premiere research institutions and companies. We are also very pleased to see that congress has significantly increased NIH funding over the next few years. A word on our dividend and tax policy before I close. The recent tax cuts as we all know provided significant rate reduction to 21% for US corporations. In addition, owners of pass through businesses including real estate companies received an effective rate reduction to just under 30% at the highest marginal rate. That rate also applies to reap dividends. We were pleased that our board recently increased our dividend 2% because our growing reliable dividend is an important component of the total value propositions we offer our shareholders. To provide our shareholders with the benefit of the new rate, our fourth quarter 2017 dividend will be taxable in 2018 under the new improved rate. Our dividend increase further demonstrates our confidence in our business and our cash flow. And that's a good segue to my conclusion. In short, we remain bullish on our business and our company. We have near term burgeoning demographic demands, a large fragmented industry, a proven consistent strategy, a strong balance sheet, excellent operating partners, a growing development pipeline of trophy assets that will become additives to earnings in the future, a cohesive experience team and a track record of superior performance through cycles, the Ventas team is ready for another 20 years of success. With that I'm happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert Probst: Thanks Debby. I'm happy to report another strong year of cash flow performance from our high quality portfolio of healthcare, seniors housing and office properties. Our total property portfolio delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 2.5% for the full year 2017. At the high end of our 2% to 2.5% total company same-store guidance. All segments contributed to this growth and each delivered at the midpoint to the high end of our original same-store guidance ranges. In 2018, we expect our total property portfolio to generate continued positive same-store NOI growth in the range of 0.5% to 2%, benefiting from diversification of asset class, operators, geography and business model. Let me detail our 2017 performance and 2018 guidance for our properties at a segment level starting with our triple-net business. Our triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by an excellent 3.7% for the full year 2017. In the fourth quarter triple-net same-store cash NOI increased an outstanding 4.2% for the third quarter of 2017. Trailing 12 months, EBITDA and cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple-net lease portfolio for the third quarter of 2017, related to the above information was consistent with prior quarter at 1.6 times. Coverage in our triple-net same-store seniors housing portfolio was 1.2 times, down from 1.3 times last quarter as a result of escalated growth outpacing underlying asset level cash flows. Cash flow coverage in our same-store IRF and LTAC portfolio held stable at 1.6 times despite rent increases and the impact of the LTAC reimbursement change. Finally, Ardent performed exceptionally well throughout 2017.Third quarter 2017 results were strong compared to leading publicly traded hospital systems in the US, with admissions, adjusted admissions, revenue and EBITDA growth did impact. As a result Ardent rent coverage held strong at three times. For 2018, we expect our triple–net portfolio overall to grow from 3% to 4%, driven by in place lease escalations. Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio, our SHOP results for the full year and for the quarter were right in line with our expectations. Indeed, our initial SHOP guidance provided in February 2017, proved to be highly accurate throughout the year and top to bottom through the P&L. Full year same-store occupancy in 2017 declined by 180 basis points versus 2016, driven by the cumulative impact of new deliveries in select market. Growth for the year approached 4% and fuel the bottom line. Operating expenses were held to 2% increase despite labor wage growth of 4%. For the full year, same-store cash NOI increased by 1.3%, above the midpoint of our original guidance. The occupancy gap versus prior year narrowed to 180 basis points in the fourth quarter, with our new deliveries continued to pressure revenue. Q4 expenses were held under 2% through a continued management of direct and indirect costs. At the bottom line Q4 same-store SHOP cash NOI declined modestly in line with our expectations. We continue to see strength in high barrier markets including Los Angeles, San Francesco, Boston and Ontario. Despite the strength, we observed mid to high single digit NOI declines in markets affected by new competition, most notably within secondary markets. Turning to 2018, we expect full year same-store SHOP cash NOI to be lower in the range of 1% to 4%. SHOP same-store cash NOI is expected to decline in 2018 due to the full year occupancy impact of a severe flu season as well as the cumulative impact of new supply in certain markets. Let me expand on each of these drivers. First, flu. This flu season is the most severe in years in terms of duration and reach across most markets of the United States. Flu related hospitalizations are up nearly 70% among seniors aged 65 years older. Those supportive of hospital and MOB volumes should negatively pressure senior housing occupancy in two ways, through accelerated resident move outs as well as limited move ins due to community quarantines. The second driver of 2018 SHOP guidance is the cumulative impact of new supply. The elevated levels of new deliveries we observed in 2017 are expected to further accelerate in 2018, with new openings approximating 3% of inventory in our trade areas. On a positive note, new starts in Q4 '17 were down nearly 20% in our trade areas. However, delayed new deliveries increased overall construction to inventory by 30 basis points on a restudy basis to 6.2%. In light of these two drivers, we expect that same-store occupancy in 2018 will decline in the range of 200 basis points versus 2017. In terms of a rate, we continue to see opportunity to drive in place rent increases for existing residents. The majority of the 2018 realtors have now gone out and average 4% across the portfolio and thus far are holding up well. Price competition on new resident rates are expected to dampen overall growth for the year to approximately 3%. From an expense perspective, a tight labor market and competition for staff is expected to drive wage pressure in the 4% range, partially offset by fluxing staff and managing non-labor costs. Therefore, we expect same-store cash NOI to range from minus 1% to minus 4%. The range is a function of the timing and occupancy impact of new deliveries and the resulting price competition in the supply challenged markets. Although the current supply demand miss-match is compressing near term profitability, we continue to believe in the long term opportunity in seniors housing and in our excellent market position with our high quality real estate operated by a select group of the nation's leading care providers. Let's round out the portfolio review with our office reporting segment, which represents approximately 25% of Ventas' NOI. For the full year 2017, office same-store cash NOI increased by 2% at the high end of our guidance. Q4 was the first quarter in which our office same-store pool included both our life science and our medical office portfolios. Our life science portfolio performed incredibly well in the fourth quarter drawing same-store cash NOI by 5.6%, as new leasing in our well forced assets to our life science occupancy is 330 basis points higher to an outstanding 97.4%. The benefit of our ongoing development pipeline will begin to benefit the same-store pool starting in 2019. Turning to our highly valuable medical office business, MOB same-store cash NOI for the full year 2017 increased by 2% at the high end of guidance. Our teams did an excellent job managing occupancy despite 33% higher lease expirations in 2017. Tenant retention in 2017 rose to over 80%. Revenue also benefited from in place lease escalations that exceeded 2%. In 2018, we expect 1.5% to 2.5% growth from same-store medical office portfolio, guides us to stable occupancy, just like continued lease expirations at elevated levels, low single digit rate growth and expense controls. On a combined basis, our office portfolio of life science properties and MOB assets is expected to grow same-store cash NOI in the range of 1.75% to 2.75% for the full year 2018. Now, on to our overall company financial results, in 2017, we delivered earnings growth at the high end of our guidance range, completed more than 1.8 billion of investments and 900 million of profitable dispositions with gains exceeding 700 million, made significant progress in enhancing our financial strength, raised our dividend and executed our strategic initiatives. Normalized FFO grew 1% to $4.16 per fully diluted share at the high end of our $4.13 to $4.16 guidance range. Our same store cash NOI for the portfolio grew 2.5%, also at the high end of our guidance. We bolstered our liquidity by 1.4 billion through increased revolving credit facilities. Our balance sheet is in good health, with net debt to EBITDA of 5.7 times, fixed charge coverage at exceptional 4.6 times and net debt to gross asset value of 38%. Meanwhile, cash flow from operations grew 5% in 2017 and the company's board of directors declared a dividend for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.79, representing a 2% year-over-year increase. On to the full year 2018 guidance for the company, the key components of our guidance are as follows. Income from continuing operations is estimated to range between $1.34 and $1.40 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO per fully diluted share is forecast to range from $3.95 to $4.05. We expect our portfolio will grow same-store cash NOI by 0.5% to 2%, with same-store NOI growth at the midpoint as measured on a GAAP basis roughly 100 basis points lower than cash NOI. Finally, debt reduction is expected to further improve the company's net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA ratio to approximately 5.5 times by year end 2018. Substantially all of the change in year-over-year normalized FFO is explained by three drivers. First, despite our track record of accretive new acquisitions, our guidance assumes no material and announced acquisitions in 2018, as is our normal practice entering the year. Second, the impact of nearly 1 billion in late 2017 dispositions, together with a further 1.5 billion new 2018 dispositions with proceeds here marked for that reduction, drives approximately $0.10 of 2018 FFO reduction. Though dilutive to FFO this capital recycling activity reflects Ventas' capital allocation excellence, namely, we sold 700 million of sniffed assets in late 2017 at a highly attractive 7% cash yield. We expect nearly 850 million in repayments in 2018 on loans extended by Ventas that created significant value for our shareholders. Most notably an expected early prepayment of the 700 million, 9% loan to Ardent that funded the successful LHP acquisition. The disposition guidance also assumes the sale in 2018 of a share of the senior housing assets transition to ESL, creating a new strategic operating platform and attracting a new institutional capital partner. The third driver of FFO change year-over-year arises from aggressively managing our balance sheet. In addition to debt reduction from disposition proceeds, we expect to proactively refinance debt in 2018 with longer duration fixed rate debt to both extend our maturity profile and reduce refinancing risk. Together with LIBOR increases, these refinancing actions are expected to reduce FFO per share by $0.07. Moving on to other important elements of our 2018 guidance, we expect to accelerate our investment in future growth via approximately 425 million in development and redevelopment funding. Notably, in new grounds of developments associated with UPenn, WashU and Brown. 2018 guidance includes fees and payments from tenants generating an incremental $0.04 of positive FFO in 2018, most notably arising from the announced Kindred sale to TPG, Welsh, Carson and Humana. No equity is included in guidance and therefore the 2018 outlook assumes approximately 360 million weighted average fully diluted shares. To close, the Ventas team is pleased with our performance in 2017 and strongly committed to sustaining our long track record of excellence in 2018 and beyond. With that I will ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning Debbie. So the model of questions from my end, the short portfolio, I understand what you are saying about supply having an impact and things of that nature. But, could you talk a little bit about, is part of it also more difficult year-over-year comps from Canada that did really well last year, that's slowing this year. And, I guess some of us are just a bit surprised about the big magnitude of the decline in '18 versus '17.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Tayo, I'm going to turn that to Rob for answer.
Robert Probst: Sure Tayo, within the guidance it's very clear with the two drivers are year-over-year, it's full of suppliers as outlined. If you look at the market level clearly that's most pronounced particularly the supply in the US. We expect Canada would continue to perform well in '18, clearly driven by a rage given the high occupancy. But, if this is really been a movie that's been on what we saw over the last year, we've been very consistent and accurate on the forecast. You saw that happening in the fourth quarter on the heels of a new supply, so it's really continuing that trend line.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, in regards to your guidance versus the street, I think one of the things I've almost had difficulty modeling was that the Armcrops [ph] and the whole transition mode towards UB a minority owner and a JV versus having full ownership. Could you just give us a little bit more detail around again the overall size of the transaction, may be some pricing data? Anything that's going to kind of help us to model that a little bit better versus the limited data we had going into the quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, this is Debbie and congratulations on your forecasting, you get a prize for that. The - what I would say about the transaction is, you know we are very happy that we have successfully completed the transition of the asset and our investment in the operating business at ESL and we did that in January successfully. We kind of separated, you have to think about the impacts in a couple of buckets and I think on the NOI side for the period of time that we own, you know obviously we'll have 100% of NOI from the asset. And, we expect that NOI to have operational upside over time, so excited about that. And, then we've treated the joint venture essentially as in the disposition bucket when we talk about the billion and a half of expected dispositions that would be the pro-radar share of what we would be potentially partnering with the global institution on capital source on. And, receiving proceeds from that, and so, we would expect that to add an attractive evaluation obviously, and the amount and the evaluation of the asset while we expect to be positive will be refined as we get closer to completion of that transaction, which we would expect should be done maybe a year.
Tayo Okusanya: But, just to clarify, that 1.5 billion you have in recycling in your 2018 numbers is all across the entire thing?
Debra Cafaro: No, no, that's what I was saying is you know if you assume evaluation, pick a number caller one, then if we were joint venturing such that an institutional capital partner was buying say, 33% of the portfolio, then the disposition proceeds would include 0.33 of that. So, that's how it's being counted and hopefully that provides clarity for modeling.
Robert Probst: I think that 1.5 billion has 350 million of loaner payments and then the balance is property asset dispositions including ESL that we described.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it, that's helpful. The last one for me if you don't mind, the 200 in gain on sales that you had in 2017, does that come back to interest or some type of special dividend? Can you kind of re-invest those gains into acquisitions, you just going to talk about that kind of extra liquidity that you generated?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I mean we had over 700 million of gain since 2017, and, I would say we have been able to redeploy those proceeds into a combination of redevelopment and development projects as we talked about, debt reduction and of course some of that does come to our shareholders by virtue of our dividend. So, that's how those proceeds have been utilized.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah, Deb yesterday I touched on your comments regarding the investment market till date. What is the Ventas's strategy and are you likely to become the fed line to the near term until market price is adjusted with the higher interest rates that we've seen?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, good morning, so again, in our experience kind of working through market changes like the one that we are currently going through, I would say that we are very confident in our ability to be good capital allocators. That, I think then on the buying and the self-side demonstrated over the last couple of years, we continue to be active and seeking value creating investments as and when we find them and our priorities clearly are to continue to invest behind trophy development and redevelopment projects that would be added in to earnings in the coming years. And, we continue to try to support our customers and find other opportunities that will create value for investors. So, there may be, as we've seen in the past a lag between the change in the public market environment and private market evaluation and we are ready to take advantage of opportunities when they arrive.
Michael Carroll: Okay, and then just last question real quick, can you provide some additional color on your growth plans with Ardent and what was the main issue trying to transition that debt position on the LHP portfolio to equity ownership position?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we've already said that we thought that the LHP loan that is the $700 million plus loan, that we made to fund our Ardent acquisition of a high quality hospital company LHP, and again we feel very, very good about all the hospital investments that we have made. And, we said, when we made it, that they are two good outcomes, one is that we would get paid back on the loan, which will make it an excellent investment. And, the other might be that they get converted into an equity position. Right now, our expectation is that it would be repaid in 2018 and we think that's a very positive outcome. And, again overtime, we really we believe in Ardent and we know, that they are operating high quality asset and overtime we hope to convert some of that into equity ownership. So, we are in a perfectly hedged position and we are supporting their growth and I think making good investment.
Michael Carroll: That's great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Schmidt Ross [ph] from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, can you hear me? Okay thanks. I just wanted to ask you - you noted that the net lease on senior housing, net lease coverage came down to about 1.2 times, for the third quarter. And, given that fundamentals worth continuing to be challenging in that space, are you confident that the portfolio different to decline to under one times coverage and it's too soon to talk about, potential rent reductions, just how are you thinking about that coverage going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Schmidt. Overtime, again when you have to triple net lease assets, you would expect EBITDA to vary as running creases and you go through operating cycles on assets. As we see here today, we are comfortable with the performance which again is expected as we've talked before and our current expectations are that we'll continue to have all of our material rent paid in 2018, and feel good about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then I just wanted to ask you too, just looks like the percent of MOB's is rolling in 2018, went up a little bit sequentially from what you achieved in the third quarter and I just wonder what was driving that?
Robert Probst: You are correct Schmidt, it is up, you'll recall '17 was already at elevated levels, '18 we are seeing more of the same, and we've added some assets in that pool, so pools are changing but at the end of the day, the team has done a great job in retaining tenants. I mentioned we had over 80% tenant retention and that's great. We hope to have the same going into '18, but these two years in particular has been at elevated levels.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for the time. Good morning. Just on the idea guys I was hoping you could talk to just as a whole what you are expecting for expense growth, are you talking a little bit about the labor strategy equation and what the guys questions, any color on G&A?
Robert Probst: Total OpEx which you know is 60% of that is really labor driven, the rest remaining 4% labor increases, very much in line with what we saw in '17, which itself records reflecting some of the pressure we see on the tight labor market. We expect to see some offset with non-labor expenses, managing those down and also again flexing labor in '18. Albeit there is some moderation of that as we think about the active development. These are the flexing labor in 18 and so, though there's an offset, it's not a full offset and that's inherent in the guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: And, G&A sorry?
Robert Probst: In total OpEx, the total OpEx line. G&A for?
Unidentified Analyst: The corporate.
Robert Probst: Look we've always been very lean and efficient and there's no change there. We had some modest increases in cost just really driven by compensation, inflation etcetera. But, no significant headcount changes, no significant moves, very much controlled as always.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then just going back to Schmidt's question on the triple-net coverage, with the decline quarter-over-quarter yearlong one times EBITDA. You've got to get exposures Holiday in Brookdale and Holiday's had a tough goal at Brookdale as well. You've got some expirations coming in '19. Could you give us any sense on kind of what the game plan is and we just wanted to re-innovate that there is no assumed rent pay in the '18 timings?
Debra Cafaro: Yes happy to confirm that last statement that as we sit here today we are comfortable with were things stand, and have assumed contractual rent payments through 2018. And, clearly we are in a part of the cycle, we are operating retail store are feeling a little bit of the heat. I would say that we've been in lease renewal situations many times before as you've seen with Kindred and other operators and we will continue to handle those obviously in the best possible way. And, I think you can count on us for that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great. And, just one more question about - the $0.04 you alluded to as fees is that being included in the same store triple-net guidance for '18?
Robert Probst: No, it's not Von; it's not associated with the lease.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Nick [indiscernible] from UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, hi everyone. About senior housing operating segment can you talk a little bit about how much the flu impact hits same-store NOI growth, I assume it's some level on occupancy, but maybe it's a tough question ask - answer, but just trying to get a feel for what - we didn't have a bad flu season what would be the occupancy assumption?
Robert Probst: It's a really good question Nick, and very hard to quantify, despite many people trying to do so. It clearly does affect occupancy; we talked about accelerated move outs, and difficulty in move in just because we can't sell. And, that's been the occupancy impact, a number I can share with you is, we do track each of those particularly track, how many days are closed for selling to new potential residence year-on-year. And, that number has gone up by 250% year-on-year in terms of base closed for selling. Ultimately what that translates to in terms of occupancy, hard to say. But, as we've seen flu in the past, does not appear to happen is, it's not a timing issue, it doesn't rebound. You've altered your occupancy where that kind of carries forward throughout the year, so, hard to put a number on, but, clearly an impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And, then just going to the same store guidance here, you said in a lease out you're GAAP seems like growth is 100 basis points lower than cash, mostly due to the office segment. And, so I am just wondering what that is, is that just lot of free rent burning off? It seems like a big difference if office is 25% of the same circle?
Robert Probst: We've talked about this before and given the 100 basis points as a rule of sum, and it is notably a straight line being the big difference, where the straight line rents farther, so we don't see that escalation which we view in the cash number. What's notable here, we want to highlight is the life science business, which is now an important part of the overall same store, has significant straight lining, so, that really is the new news if you like. But, the 100 basis point difference has been really consistent.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, just one last one for me. Going back to, inside the 5.5 debt to EBITDA target by year end, and you have a lot of dispositions and a lot of debt payoffs assumed. But, looks like you still have some capacity to do acquisitions and hit your 5.5 debt of EBITDA target, so, can you maybe just walk us through the leverage mass and let us spell it, if there is actually any buying capacity that you have for acquisitions which are not assuming guidance, and where you can still get to that 5.5 debt EBITDA, thanks?
Robert Probst: Certainly in the 5.5 looks like the assumptions we've given you and obviously we the ratio depends on both the EBITDA and the indebtness and that combination gives us 5.5. Clearly there is opportunity for investment, though we had 57 year end 2017. We've always been very comfortable in 5 to 6 and therefore the ability to use the balance sheet to go after acquisition or investment opportunities is clearly there. And the drive power and financial flexibility for us to do so, is an important reason why we are raising the proceeds to be lower. But, the math tells you it's 5.5 as assumed.
Debra Cafaro: And, make sure you are counting obviously the funding of our lease East Trophy development project that we are working on that you provide the EBITDA in the later years, but, not in the current one, for they do use capital in the current environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good morning. So if I could just get back to Brookdale for a moment and I think you know, trusting you to handle it and you know you have good track record in handling difficult situations. I'm curious, when you have 650 million of asset sales, inclusive of the joint venture, so some sub side of that, plus 2019 expirations in your triple net portfolio coming. To what degree is the 2018 plan on Brookdale asset sales addressing leases, or already they are coming to a 19 a combination of both you have. Do you have weaning towards one way or the other to address the Brookdale situation?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thanks for the question and the confidence. Again, I think we are very comfortable with where we are right now. We have good assets, we have good agreements, we have good experience to come up with optimal outcomes for our Ventas shareholders and our tenement operating partners and we continue to use that tool kit really with everyone to make sure that we are coming up with these optimal outcomes that can create positive results for the tenants and also protecting base interest of our Ventas shareholders.
Rich Anderson: So, but doing it before '19 probably makes sense, is that a fair statement?
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's not a science, and so that's the experience part where really there are optimal ways and times to take actions and you know our job is to advance and protect the interest of the shareholders while obviously, we have an interest in Brookdale's continued success as well. So, we are on it.
Rich Anderson: Fair enough, okay. I got you. And the last question is, you're paying down debt strategy is reminiscent of three great recession time period when you were pretty early to kind of hunker down on your balance sheet. I also think and we also think that this sector needs some price discovery to create maybe some type of care house, may be you get that with your ESL joint venture to some degree. But, perhaps some other combinations, to what degree are you kind of reinforcing your balance sheet with an eye towards some of the major dislocation of stock price performance in your group today? Do you think, may be not you, but do you think M&A in some form of fashion is a necessary component to the ultimate long term success of the healthcare REITs?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, that's a big question and I'm going to take on a part of it. But, you know, yes you were right about price discovery, I think that we had said and in turn and have proven out in many respects the very keen institutional interest in our asset types in our operators and part again that's because of the demographic demand in the business. But, we are in this changing price environment that relates to a whole health factors including changing rate environment. So, we are pleased with kind of how we've positioned the company so far, we like the idea that we have a 1.5 billion coming in the door expected in 2015, to enhance that right factor and financial strength and flexibility. And, what I want to share is that we wouldn't tend to use those resources in the best way we can to create value for our shareholders. And, it's probably too early to say what those best moves are, but the key thing is to be in the position to have a lot of options and a lot of firepower, and that's where we are. And, that's we are happy about.
Rich Anderson: Okay, sounds great, thanks Debby.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Michael Knott: Hi everyone. Just one question as you think about the construction of the portfolio, when you compare and contrast the SHOP guidance rate for '18 versus the continued stability and strength of the triple net portfolio. Does it make it all re-think, what's the right size of the SHOP portfolio within the overall Ventas asset base?
Debra Cafaro: Right great question. I mean we have always prided ourselves on being extremely disciplined about portfolio diversification, which we look at in terms of asset type, business moral and operator, among other things. And, I think we have capped to that discipline and investors I think sometimes want us to go more forward one way or another. But, we think our portfolio construction has been very deliberate and I think our mix is actually quite good. Obviously, we have our out of fiscal nursing business, which is I would argue the most significantly challenged as a class in our business. We think the senior housing as I said - we have a high quality SHOP portfolio, that's about 29% of our NOI. And, that is a good percentage I would say as you get benefits, but you clearly go through some sick locality as we work our way through this supply demand finding miss-match. And, then you have the great office and triple net portfolio, about two ferrets of the company right now. And that office portfolio is growing and it's lower kind of wage type business. And, at the end of the day this portfolio construction is really an important priority for us and it is served our shareholders well overtime. And, we believe it's continuing to do so.
Michael Knott: Okay, and then just on the, your response to the question a second ago about having the optimal firepower to take advantage of future opportunities perhaps. Just wanted to ask about the 5.5 times, that EBITDA is that the right leverage level, is that what you are thinking sort of the lowest that you will get to. And also, it sounded like the recent moves in the equity market did sort of pause you to become a bit more conservative and the capital allocation philosophy and view the balance sheet if I understand [indiscernible] but you certainly sound that part of that is getting the team like you are pretty conservative in 2017 on the capital allocation front? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Good, right I mean I think you are reading it. We have as I said, we have anticipated in peers for current market and business conditions. We forget about where we are, we continue to evaluate balance sheet and capital allocation and gain portfolio diversification but follow the principles that are long standing ones that we followed for a long time, which is basically five to six times on the balance sheet and kind of strict rules around our portfolio mix. And so, '18 is exactly as you say a continuation of that, and I think the value of that approach is manifest.
Michael Knott: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thanks good morning. You've mentioned in your prepared remarks that you think flu may have a 200 basis points impact to your SHOP occupancy this year along with new supply. Do you think this is emblematic of the industry and do you think that the triple net tenants are also forecasting this piece of the coin?
Robert Probst: Just to clarify John, there are two key drivers on the guidance on occupancy, one is flu, the second is the supply impact. Those together are driving we estimate 200 basis points of occupancy decline year-on-year. So, it's the key note of impact as opposed to an individual impact within that. Clearly within the industry data if you look at it, occupancy pressures throughout the industry, you see that in neck, no difference. I think what you need to SHOP portfolio has been the pricing power in ways we've been achieving and that's what I said is really fueling the bottom-line, but occupancy seems to be in line within these interns.
John Kim: Your [indiscernible] declined a little bit sequentially and I'm just wondering if the industry is more aggressive on buying ultimately and lowering rates, if you are going to be positive?
Robert Probst: You right to say, we did see some erosion in the fourth quarter and indeed as we think about the guidance for '18, I mentioned for the year overall was 4% roughly in '17, we are expecting 3% in '18 on the annual growth. The driver of that is I've got the releasing spread it is, in select markets where there is new competition, we are expecting pressure, and that's what drives that differential.
John Kim: And then, second question is on how to leverage, I think it's been a couple of quarters since you know that you were transitioning from MOB business and I'm wondering if you have an update replacement?
Debra Cafaro: Well, he is sitting here with a big smile and that's a good question. So we continue our MOB CEO search and expect to be successful at it and Todd is at the helm and performing all his duties and we expect to have a successful transition of those duties in the course of the beginning of this year.
John Kim: Do you think the person will have public MOB background?
Debra Cafaro: Great question, I think we are looking at a wonderful slate of very attractive candidate with varied backgrounds. We have prioritized someone who is expert in the healthcare business and has all of Todd's other good qualities and so we will be happy to share more as the search concludes.
John Kim: Alright thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. I just wanted to clarify on the Ardent repayment, you mentioned the East Texas Medical, would you have interest in participating there, is there an opportunity for Ventas?
Debra Cafaro: I do want to talk about that. So, when we acquired an interest in Ardent West EGI several years ago, clearly cheated up as a really outstanding hospital operator, great assets, great market share and poised to be a consolidator. And, that is definitely happening as we jute up on the board, there's recent opportunity for Ardent to acquire East Texas Medical Centre West University at Texas. This term is a really exciting one and highlights Ardent stability to be a consolidator. I would say that overtime we certainly may have an opportunity to partner on the real estate. The current plan is to acquire the assets and integrate them and we are very supportive of that. Ardent will be more than double the size of when we first started, and be very, very successful. And so we are well positioned overtime to, as we talked about with the LHP asset our recent acquisition and [indiscernible] and then the East Texas Medical, real estate, to become an owner there have. It's a process, yes, particularly with the fact that many of these hospitals have really valuable academic medical center and not so profit system, partnerships and relationships. And so, that is wonderful for the performance of the asset, it's wonderful for market share and pricing and for Ardent it is a process. So, over time as we saw with some of the assets we originally acquired to transition those into successful real estate ownership.
Jordan Sadler: Okay and then in terms of your Ventas, you're going on 20 years of, I don't mean to point it out, but, you've got a pretty compelling run here and I'm not asking you about your planning for the future and a way in terms of your tenure. But, I'm curious you watched the ten year goal from probably close to 6% when you started lows in the 1% range and it seems as if the tenure has bottomed potentially and I know the market is quite worth a number of times here. But, it looks like it's heading higher, I see you selling assets here and I'm curious as you look may be, a few years out with a potential for higher rates, how should Ventas be positioned, balance sheet and asset wise? What makes the most sense to you right now?
Debra Cafaro: Well I think we are very well positioned right now and what continually gets me excited about coming to work every day is the team that's here. The tremendous company that we've built and while we have done so much over those 20 years as you know, 20 years of 23%, 24% compound annual return, 20 years of growth from a couple of hundred million and equity GAAP. 20 years from 100% Kindred to 6% Kindred, what's exciting is there is so much more to do. Our sector I believe is still in the early stages of a private and public transition. I think it is still under owned in public end, and we continue to see tremendous opportunities in the space and are excited about the demographic demand that we have in our space, that isn't shared by many other real estate spaces and some of the very exciting opportunities that we see ahead.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Jordan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chad Vanacore from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: Hey good morning everyone. So just thinking of the Ardent transaction rate including $59 delivery payment, in kempt timing on that? Is that sort of midyear or what you are expecting that?
Robert Probst: Midyear is a good assumption, yes.
Chad Vanacore: Okay and then just on that my backed example of math would suggest that, the transactions and dispositions that you've laid out will get you probably down to leverage in the low 5s because you are saying is yearend we should expect mid 5. In that leverage assumption are there acquisitions and recycling of assets that's assumed in there?
Robert Probst: No again, we are at 5-5 with those assumptions. A couple of things to know, the 1.5 billion is at a 8% blended yield on average, right being used to pay down debt in the range of 4%, 4.5% and we are also at the same time investing $425 million in development and redevelopment spending which is not yielding immediate NOI, that's future investment for future growth. So at the end of all that, it's 5 more times.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, got it and then just thinking about the Brookdale portfolio. Could you give us an idea what coverage is today and can we assume that operating results on that portfolio actually more trend to what you've laid out on your SHOP portfolio? And then if it's not then what's different?
Debra Cafaro: Okay so, as we've said in the past in terms of our triple-net coverage's, Brookdale's very consistent with the coverage's that we have in the entire portfolio. And in terms of specific trend in that business as we always are careful to do with our public operating partners would encourage you to talk to them about their specific operating results. But, within our portfolio, very consistent with the triple net senior housing reported coverage's.
Chad Vanacore: Alright, then just one last one for me, when you are thinking about this JV in the [indiscernible] portfolio, can you give us an idea of why the strategic partnership with the new capital partner there?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean we think there are lots of strategic and financial benefits to doing it, we like to diversify our capital forces. We think it would be great to have a recognized global institutional partner there and we are - we believe there's upside in the portfolio, that is valuable and that it's a great opportunity for us to continue to recycle capital and continue building out for example our trophy life science portfolio and ramp up the development pipeline and fund activities like that. So we think it's an excellent opportunity all the way round.
Chad Vanacore: Alright, thanks for taking the questions.
Debra Cafaro: My pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. The question comes from Paul Puryear from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is actually Jonathan, he's on - but good morning thanks for the time. So going back to the LHP Ardent loan, why are they prepaying and how do they plan to fund. It seems to me they wouldn't be able to get cheaper debt in the current environment relative to your guess. So I'm just trying to understand why the prepaying and where that money will come from.
Debra Cafaro: Because Ardent has done well and because it acquired LHP, it acquired another asset and is on track as we've mentioned to acquire East Texas Medical Center. I think in general the idea would be to refinance a more streamlined capital structure for the entire company and it really is a mark of the company's success that we believe it will be able to do so. And that's our expectation and that they will use those proceeds to repay our loan and we would redeploy the proceeds as discussed.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fair enough. And then one more, I know you put out a press release following the Kindred news in December supporting the deal, but they put out a slide deck this month that doesn't suggest any slowdown in the headwinds facing the post-acute space. Do you see any risk from Kindred now being owned by private equity in terms of them being more aggressive and looking at cost savings, potentially including rent payments?
Debra Cafaro: Well, that's a really interesting one because as I said I - as we look across the landscape here, whether it's Florida that's getting new equity funding from ETI to continued its stand or Atria, who's getting equity capital, I would say Kindred is in the same situation. We think it's a real positive that experienced healthcare investors like TPG and Welsh, Carson are putting fresh equity and a significant amount of it into the LTAC and IRF and rehab business with Kindred our leading operator and there will be a substantially, frankly de-levered balance sheet in that situation and as I mentioned we think that the LTAC particularly with its recent news out of Washington on the extended spell would in fact have positive operating trajectory in 2018. So we think the partnership with Kindred and the new private equity firms can create opportunities for us. We have done business with Welsh, Carson before and we really look forward to continuing to work with them and hope there will be opportunities for us together to do more.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Daniel Bornstein from Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bornstein: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Bornstein: Hi, are there other opportunities to joint venture and say other asset classes for hospice senior housing for you such as medical office or life science? I haven't really heard you talk about that, but there seems like there should be opportunities there as well?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I'm glad that you pointed that out. Again, we have a valuable diversified portfolio. We have with Todd, scaled MOB business and in doing so created billions of dollars of value. Assets have grown seven times since we first came together, obviously a very attractive asset class to institutional capital and we're doing the same thing with the University based life science, that is investing early with the winning platform, putting capital behind it and creating value and overtime it's a great option to have and certainly there's great interest in out high quality office portfolio from institutional capital for possible joint ventures.
Daniel Bornstein: Okay and then in regards to the de-risking, de-leveraging of the business, I think that's the right strategy at this point and commend you on that. At the same time you're trading at about 10% discount to net asset value. What was there - was there a soft process in terms of buybacks versus de-risking, it almost implies that you think there's going to be very good opportunities going forward on the acquisition side at some point, if you don't buyback your stock at this point.
Debra Cafaro: Great, another great question again. We think about - what we're doing is we are harvesting process and proceeds from successful investments, our immediate gear marking is for those proceeds to de-lever and improve financial strength, which gives us additional dry powder and then as the environment clarifies, obviously we believe that we will be really sound capital allocators and whether and how we would chose to use that dry powder. And there is many, many ways for us to that and you've sited some of them and we would expect to allocate that dry powder if at all to value creating investments which can include a wide range of possibilities including our own equity.
Daniel Bornstein: Okay, okay. I know it's already late in the call, but just one quick question on the timing - how you think about the occupancy loss and the minus 1 to minus 4 NOI? Do you think that the operational business is going to get better in the second half of '18 versus one half, I know there's normal seasonality, but how are you thinking about the kind of the trophy in senior housing at this point?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we appreciate the questions and we want to make sure to give everyone their due time today, so I'm going to ask Bob to address that last one.
Robert Probst: We really expect the quarters to look quite similar year-on-year. We don't see a wild variation, I mentioned the flu impact and how that tends to continue kind of drop down occupancy and carry forward through the year, so that will therefore affect all the quarters, but beyond that I don't see anything that's driving any unique changes quarter-to-quarter beyond normal seasonality.
Daniel Bornstein: Okay, I appreciate. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Todd Stender from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Hi, good morning. Thanks for staying on.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Todd Stender: Back to the Canadian discussion, it's a market - it remains a bright spot for you guys in senior housing, but when you look at the price point of Canadian rents versus US rents even in your lowest bucket. Is affordability part of the key, I mean is that something that's going to support occupancy and is there an opportunity here in the US to play in that lower segment something in the 3 maybe $3,500 a month range?
Robert Probst: Yeah, I'll comment on the Canadian pricing first, which is - it's more of an IO market for us than the overall portfolio, so on a relative basis, it looks lower but it's really based on the equity. And we believe we have placed strong pricing power by the way in Canada. I mentioned that is what gives us confidence in 2018 and continue to grow the bottom line in Canada on that price and we are at plus 90% occupancy there, so that gives us the opportunity to so do.
Todd Stender: Great, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay, so I'm glad that you all joined in this morning and want to say, how much we all sincerely appreciate your time, your interest in our call and our comments and in your interest in support of our company. So thank you so much, we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Probst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Cobb - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Smedes Rose - Citi Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Karin Ford - MUFG Securities Americas Inc. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chad Vanacore - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Daniel Bernstein - Capital One Sheila McGrath - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2917 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Liane. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2017. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The projections, predictions, and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas third quarter earnings call. We are very pleased with our results this quarter, our prospects for the full year and the accelerated execution on our strategic priorities. Today, I'll touch briefly on our positive performance and full year guidance, highlight the extraordinary recent efforts of our leading care providers to keep residence and patients safe during natural disasters, introduce some exciting opportunities we are pursuing and conclude with the few words on public policy and the excellent cohesive Ventas team. Following Bob's review of our financial results, we will be delighted to take your questions. At Ventas, we continue to focus on delivering reliable cash flows from a diversified portfolio of high quality assets on a strong balance sheet. The third quarter continued our patterns of resilient results as we grew normalized FFO to $1.04 per share, driven principally by increased property NOI and accretive investments. During and following the quarter, we recognized over $500 million in games and sale mostly from our accelerated exit from the skilled nursing business with attractive pricing. Our financial strength improved as well with enhanced liquidity and even better credit stats sequentially. We are also delighted to improve our full year expectations for company-wide same-store NOI growth by 25 basis points to 2% to 2.5%. This improvement and property NOI growth expectations enables us to maintain the midpoint of our normalized FFO per share guidance range, despite the previously announced $0.04 reduction in earnings impact from our accelerated SNF sales. Our resilient diverse portfolio gives us confidence. Now, I'd like to take a moment to focus on the recent natural disasters and the tremendous efforts of our operating partners who is employees and executives kept residence and patients safe. Thanks to the excellent preparation and actions taken by care providers including Atria, Kindred and Brookdale, all residence, patients and personnel remain secure through evacuations, flooding, hurricanes and wild fires. Emergency preparedness and evacuation for seniors and an acutely ill patients is logistically complex, complicated further by dangers and impediments based by on the ground caregivers and their family. In the face of extreme conditions, the level of heroics and personnel sacrifice by employees of our business markets was overwhelming and humbling. Successful disaster preparation, effect evacuations and secure sheltering in place, our examples of why we play such a high emphasis on doing business with financially strong, capable and caring business partners. I am happy to report that virtually all of our communities and facilities are back to normal and on behalf of all of us at Ventas, I'd like to thank those in the executive offices and on the front line who kept residence and patients safe. The natural disasters also highlight the value proposition and health wellness advantage of senior housing. That message seems to be resonating as demand and penetration rates nationally continue to rise and more individuals are choosing to live in community based senior housing. We are also hardened by other positive trends. In the third quarter, construction starts in senior housing fell to about half their level from two years ago at the cyclical peak. In fact this was the third consecutive quarter where starts improve significant from the same period two years ago. So as we work through the timing mismatch in certain market between deliveries and operator execution, we know there is a powerful upside in senior housing when the growth rate of the senior populations accelerate. Turning to strategic decisions, we want to give you early insight into two exciting opportunities we are actively working on. Our proposed venture with institutional investor and the creating of a new relationship with an experience and highly regarded senior housing management team. First, we intent to form a new joint venture with an institutional partner on a senior living portfolio we currently own continue over 70 communities. The portfolio is currently operated by Elmcroft Senior Living under a Master Lease with the Company. We are in detailed preliminary discussions and look forward to partnering leading global capital source on a successful joint venture. The joint venture will continue diversifying our capital sources and could expand to provide a competitive advantage as the company continues to grow. Second, we formed a strategic Kai Hsiao and his long time colleagues on the creation of a new senior housing operator. With over 50 years of combined experience across senior housing, this management team has a demonstrated track record of success and value creation. To see the new company, we intend to transition operations of the Elmcroft portfolio to Kai and his team, whose company will be a valuable addition to our existing operator relationships. While we still have a lot of work to do to finalize these attractive potential transactions, we are well down the path and expect to complete them in early 2018. We believe the benefits to Ventas will include further diversification of capital sources, capital recycling for either get pay down or reinvestment, expansion of our relationships with X1 operators and the ability to capture this powerful upside from the portfolio overtime. Turning to our attractive office portfolio of university base life sciences and medical office buildings which now comprises 25% of our NOI. It is a fantastic example of Ventas value creation and our continued investment opportunities. Bob will discuss the good performance and outstanding metrics of our MOBs and I'll highlight the momentum and our exciting institutional life sciences vertical. Since our initial investment of $1.5 billion in September 2016, we have already expanded this business by over a third and our pipeline of attractive opportunities continues to grow. University based life science and innovation centers remained a number one capital allocation priority. Here is some key updates. Recently we welcomed anchor tenants and top tier research universities Duke and Brown to our Class-A Chesterfield and South Street Landing buildings. The Chesterfield is already 85% leased and South Street Landing is a 100%. It is really awesome to see buildings that began as tobacco factories and power plants experience world-class renovations that repurposed them for cutting hedge health, innovation and research uses. We are further building out our institutional life science business through development and acquisition with existing university relationships and newly created ones. Recently we committed $60 million to develop a research and innovation center. It is 80% preleased to Brown University, Johnson & Johnson Cambridge Innovation Center. The project recently broke ground on the development site we own near South Street Landing. We expect this market to continue gaining traction as a medical research and innovation hub, speared by increasing interest from universities, academic medical centers, entrepreneurs and major companies. In addition to growth with our existing university base, we are also expanding to other university campuses in our life science business. We expect to acquire another cash flowing Class-A life science and innovation center affiliated with a AA rated university that is a top recipient of NIH funding and a recent awardee of a Gates Foundation grant to support its ground breaking work. This property is 82% occupied and we expect occupancy and NOI to further increase. As I discussed in our last few calls, healthcare and senior housing assets are highly covered by investors of all types including REITs, pension funds, private equity firms, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional capital. Global demand for cash flowing real estate with strong forward demographic demand continues unabated. As a result there is strong bid across the board for assets in our verticals making them more valuable than they have ever been. The low cap rates paid in several recent MOB transactions is a strong point. Within that environment, we are happy to note that we've already invested $1.4 billion this year at unlevered going in cash yields in the mid-sevens. And our investment pipeline is robust not only in life science but across other asset classes. Consistent with our recent approach, we are carefully picking our spot and allocation capital where we have a strategic objective, a competitive advantage or a customer relationship. We also continue to invest in our future growth by funding selective ground up developments and redevelopment projects at attractive risk adjusted returns. I'm also delighted to report on the significant stride we have made on environmental, social and governments matters where Ventas' leadership was recently recognized by two permanent organizations. We're included for the first time in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index ranking in the upper quartile of all North American real estate company across a broad spectrum of ESG metrics. And Ventas ranks first among three listed healthcare re-participants in the 2017 GRESB real estate ESG assessment. Turning to public policy, as I stated last quarter, Washington focus has moved squarely and almost exclusively to tax reform which could have significant consequences for public and private real estate companies. As an industry associated with 20% of the country's GDP, real estate has an important role to play in furthering sustainable economic growth, capital formation and job creation. At Ventas, we are focusing principally on pasture rates in the treatment of reaching their shareholders, potential limits on interest expense deductibility, state and local tax treatment, 1031 exchanges and reform or repeal. We are highly engaged in the policy debate and closely monitoring the tax legislation as it evolve. I believe that tax reform are simply tax cuts have a higher chance of passage than major healthcare reform did or does. While this specific outcomes of tax reform are too early to call, we are ready to optimize our opportunities as soon as the final framework emerges. And that brings to my final point. Ventas has successfully managed through different capital markets, healthcare, political and economic cycle successfully for nearly 20 years. That's because of our aligned skilled teams, whether with macro forces like the financial crisis, industry trends like changes reimbursement, investment opportunities in immerging areas like medical office, Canadian senior housing or university life science or specific cases like our Kindred 2013 and 2015 lease maturities. The Ventas team has consistently stayed ahead of the curve and driven superior outcomes for shareholders. And questionably our strong culture and excellent experience people create a winning competitive hedge and underpin our long term growth, reliability and performance. With that I am happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert Probst: Thanks Debby. Our high quality portfolio showed continued momentum in the third quarter with all segments contributing to a 2.1% overall growth rate versus prior year. With solid year-to-date performance, we are updating and improving our same-store growth outlooks for the year by 25 basis points at the midpoint. Let me unpack these results for the quarter. Starting with our triple-net business, which represents 38% of our NOI. The triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by an attractive 3.8% for the third quarter of 2017, driven primarily by in-place lease escalations. Cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple-net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2017, believe its available information, health study at 1.6 times sequentially. In our triple-net seniors housing portfolio, trailing 12 months, same-store EBIT arm coverage was steady at 1.3 times. With the majority of our NOI, clustered around the portfolio coverage average. We view seniors housing triple-net coverage of 1.2 to 1.4 times to be within normal market ranges through cycles. Our strong lease protections and diversification also provide additional security. As Debbie mentioned earlier, given our intention to enter into a joint venture for over 70 senior housing assets currently lease to Elmcroft, we are now excluding these assets from our triple-net coverage and same-store supplemental reporting in current and prior periods. In our post-acute business, IRF and LTAC coverage declined in the quarter by 10 basis points sequentially to 1.6 times, driven by rent increases, the continued impact of the LTAC reimbursement change and labor wage pressures. We expect to realize the benefits of patient criteria mitigation in our coverage ratio starting in the first half of 2018. Having now received the majority of the proceeds from the sales our Kindred SNFs, skilled nursing will soon represent just 1% of Vantas' NOI. SNF industry volume and mix headwinds continue to lower coverage in the segments. However, our remaining SNF portfolio has very healthy lease protections that provide additional security and rent reliability. Finally, Ardent delivered terrific performance in the first half of 2017 with volume, revenue and EBITDA improvements ranking among the top performers in the industry. At the asset level for the Ventas properties, rent coverage remained stable at three times in Q2. Ardent integration of the LHP Hospital is right on track and budgeted synergies are being realized. With encouraging year-to-date triple-net results, we are raising our full year 2017 triple-net same store NOI guidance by 25 basis points at the midpoint to now grow between 3% and 3.5%. Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio. We are pleased with our SHOP results in a third quarter, growing same store cash NOI by 0.6% versus prior year. Continued profit growth in the context of industry-wide challenges underscores the quality and resilience of our portfolio and the strength of our operators. Looking at the SHOP P&L, occupancy increased sequentially by 40 basis points to 88.7% in the third quarter. As expected, the Q3 year-over-year occupancy gap widened to 230 basis points versus the 200 basis point gap we saw in the second quarter, driven by the impact of continued new competition in select markets. Encouragingly, rate growth was solid in the quarter at nearly 4% which was ahead of our expectations. Rate increases and the high barrier-to-entry markets continue to trend southerly above our portfolio average, while rate in markets with new supply is also growing overall despite price competition. Our operators also did an excellent job of cost containment in the third quarter. Overall expense increases where health just 1.7% despite continued wage pressures. In addition to flexing labor with occupancy, our operators held non-labor costs essentially flat. Reduced performance incentives also benefited the quarter. At a market level, we continue to see momentum in high barrier-to-entry locations such as Los Angeles, Boston and Toronto which drove very strong top and bottom line results. Performance in Canada continues to grow from strength to strength, growing NOI approximately 10% in the quarter, the second consecutive quarter of double-digit gains. Partially offsetting the strength was performance in geographies affected by new competition most notably within secondary markets. While still at elevated levels, new openings in the third quarter were delayed relative to Nick projections. At the same time, new construction starts in our trade areas were flat in the third versus the second quarter. As a result of both of these factors, new construction as a percentage of inventory in our trade areas picked up by 20 basis points in the third quarter underscoring that the impact of new deliveries will carry forward into 2018. From a demand perspective, we were very pleased to once again see greater than 3% absorption gains in the third quarter, suggesting a continue trend of increased penetration rates for senior housing. The security of our residence during the hurricanes is yet another example of the value proposition of senior housing and the potential to raise the penetration rate among seniors above the current 11% level. For the full year 2017, we're updating and narrowing our SHOP portfolio same-store NOI guidance to now grow between a 0.5% and 1.5% versus the previous range of 0% to 2%. The new guidance midpoint implies a modest year-over-year NOI decline in the fourth quarter. That said, our SHOP operators are sharply focused and incentivized to positively close out the year. Rounding out the portfolio view is our highly valuable office reporting segment, representing 25% of Ventas' NOI and comprised of our university based life science portfolio and our high quality medical office business. To help bring the quality of our office portfolio to life for investors, we have expanded our disclosures on tentative versification and credit strengths in this quarter's supplemental reporting. Our life science operating portfolio continued to perform very well through the third quarter. Sequentially, total occupancy remained excellent at 97.5%. We have been really pleased with the reliability of our life science cash flows. In fact, 75% of our rent is derived from investment grade credits for companies with a billion plus in equity market capitalization. In our medical office business, same-store cash NOI in the third quarter increased by 1.5%. We delivered 91.8% occupancy through new leasing and tenant retention that exceeds 80% year-to-date. This retention rate underlines the strength of our diversified MOB portfolio. A few other quantitative examples include over 95% of our NOI is affiliated with leading health systems. Our portfolio is well diversified with our top five health systems representing less than 20% of our MOB base rents. And our tenant's credit profiles attractive with 75% of NOI affiliated with a health system that is rated single A or better. These attributes help drive third quarter revenue up over 2%. Expenses outpaced revenue growth in the quarter principally from lapping a real estate tax credit in the prior year third quarter. Adjusting for this item, expenses grew modestly below revenues. With solid year-to-date results on a valuable platform, we have raised the midpoint of our guidance by 25 basis points to a range of 1.5% to 2% for a same-store medical office assets in 2017. Before diving into our company's overall financial results, I note on the financial impact of hurricanes Harvey and Irma in the quarter. Total direct cost for Ventas resulting from the hurricanes including property damage and other costs approximated $10 million or $0.03 per share in the third quarter of 2017. These expenses reduced our income from continuing operations and NAREIT FFO in the quarter, but have been executed from the company's reported NOI and normalized FFO. So we have appropriate coverage. We have not recognized any insurance proceeds in the quarter or in our guidance, because the timing and amount are still uncertain. With that, let's review our overall Q3 financial results. We are pleased to report another quarter of earnings growth together with even more robust financial health. Third quarter 2017 income from continuing operations per share grew 5% to $0.44 compared to the third quarter of 2016. Normalized FFO per share in the third quarter grew 1% to $1.04 compared to the third quarter of 2016. Third quarter results were driven principally by accretive investment and improved property performance versus prior year, partially offset by the impact of dispositions in loan repayments. Ventas funded investments of over $80 million during and immediately after the quarter, notably including life science development spend for projects currently underway. We are excited to have received $570 million of the $700 million of value creating Kindred SNF sales at a 7% cash and 8% GAAP yield. Thereby reducing our SNF NOI exposure to nearly 1%. We have recognized gains exceeding $500 million on these sales. The accelerates SNF disposition timing represents a $0.04 reduction from the high end of our prior normalized 2017 FFO guidance range, and a $0.07 incremental reduction to FFO in 2018 relative to 2017 due to the sales and use of proceeds for debt reduction. We also increased our liquidity and flexibility to renew an innovative $400 million revolving structure facility to fund our exciting development pipeline anchored by our life science business. The result of this cumulative activity is a robust financial position at quarter end, including improvement in net debt-to-EBITDA to 5.7 times, lower total indebtedness to gross asset value of 39% and steady fixed charge coverage at an exceptional 4.6 times. Let me close out our prepared remarks with our updated 2017 guidance for the company. Specifically, total portfolio same-store cash NOI is anticipated to grow 2% to 2.5%, an increase of 25 basis points at the midpoint. We expect income from continuing operations to range from $63 to $74 and NAREIT FFO to range from $4.07 to $4.12 per fully-diluted share. Both modestly lower than previous guidance to principally to the $0.03 per share hurricane related expenses. Our normalized FFO per share is forecast to range from $4.13 to $4.16. The midpoint of our narrowed normalized FFO per share range remains unchanged from previous guidance because improved property performance offsets the accelerated completion of the Kindreds SNFs sales. Consistent with previous practice, we have not included any further material investments, dispositions, loan repayments or capital activity in our outlook. We assume approximately 359 million weighted average shares for the full year 2017. To close, we're pleased with the excellence we have delivered thus far in 2017. However, this track record of Ventas excellence extends over decades not just years and the team that has delivered it remains tight, collaborative and cohesive. And one of course is Debbie. We are particularly proud that Debbie was once again recognized by the Harvard Business Review as one of the best performing CEOs in the world. She is one of 23 CEOs named to the Harvard Business Review list before consecutive years and one of only two women on this year's list. Ventas's financial performance rank 32nd out of nearly 900 companies globally for over 18 years, that is truly excellent to stand. With that, I will ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning and thanks for the time. I was just hoping you could talk to on the idea side, the sustainability of the lower expense growth year-over-year and maybe if you could detail the software costs that you kind of added back and what that was for?
Robert Probst: Sure Juan. Bob here. We're really pleased to see the expense growth the 1.7%. We have given guidance early in the year and that's helps me true of about 4% I call it constant volume wage pressure and we continue to see that. So what obviously therefore happening is the operators doing a great job of managing down the other costs not labor costs together with flexing labor with occupancy and that's what's driving the benefits in the quarter. I believe a lot of those costs savings remain sustainable and particularly flexing labor with volume is to go back in time and look at historical occupancy levels, we still have plenty of cushion relative to where we were at lower. So there is still opportunity there and for those with scale which our operators have to continue to drive that to reduce and hold non-labor cost, so still room to run there. In terms of your second question on software implementation costs, that's a onetime cost with Sunrise and putting in the software for care and so we've adjusted that out as non-recurring.
Juan Sanabria: And what kind of software, it's like managing software, or if you could just talk about?
Robert Probst: It's for care compliance Juan, really to be able to when care is provided to a resident to be able to monitor and track that and ultimately bill for it, so.
Debra Cafaro: And do it more efficiently and more accurately in terms of the level of care and related pricing for that care.
Robert Probst: Right, so onetime software upgrade basically.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just switching gears to the across joint venture, could you just give us a sense of kind of how that portfolio is tracking in terms of rent coverage kind of current occupancy levels and kind of the potential valuation on that portfolio what it was generating and in NOI basis here how you thinking about the value from capital or price basis?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, so I'll be happy to take that. Good morning. So this is a good portfolio of over 70 private pay communities. It was in the heat map and is no longer in the one-one to one-two bucket. We think that it is a great portfolio and well positioned a large - the largest part of it of course is stable kind of reliable growing asset and then there's a portion that we think can drive some significant upside as I talked about this powerful upside potential and senior housing and we want to enjoy the benefits of that with for Ventas and also for with the joint venture partner.
Juan Sanabria: Do you think this vehicle could grow and maybe acquire some of the assets that may come loose from whatever is transpiring there?
Debra Cafaro: The joint venture?
Juan Sanabria: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think the joint venture obviously will be initially focused on this portfolio, but it is a competitive advantage as I pointed out if there were assets to acquire that that would be another source of capital should we wish to grow in that joint venture and if we thought the assets were appropriate to go in there. It's one of their diversified capital source should we wish to add asset. But we're focused right now on completing the first step of that process.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And do you own a stake in that new management team, the management operation?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we've been known to do that before. We have established a really significant strategic relationship with the new management company and we excited about being in business with them and it would be possible that we would have an ownership stake going forward, yes.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just want to ask you on just the Elmcroft mechanics a little bit, say the natural lease was expiring and you're basically just allowed to say to them they are pulling this contract completely from you, they don't have any recourse to maintain management if they wanted to or if it's something that you work out?
Debra Cafaro: We have a good relationship with Elmcroft. They have been good partners, we've known them for a long time. They originally where at Vencore many, many years ago and spun off as part of the original atria. So the relationships we have with them go a way back and we are working with them collaboratively to transition the portfolio and so that's how we are making it happen.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then just sticking with your triple-net portfolio for a moment, you're - I think in the past you said that the Brookdale facilities are kind of in line with the overall the coverage, is that still the case or they improving more or underperforming relative to the group as a whole?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, on a triple-net senior housing side, I say there's a lot of consistency there Bob mentioned and a lot of clustering including Brookdale around the segment average. So very consistent.
Smedes Rose: Okay, okay. And then Bob, just you mentioned that some construction I guess will continue into 2018 because of delays this year on the operating portfolio side. What are some of the other I guess puts and takes that you're hearing, I mean we always ask you this, is it anything on the financing side from banks for lending to senior housing and also just anything you're hearing from the operators on the labor cost into 2018 if that's kind of a building at all?
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, anecdotally we continue to hear it's more difficult to find difficult to find operators to get financing, to find good locations in terms of supply, Debbie quoted some of the steps in terms of starts relative to two years ago which are down nearly 50%. So both the anecdotes and the facts would suggest there's a positive trend there which we're pleased with. As we think about labor going into 2018, obviously a bit early to give guidance. I do think wage pressures will continue, labor pressures will continue into 2018 there. Therefore we're going to turn to price again. I'd emphasis how pleased we are on the rate side with 4% we saw me a year and again we're seeing that across the portfolio and that's really encouraging.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one thing on the construction side too with the hurricanes, there is going to be tremendous demand on construction, labor and materials and so on for the rebuilding that's going to be necessary in Texas and Florida. And that's an additional constraint on new development.
Smedes Rose: Okay. All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Smedes.
Operator: Your next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Yeah, yes, good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Tayo Okusanya: Good morning. Quick question under triple-net portfolio, I'm just trying to understand some of the moving parts because you do have a guidance increase for the same store NOI, the cash seems to NOI, but occupancy was down year-over-year in the quarter, coverage is still flattish, I mean its coverage expected to kind of go down going forward, I'm just trying, this seem to all the parties moving in different directions and I'm just really trying to understand how it all comes together?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Bob do you want to start with that?
Robert Probst: Sure. Let me differentiate between underlying asset performance and our triple-net same-store. Our triple-net same store has performed very well year-to-date and the race to 3 to 3.5 really reflects the fact that we've done three quarters of the year. And really see stability in that portfolio everything about the rental income. So that through guidance for us. In terms of trends in the underlying portfolio, I think the same the same store senior housing triple-net portfolio same headwind to the industry. And so we probably will see some pressure on that 1.3 times as we go forward here. But again we think got to within underlying norms within the industry.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That helps a bit. Debbie, could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about hospitals at this point in the cycle given all the healthcare reform, what you're bringing trying to kind of see from some of the public hospital systems?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I mean here is how we're thinking about it. First of all, we love a diversified portfolio and we think that that is the path to success a value preservation and value creation and we followed that issue now for a very long time. Within that, we've made some great investments in the hospital space, we've been extremely selective. It is performing very well in that series through the third quarter on our property performance and we will continue to look at selective opportunities both with them and in the market generally. So it is the same as always. We think it's a big potential opportunity but one where we are going be very selective and we've been very successful so far and we want to continue that track record.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it. Okay. And then lastly you talk a little bit of I just thought your international markets and how they're generally doing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean we have a beachhead investment in certainly in Canada, obviously that's doing exceptionally well and that was our first real international investment that we started back in 2007 and we cut that trend early and we have some investments in the U.K. that are performing very well also. We continued to look in the continental and in the U.K. and have done a lot of good work there and those markets can be attractive, but we will be very selective there as well.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Knott: Hey, everyone, question for you on SHOP. On the U.S. versus Canada just curious a couple things, is a degree of divergence surprise you at all this year and then would you expect that huge Canadian outperformance to continue in 2018?
Robert Probst: We've been really pleased Michael with Canada of course two consecutive quarters now of double-digit growth. And when you look within the occupancy nearly 95%, what course we have is a supply demand equilibrium in Canada, we have great assets in Canada very well operated. And in light of the high occupancy, we've been pushing price again. I think that's a big driver of this performance. So I hope it will be top obviously next year but the fundamentals are there. On the U.S. side, it's very much as we've portrayed I think if you go back to beginning of the year and the framework on guidance we laid out there that's where the year is really kind of very consistently so we really know the surprises so far.
Michael Knott: Okay. And then just to follow-up again on Brookdale and their disclosure last quarter they showed a triple-net lease coverage of one point zero two times on EBITDA and then we know H-City and Wall Tower [ph] 1.5 to 1.2, it sound like if we were to take your EBITDA I mean adjust downward EBITDA, you would suggest you're somewhere in the 1.1 range. Is that about right?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again we look at this if you look if you think it's relatively consistent with the rest of our senior housing triple-net as we talked about which has been stable at 1.3. We would say that - the reason we look at EBIT arm and again this is a subject on which we have tremendous experience with Kindred and others. When you look - we look at EBIT arm because when you look at operators and how they make decisions and what their incremental cost management is and or stated another way how much overhead they're truly able to get rid of if they shed asset. That number tends to be much closer to kind of 1%, 2%, 3% depending on the operator and the asset type. And so we think that EBIT arm is really a good place to look. And so it's pretty clear depending on how you look at management, see what the math is, but we are in that consistent kind of stable coverage area.
Michael Knott: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Nick Ullico with UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [indiscernible] here on with Nick and thanks for taking our questions. On supply you…
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. On supply, you touched on this in your prepared remarks in a little bit after but it looks like new supply in your top 20 markets rose to roughly 7% of stock. So could you give a little more color on what changed you during the quarter in your major markets because this is where you're seeing the best rate growth, how much of a threat is the new supply to for results if you're looking to drive results through that great growth.
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, two things as we think about construction that are important which is deliveries and new starts. And in the quarter, this quarter we did see delays in deliveries and that together with flattish new start is what drove the ratio up. And therefore again a step back, I think there's clearly a carry over to 2018. The underlying trends for the industry in terms of starts, we believe will part of our portfolio equally. Within that from a market point of view, one also had to look at demand of that supply growth and for our engine room markets as I described them, we consider this a very, very strong performance and that's LAs, Boston and the New York as I've highlighted. So though in certain areas there have been some new access coming online, again the engine room is strong and the rate is particularly strong in that. So we are feeling good about it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. I'll follow-up if I may. You talked about the recently announced JV, I know you just announced it today, so it's fresh. Could you possibly talk about how the JV is being valued and how is demonstrates the value of your portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned in the call, we are going to have to move on, we have a few many other colors that we have to take. But as I mentioned there is a strong bid across our asset type from all types of capital. And so as we move forward with this transaction, we'll be happy to provide additional valuation metrics. But again to repeat the sematic I would say that people are very interested in asset types because they are resilient, because they is demographic demand, because of the cash flows, and so valuations are strong as I said. Q - Thanks for color.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, thanks. Let's go to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, good morning. So Bob you mentioned negative SHOP for the fourth quarter in terms of the same-store growth, does that presume 9% plus growth in Canada again?
Robert Probst: Continued strength…
Debra Cafaro: Hi Rich.
Robert Probst: Yes, hi Rich.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning to you.
Richard Anderson: Thank you. Trying to talk first.
Robert Probst: I'll try to. The applied fourth quarter is really U.S. dynamic and really again it's down to the views of deliveries in pacing of new supply. I mean that midpoint really assumes. We have something more compression on the occupancy line. So we'll see but that's what driving that assumption.
Richard Anderson: Okay. And back to Brookdale, not to deliver, but I guess 2019 you start to, the expirations start to or happening, do you anticipate attacking that situation early, could we see a transaction in sort of addressing the expirations and maybe even next year or two put a trust?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you are right, we're more than two years away from that. And as you know we've gone to lease maturities time and time again here at Ventas. And I think that we are always open and active about working with all of our relationships to find positive outcomes for both sides.
Richard Anderson: Okay last question. Okay. That's good enough. And then last on the relationship with Kai, is it really him will maybe taking on many of the Elmcroft you know kind of people thereby reducing the disruption that might come from this type of transition?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you know Elmcroft is a good company and they have a lot of good people there. And the expectation is that as it's almost always the case in these transitions that virtually all the property people will be carried on and interrupted.
Richard Anderson: Okay, thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Rich.
Operator: You next question is from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Debby, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the investment pipeline is robust in life science and other asset classes, can you give us some color on the deals you are tracking outside of life science and what asset classes are more attractive right now?
John Cobb: And I think - This is John Cobb. We have seen robust pipeline in all poor verticals, we see it in the life science, the hospital sector, the senior housing sector and the medical officer. You know quarter-in quarter-out, we are seeing you know a good pipeline.
Michael Carroll: Okay, now these mostly comprised of any larger portfolios or smaller transactions or how should we think about the deal size?
John Cobb: I think - as you seen over the last three or four years, you seen us do smaller deals and the medium deals and we also see at big deals, so we look at them all.
Michael Carroll: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thank you and congratulations on the continued recognition.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, John.
John Kim: You discussed the breath in the investor market for healthcare real estate in general, but can you discuss the nature of the investor on the joint venture?
Debra Cafaro: That more to follow, I think that that's - what we are trying to do as investors have ask us to do is in some cases where we can give them some early insights into our activities and strategies and where we are doing that in this case provide some early transparency. Certainly happy to disclose more as the pieces come together.
John Kim: Okay and then given this portfolio, the Elmcroft portfolio has a low EBIT arm coverage, is it fair to assume that a cap rate would be higher than what you have been selling it recently and the rent maybe reduced?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again this is about portfolio existing performance in NOI and about potential performance. And as I mentioned there is a biggest part of this portfolio is nice stable growing cash flows and there is outsized performance portion of the two. So that obviously is attractive both to us, who wants to stay in the portfolio and get the benefit of that and also to a potential partner.
John Kim: Okay. And then finally, can you disclose what you revenue enhancing CapEx was either this quarter or year-to-date?
Debra Cafaro: And we'll look at that in respond and let's move on to the next caller and we'll get to that.
Operator: Your next question is from Karin Ford with MUFG Securities. Your line is open.
Karin Ford: Hi, good morning. With the Kindred sales winding down, what is the disposition pipeline looking like from here?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, well, you know currently we're expecting you know maybe another including the Kindred 100 or 150 in the near term.
Karin Ford: And are you thinking about being active on the self-side as you looking to 2018?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we continue to evaluate things. I think what's been really good about Ventas is we've had a balanced position over the last couple of years as we have both sort of elevated quality and mix of our portfolio with this SNF spin and dispositions. And we've also found attractive opportunities to grow as I talked about this year will a 1.4 billion and attractive risk adjusted return investment. So we like to again deliver strong cash flows and to take opportunities both to divest as well as to invest. And that's I think where we are right now Karin.
Karin Ford: Thanks. And just one quick clarification on the Elmcroft portfolio is, is that going to be converted from a triple-net lease to a sharp deal?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, as we stated it's going to be managed by the new company and importantly the reason for that is we want to enjoy the benefit of the potential outperformance in the future with our ultimate joint venture partner.
Karin Ford: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Thanks for squeezing me in.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, good morning.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. Go ahead.
Debra Cafaro: Bob is going to quickly answer the prior question.
Jordan Sadler: Go ahead,
Robert Probst: The question was the profit adding capital spend and it's 200 year-to-date. It's really split between life science and SHOP.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Jordan, now to you.
Jordan Sadler: Thanks Debby. So on Elmcroft, I think you had on the books $1 billion, what portion of that would you look to monetize, would it be a majority of that or minority?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I think your number we may need to talk to offline, they are little high. But the - we would expect to stay in for you know a significant piece for the reason stated.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then lastly on SHOP, the occupancy guide for the year was down 200 basis points I believe on average for the full year, can you give us a little bit of insight in terms of how we are tracking for the rest of the year, Bob?
Robert Probst: Sure. And I think the number is still pretty good, pretty good having, that's going to here there about the same.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, so well in the year down probably a little bit more from year based on what's baked into the last quarters worth the guidance?
Jordan Sadler: The range is either on the high end, assuming we'll have a bit of timing year-over-year and on the low end that we may gap out a little bit but I think that's going to be from where we were in the third quarter.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: The range kind of straddles that. Yep.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Jordan.
Operator: Your next question is from Chad Vanacore with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Chad Vanacore: Just about the - good morning. Thinking about the $10 million add back related in natural disasters, it seems relatively high especially in respect to Brookdale, which took a $9 million hit, they are the largest senior housing operator out there, so why such a relatively large impact you are SHOP, and how many properties were impacted and is the $10 million all on the expense side?
Robert Probst: Yeah, so let me break that down a little bit for you. The 10 million is really split call it 50-50 between property damage and other direct costs the other half associated with things like evacuation, meals, lodging et cetera. We have not to emphasis assumed any - yet any insurance proceeds reimbursements. We have insurance obviously to covers those types of events. We have recognized you got the light of the uncertainty of timing and amount. So that's a gross number. It is flowing through the other expense line of the P&L, so it's below NOI. And as I highlighted in the prepared remarks, therefore it's still continuing including in but excluding from NOI and normalized FFO.
Debra Cafaro: The other thing I would mention to is that I am sure how Brookdale did it but to the extent that there are manager for others I would guess that there is any expenses incurred there would be to the property owners then not Brookdale.
Chad Vanacore: Alright, thanks. And then just one more, could you layout the strategic rationale behind moving in JV agreements in comparative right there or say triple-net?
Debra Cafaro: Could you rephrase the question?
Chad Vanacore: Yeah, so you are going to starting in few JV agreements, why the JV agreements versus where you would normally do either triple-net?
Debra Cafaro: I am not sure I understand the question. What I will tell you is that we own assets 100%, we own them in joint ventures now, we have assets that are leased, assets that are managed, that's part of you know a diversification strategy. And what we try to do all the time is to customize a structure with the appropriate you know asset type and where is it in the life cycle and so on and so forth. So we think the benefits of what we are intending to do really are diversification of capital sourcing, having another tool for growth, aligning with a new really high quality manager. And we are excited about all that.
Chad Vanacore: Okay. I'll follow-on with you on offline, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, thank you.
Robert Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good morning. Just one from me.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi, good morning. Just kind of an extension of next question earlier but looking at the SHOP portfolio and on a construction within the trade area, that's about 7% of inventory your top 20 markets, what is the number look like when you include non-stabilized inventory?
Robert Probst: We don't differentiate in that analysis, so stabilized versus non-stabilized, nor do we in same-store at close in. I think the thing that's important to continue to look at when you look at the construction pages, the demand side of the equation then harking back to our framework where we have on average 3% demand as our equilibrium point. And so many of these markets where there is new construction coming online, there is high demand as well.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, fair enough, I'll follow-up offline. Thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: Alright, we look forward for it. Thank you. Okay, we got a couple more.
Operator: Your next question is from Daniel Bernstein with Capital One. Your line is open.
Daniel Bernstein: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Dan.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. One quick question on SHOP, and the secondary market is really what's in hurting your NOI growth there, it seems like looks like construction supply came down in the secondary markets, can you talk a little bit about the fundamental there and what you see coming in the next say 12 months in secondary markets?
Robert Probst: Sure. The secondary markets is where we did see the blunt of new competition and I'd highlight markets like Salt Lake city for example flow into that secondary market segmentation. And it is - when we looked our portfolio and segmented it to say where do we have equilibrium versus a surplus. Many of those markets where we have surplus are in the secondary markets, so that's where we are seeing the impact and you can see quite clearly in the quarter.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And do you see fundamentals there might be improving at all or is that stable?
Robert Probst: I think the supply dynamics I mentioned in terms of new deliveries will carry into 2018 no double in some of these same markets.
Debra Cafaro: And then starts as they reduce obviously effect the forward environment. So that's where you talk about this powerful upside when you have - you are where you are in the occupancy cycle, you have starts ticking down then you have the acceleration of the seniors growth in population and that's where you get this powerful upside I discussed.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And uncrossed assets are mainly in secondary markets?
Debra Cafaro: The uncrossed assets are very good real estate and interestingly have very, very limited new supply in the market.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay, that's good to know. I'll hope off, I know it's been a long call.
Debra Cafaro: Yep, it is. So thank you, welcome back. Okay, let's finish it on.
Operator: Last question is from Sheila McGrath with Evercore. Your line is open.
Sheila McGrath: Good morning. Bob you mentioned that even in the supply challenge markets that rent with growth, I am just wondering it's most of the positive rental growth you think driven by the higher rent upon renewal and any insight you might have on how new lease rents compared to expire rents of recently vacated units?
Robert Probst: That's a great question and shame it's the last one of the day, it's really interesting. And we are seeing the rent growth, the growth as I mentioned in some of those markets they have new supply. And that is a combination of what I call the releasing but also it is base rent increases. And what is very important and our operators do a very good job is understanding how that releasing spread is trending overtime. And I think in our portfolio generally we feel pretty good about that releasing spread being within norms that are acceptable. So the rate side of the equation is really held us.
Sheila McGrath: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Are there any other further questions? Okay, well I want to thank everyone sincerely for your attention today and for your interest in Ventas. I continue to believe we're in a great industry that has tremendous potential even a high quality diverse and resilient portfolio that generate strong cash flow. We continue to see attractive investment opportunities and have access to diversified sources of capital to fund them. And we are super lucky to have a cohesive team at Ventas, who can capitalize on all those things to deliver long term security of performance for you. So thank you again. Look forward to seeing everyone soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Probst - Chief Financial Officer John Cobb - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Smedes Rose - Citi Nick Yulico - UBS Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI John Kim - BMO Capital  Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Seth Canetto - Stifel Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ventas Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference Mr. Ryan Shannon, from Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Terence. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.  The projections, predictions, and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas second quarter earnings call. I'm delighted to be joined this morning by my Ventas colleagues. We’ve continued our momentum this quarter by delivering really good results, growing cash flows, and executing on our strategic objectives. I’ll touch on performance briefly, and focus on our continued capital allocation strategy, our leading operators, our formula for value creation, macro trends, and our great people. Following Bob’s review of our financial results, we’ll be happy to take your questions.  The second quarter continued our pattern of strength as we delivered growth and our normalized FFO to $1.6 per share, driven principally by property and NOI growth from our high quality diverse portfolio and excellent investments. We are delighted to reaffirm our full-year guidance of $4.12 to $4.18 per share, compared to $4.13 in 2016. This expected growth in normalized FFO per share at the midpoint of our range is notable because we are simultaneously completing $1 billion of dispositions to improve our portfolio, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, and we are investing in future growth through selective development and redevelopment. As an enterprise Ventas is and always has been focused on delivering consistent reliable cash flow and dividends from a high quality diverse portfolio on a strong balance sheet. And we are proud that we are continuing to do exactly that. After a terrific start to the year, we continue to make significant progress on our capital allocation priorities. Here are some examples. To invest in our future growth, we committed to four Class A senior housing developments or major redevelopments in terrific locations with our leading operating partners Atria and Sunrise. These are mutually beneficial arrangements with long-standing operating partners and in the case of Sunrise, the development flow directly from the revised agreements we reached with Sunrise last year. We also allocated capital to help other customers grow during the quarter, including a modest expansion of our senior housing footprint in the U.K. A major piece of our capital allocation strategy, which of course includes decisions about where to grow and where to shrink, has been to reduce our investment and skilled nursing facilities or SNF and Medicaid programs.  Here too, we have made demonstrable progress. Kindred recently announced they had signed a deal to exit its entire skilled nursing business. As part of that transaction, we expect to sell our 36 SNF for $700 million, at a very attractive 7% cap rate on cash rents. With the sale, SNF will represent only 1% of our NOI, and our private pay revenues as an enterprise will rise to 94%. Our top capital allocation priority for reasons described more fully in a moment is expansion of our institutional university-based life science business, which now accounts for 6% of our NOI. In Q2 alone, we have opened two brand new assets, South Street lending and Chesterfield, where we expect Brown University and Duke University respectively to take occupancy by year-end. And we’ve broken ground on two new ground-up developments; one in new city adjacent to Penn Medical in Philadelphia and another affiliated with WashU in Saint Louis. Our pipeline of additional development and acquisition opportunities remains robust as our leading platform Wexford continues to use its sterling reputation and experience to assist top tier universities in developing attractive research, medical, and technology hubs.  Turning to my second topic, our leading platforms, we are pleased to highlight that Ardent Healthcare Services continues to outperform and deliver excellent results through the second quarter. With its successful integration of its strategic acquisition of LHP, with its outstanding and experienced management team, and the pipeline of acquisition opportunities, Ardent has validated our $2 billion plus vote of confidence in the company. Ardent now generates $3 billion in annual revenues, employs 18,000 individual, and serves patients in six states. We’re also proud to say that seven Ardent hospitals were recently named by modern healthcare in its prestigious 150 best places to work with, wonderful recognition for Ardent’s team, especially when you consider that Ardent operates 20 hospitals within a Universe of over 5,000 hospitals nationwide. We continue to work with our partners Ardent and Sam Zell's EGI on further growth as we consider opportunities to acquire other high-quality healthcare assets and fold them into the scalable Ardent platform. Let’s know turn our attention to Ventas’ demonstrated formula for value creation. As I mentioned on our last call, our diverse high-quality assets have never been more valuable, and we continue to see all-time high pricing across asset types in the market. I’d like to highlight two cases in point. Our medical office buildings and our Life Sciences assets that are at different stages of value creation. Our MOB business now generates nearly $400 million, and net operating income annually comprises 20 million square feet and represents 19% of our NOI. It is 95% on-campus or affiliated with 84% of our NOI derived from buildings with investment-grade tenants and HCA. Occupancy is a robust 92%. We allocated capital to our MOB business early in the valuation cycle. The 4 MOB’s became one of the hottest asset classes, prized for its steady reliable cash flows, and increased utilization from baby boomers turning 65. Our unleveraged yield on our MOB portfolio is an incredible 7.5%, inclusive of all of our post acquisition CapEx. Given the recent benchmarks for MOB transactions in the mid-to-high 4s, our investment has created literally billions of dollars of value for our shareholders. We expect our University life science business to follow a similar pattern of investment and value creation.  In fact the recent mid-to-high 4s yield on MOB sales represents a great comp for these assets, given their significant similarity. Like MOB, like science assets are fueled by an ageing population dealing with illness and chronic condition. The buildings are anchored by highly rated large institutions and those institutions are the engines of economic growth in their communities and magnet for other tenants. Our university-based life science portfolio of 25 operating assets stacks up favorably from an analytic standpoint to recently traded MOB portfolios. Our 25 assets are better occupied at over 97%, newer with longer lease terms and a higher proportion of credit tenants. Yet in our university-based life science business we are still investing at 6% to 9% unlevered stabilized yield providing excellent risk adjusted returns. Our thesis is that this attractive portfolio should ultimately be valued at cap rates comparable to high-quality MOB's. That’s why we are so excited about the opportunities and are committed to dedicated dedicating significant capital with Wexford to build out this attractive value creating business. Turning to the macro front political and policy uncertainty continues to weigh on healthcare, taxation, regulation and trade. Washington has been wildly unpredictable, although last night or I should say, this morning's - early-morning vote should restore some stability to the healthcare environment as the majority leader of the Senate concluded that it is “time to move on" from the efforts to repeal some or all of the Affordable Care Act. Now the real estate community can buckle up for the tax reform rollercoaster ride as major changes to the tax code are proposed, many of which would have significant consequences for all public and private real estate companies. Yet the debt and equity capital markets remain remarkably favorable. Therefore our view is that we should in all events remain financially strong and liquid, maintain diversification and balance in our portfolio continue to drive cash flow and efficiency in our enterprise allocate capital wisely, staying nimble, and opportunistic, and continue to elevate the mix and quality of our portfolio. We want the Ventas team to work together to deliver superior long-term performance and reliable enterprise growth in income on a strong balance sheet to our holders. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I do want to touch on the extraordinary and cohesive Ventas team and the planned change we announced this morning. Todd Lillibridge will transition to a senior advisor role at the company in early 2018. We intend to commence a search for a new leader of the MOB business promptly and expect to complete the transition in the first quarter of 2018. Todd is committed to leading the Lillibridge MOB business until his successor joins us, when we expect him to undertake a variety of responsibilities and initiatives for the company. As you all know, Todd is a great partner. He also happens to be a visionary. He has founded his namesake firm over 25 years ago with the goal of providing comprehensive real estate solutions to high-quality health systems. Todd pioneered the idea of MOB's as a unique institutional real estate asset class. He created a strong enduring company, Lillibridge Healthcare Services that we were lucky to combine with in 2010. Since then, we have grown the MOB business together by an amazing seven times.  We look forward to continuing to work with Todd and his team to deliver strong MOB results and lead a smooth transition to a new MOB leader. Todd's commitment to our organization and his colleagues and clients is truly exemplary and gives you some insight into the special Ventas culture. That commitment extends throughout the Ventas team. We are aligned, consistent, and focused on the success of the company and our colleagues. Unquestionably the strong culture and our people create our winning competitive edge and underpin our long-term growth, reliability, and performance. In sum, I’m confident that we have the right portfolio mix, relationships, strategies and team to capitalize on our exciting position at the dynamic intersection of healthcare and real estate for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. With that, I’m happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debbie. In the second quarter, our overall portfolio of healthcare, senior housing, and office properties, grew same-store cash NOI by 1.5%. Let me detail our second quarter portfolio performance by segment before turning to overall financial results in 2017 guidance. I’ll begin with our triple net business, which accounts for 39% of our NOI. The triple net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by 2% for the second quarter of 2017, driven principally by strong in-place lease escalations. Adjusting for the impact of a roughly $3 million fee received in the prior year, same store triple net NOI growth in the second quarter 2017 was a strong 3.5%. Cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2017, the latest available information was 1.6 times a sequential decline of 10 basis points from the fourth quarter. This change in overall coverage was driven principally by IRF and LTAC coverage, which declined as expected by 10 basis points sequentially to 1.7 times driven by rent increases and the continued impact of the LTAC reimbursement change. As noted in its first quarter earnings call, Kindred continues to execute on its patient criteria mitigations strategy, and expects the net mitigated impact of criteria should begin to improve in the second half of 2017. As updated by Kindred as Ventas in June, we continue to expect the attractive $700 million sale of our Kindred SNFs will be completed by year-end 2017.  Given the pending sale, we are now excluding those assets from our coverage and same-store supplemental reporting in current and prior periods. As a result of the sale SNF will represent just 1% of Ventas’ NOI. In our triple net seniors housing portfolio, rent coverage remained at 1.3 times. Rent escalators for the trailing 12 months increased low single digits, outpacing asset level cash flows. Nonetheless, our triple net senior housing portfolio benefits from strong lease protections, operator and geographic diversification, as well as solid asset level cash flow coverage. Finally, Ardent’s strong performance continued in the first half of 2017 with volume, revenue and EBITDA growth ranking among the top performance in the industry in the first quarter.  At the asset level for the Ventas properties, rent coverage remains strong and stable at three times in Q1. The LHP integration is proceeding very well, synergies are on track and the team is motivated and performing at a high level. For the total triple net same-store portfolio in the full-year 2017, we continue to expect cash NOI will grow in the range of 2.5% to 3.5%, driven by in-place lease escalations. Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio, consistent with prior guidance assumptions, same-store cash NOI in the second quarter grew 0.4%. Unpacking the P&L further, second quarter same-store revenues increased nearly 2%, driven by attractive rate growth of over 4%. Rate growth was partially offset by 200 basis points of year-over-year occupancy decline. As discussed on our last call, the lower occupancy starting point entering Q2, due to a late and severe flu season together with the impact of new deliveries resulted in a widening of the occupancy gap in the quarter. Overall expenses were contained in the quarter increasing by 3%. Our operators continued to control non-labor costs and deflects labor versus occupancy.  At a market level, we continue to see very attractive growth in high barrier to entry markets such as California and Canada, which drove very strong top and bottom line growth. The performance in Canada was particularly exceptional, growing and NOI by nearly 12% in the quarter. Despite the strength in certain high barrier markets, elevated levels of new building openings in select markets constrained our portfolio growth. The second quarter saw the highest number of new units coming online in recent experience, with the overall deliveries of new units in our trade areas up 50% sequentially from Q1 of 2017. New openings were concentrated in high construction markets, including Dallas, Salt Lake City, Atlanta and Denver. Switching gears to a forward view, construction in progress as a percentage of inventory, within our trade areas improved by 20 basis points sequentially to 5.3% in the second quarter, encouragingly representing the third consecutive sequential improvement in this metric. For the full-year 2017, we are maintaining our shop portfolio same-store NOI guidance range of 0% to 2% growth. The guidance range is a function of the level and timing of new deliveries and operator execution in the back half of the year. The high-end of the range implies roughly 2% year-over-year NOI growth in the second half, driven by delayed new openings and the resulting occupancy gains. Conversely, the lower end of the shop guidance range implies approximately 2% NOI year-over-year declines in the second half, assuming accelerated new openings further widens the year-over-year occupancy gap. As a mild reminder, like last year NOI should be lower in dollar terms in the second half versus the first half of the year as a result of technical factors like the number of days in each period. So, shop performance seems to be playing out as we predicted when we initiated our 2017 guidance. Our shop operators are sharply focused and incentivized to manage our shop assets with excellence to ensure bottom line performance in 2017. A final note on senior housing. We are encouraged by strong demand reported by Nick in the top 99 markets where absorption reached almost 3% in the second quarter. This supports our view of the strong value proposition of seniors housing and with our premium real estate located in high quality markets, we are well positioned to take advantage of the coming demographic tailwinds. Rounding out the portfolio review is our office reporting segment, which is comprised of our university-based life science and innovation portfolio and our high-quality medical office business. Together, the office portfolio accounts for approximately a quarter of our NOI. Our life science operating portfolio continued to perform very well through the second quarter.  Sequentially, new leasing drove 90 basis points occupancy increase to an excellent 97.5%, while revenues and NOI increased almost 4%. In our highly valuable medical office business, same-store cash NOI in the second quarter increased by healthy 2.2%. Second quarter results benefited from approximately 2% revenue growth driven by low single digit rate increases together with year-over-year and sequential operation occupancy gains. Given the higher than normal level of lease rollovers in 2017, our team has done a terrific job in managing occupancy by driving new leasing and maintaining strong tenant retention that exceeds 80% year-to-date. Our full-year outlook continues to forecast same-store cash NOI growth of 1% to 2% for our same-store medical office assets. Turning to our overall company financial results and our outlook for the year. We delivered excellent results and enhanced financial strength in the second quarter. Second quarter 2017 income from continuing operations per share grew 5% to $0.42, compared to the second quarter of 2016. Normalized FFO per share in the second quarter grew 2% to $1.06, compared to the second quarter of 2016. Second quarter results were driven principally by accretive investments and improved property performance versus prior year. Ventas funded investments of $110 million in the quarter, including $53 million of acquisitions helping our operator partners grow in our seniors housing triple net portfolio, and $57 million of funding for our share of development and redevelopment projects currently underway. To fund investments, Ventas issued and sold 1.1 million shares of common stock under the ATM program for net proceeds of $74 million, and sold properties and received final repayments on loans receivable for proceeds of $45 million. During and following the quarter we also committed the future growth through new development and redevelopment projects and seniors housing in MOB's with total project costs of $188 million. We continued to drive enhanced financial strength through excellent capital raising. We tapped the attractive Canadian bond market in May and issued 275 million Canadian dollar five-year notes at 2.55% to refinance short-term low rate Canadian debt, thereby extending our debt maturities, while providing natural currency hedges. Meanwhile Ventas delivered attractive cash flow growth in the quarter with 5% growth in net cash provided by operating activities. Ventas also paid a quarterly dividend of $0.775 a share representing 6% year-over-year increase, as well as a well protected FFO payout ratio below 75%. The result of this cumulative activity is an even stronger financial position.  Net debt to EBITDA improved 10 basis points sequentially to 5.8 times, which we expect to further improve upon receipt of disposition proceeds by year end, fixed charge coverage remained best in class at 4.6 times, and secured debt to total indebtedness improved sequentially to 5%. Let me close out our prepared remarks with our reaffirmed full-year 2017 earnings and same-store guidance for the company, including the following. We continue to expect income from continuing operations to range from $1.72 to $1.78 per fully diluted share. Our normalized FFO per share forecast continues to range from $4.12 to $4.18. It is a Testament to the strength of our portfolio that even with all the expected portfolio changes asset sales leveraging the funding of developments and senior housing supply our normalized FFO grew year-over-year in Q2 and is expected to grow full year at the midpoint of our guidance range.  Total portfolio same-store cash NOI is anticipated to grow 1.5% to 2.5%, while segment level same-store growth expectations also remain unchanged. The $700 million Kindred SNF sale at an 8% GAAP yield is expected to occur in phases, beginning in the third quarter, and to be completed by year-end 2017. The high-end of our current FFO guidance range assumes the majority of proceeds received late in the fourth quarter of 2017. Earlier, larger dispositions coupled with the associated paydown of 2% LIBOR-based debt will reduce FFO by approximately $0.01 per share per month. Upon completion of the SNF sale, Ventas is expected to record a gain exceeding $600 million, which will increase the company's net income per diluted common share. Consistent with previous practice we do not include any further material investments, dispositions, loan repayments or capital activity in our outlook.  We assume approximately 359 million weighted average shares for the full-year 2017 with no new equity issuance contemplated. To close, we are pleased with our performance in the year and our progress on executing on our strategic priorities. With that, I will ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. Debbie, can you give us some color on the company's - are the company in which you guys are tracking in the acute care hospital space? And is a plan to mainly grow with Ardent or are you willing to make investments with different operators?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning Michael. I would say that we are involved in both undertakings. As you know, when we first invested with Ardent and with Sam Zell, we believed it was a scalable investment opportunity because of the high quality team there and the good platform. And that has played out exactly as we expected, and I would continue to expect that there will be opportunities with our partners to grow there.  And we also, in a very selective way could pursue opportunities with high quality health systems, so long as they share the kind of characteristics that we’re looking for, which I would describe as many HCA type characteristics, which are basically great market share, good payer mix, good branding, opportunity for margin improvement and so on. So, we’ve very consistent in that regard. It is a gigantic market and we’re focused on a very high quality slice event both with Ardent and separately.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then I guess, I'm not sure if we're done with the repeal replay, seems like everything comes back, I guess every week or so about something new that could be passed, but as we get more clarity on the new health care environment and what's the GOP may or may not do, do you believe that Ventas can be more aggressive deploying capital in this space?
Debra Cafaro: Well again, we are going to be consistent and very selective in the types of investments we will make in this trillion dollar highly fragmented sector. We’ve talked about Todd’s expertise over the years. We really are expert both in our management team and our board in identifying the kinds of opportunities we think fit with our strategy. It is helpful certainly that we may have more clarity given the Senate majority leader’s view that it's time to move on to, as I said tax reform and defense bills and so on, and so that’s helpful. But this is long-term secular thesis that we have that will play out over decades and so we’re going to continue to pursue that with consistency and strength and I believe we will be successful at it.
Michael Carroll: Great, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you on the SHOP assets for the U.S. portfolio and you sort of talked about some of the ranges for the outlook, so could you see that be negative for the year or do you think that will, are you guys expecting that to improve in the second half back into positive territory?
Bob Probst: Hi Smedes, thanks for the question. The range obviously of 0 to 2 for the year, which we reconfirmed today really recognizes that new deliveries are primary drivers of the performance and the balance of the year, difficult to predict clearly. So we think it is appropriate to have a range for the back half of the year, and we are pleased with our start, I think it is hard to say we are right where we expected to be, whether it be top or bottom line. With the balance of the year that range is really a function of those new deliveries. So, we will have to see how that plays out.
Smedes Rose: Well just on that front, are you seeing any changes or hearing about any changes in capital of the ability for construction and senior housing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: Anecdotally it is continuing to get more difficult, financing is getting more difficult finding good operators is getting more difficult. I mentioned that we said three now - periods in a row where the construction to inventory metric has improved, so that’s encouraging. So anecdotally and quantitatively I think we’ve seen some positive trends.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Smedes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Yulico from UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Hi, good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Nick.
Nick Yulico: Just a first question on kind of Lillibridge, I guess I was reading through the filing, first off it is not clear, it sounds like there might, there is not much of any G&A impact, may be you could just clarify that. 
Debra Cafaro : I think you’re right that it will be not much of a G&A impact that’s correct.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then is there, I guess the plan there, are you planning to keep the Lillibridge name and is there a no-compete for Todd?
Debra Cafaro : Well, we were very happy to acquire Todd’s business in 2010 and combine forces with him and we like his name, and so we're going to keep it, and he likes it too, so he will probably use it. Like all of our executives Todd has a 12-month no-compete from - after leaving the company and we hope he will stick around for a while doing lots of good things for us, after he transitions the MOB leadership role.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then, Debbie I just wanted to ask about acquisitions, if you look at your leverage, your balance sheet, it puts you in a good position to do a larger acquisition. So, I want to hear your thought about the investment opportunities out there, you mentioned asset pricing being strong across healthcare real estate, so does that restrict your acquisition opportunities?
Debra Cafaro: Well we are in a great spot. As you correctly point out, and I think we can compete and win in transactions where we are focused on winning. And that’s a great spot to be in. We have really picked our spots and been very clear about our capital allocation priorities over the last couple of years, and I think we have the ability to really execute on those. And so we feel really good about that.
Nick Yulico: Okay. I guess just going back to the pricing commentary, I mean did that relate to specific asset classes like medical office where pricing has gotten pretty aggressive and may be little bit more difficult to do acquisitions versus some of the other types of real estate you're looking at?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we like what we see in terms of value creation. The institutionalization and performance for example the MOB’s is now sort of a mid-to-high 4s cap rate. I think in seniors housing, we have grown with customers we have been selective and we're focused on some high quality redevelopment both in MOBs with our center project in down town San Francisco, and in senior housing with our new projects with Sunrise and Atria. And then we continue to build this Life Science business where we see great opportunities and selectively in the hospital and health systems business as we discussed. So, there is lots of opportunity for us to do that and when we see investment opportunities that really add to our strategic direction, add to our portfolio accomplish things and our high-quality, I think we can very well compete and win on those opportunities.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Thank you. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Bob Probst: Good morning.
Rich Anderson: So, on the Life Sciences kind of a priority growth platform for you right now, can you comment on the size of the university market for that and the competitive landscape and then as an anecdote to that, you mentioned you know you are buying in the 6 to 9 range, but you think it’s worth a four handle or maybe a low five, do you feel yourself in a competitive advantage in the sense that you may not be consensus among other investors in this space, and so you could be a little bit more aggressive to win deals, is that a fair way to think about it?
John Cobb: Yes this is John Cobb and I think, we think the size of the market is 4 billion to 5 billion or pretty big. We feel that with the Wexford brand and our brand. We have a great value proposition to the universities. Where we see the 6 to 9 is really on the development side. We think that when you, we can build to those yields, which is what we’re doing in new city and Penn and then WashU that once we build and fill them up to 95% occupancy we think that’s where we get the value creation.
Debra Cafaro: And what’s really interesting, just another stat on that is, the existing tenants that we have, these universities, Brown and Yale and Duke and UPenn just the existing portfolio, 25 assets, those universities account for 11% of all US R&D spending by universities. We think we can expand with those tenants and are working on that. Then there is another cohort that really accounts for the next kind of 30% of US University R&D spending, and that’s where we are targeting and we have ongoing discussions with Wexford with virtually all of that next cohort. So, that’s kind of the target market Rich.
Rich Anderson: Okay, so beyond - beyond the universities in terms of the buyer poll for this asset class, who are you competing with?
Debra Cafaro: We pretty much as John said, I mean I think we have a great opportunity with limited apples-to-apples competition because of Wexford's brand, relationships, and track record where the University see us and then our institutional nature partnered with them. So they see that, those completed projects, they see the brand names that have already had success with this. They see us with our institutional long-term hold, and I think we really have the market pretty much in an attractive spot for us to win a large percentage of these development yields and that’s why we’re excited about continuing the opportunity.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then last question you ought to talk about how healthcare could fill the void for e-commerce and retail establishments and of course we are saying that in many respects with some of the different levels of types of care that you can get in a retail environment, do you see - how do you see that evolving over the next five years or so? Do you think like, Macy's and Sears, these big blocks of space could somehow be occupied by some sort of healthcare component or are they just too big, so you really got to go smaller when you are looking at those types of assets?
Debra Cafaro: Good question. You know what I would say is, everybody wants to go where the demand is. And the demand is in healthcare and senior housing. And so it is a great spot to be in. I would say that there may be some successful at the margin opportunities for that type of conversion, but in general based on the sort of regulatory environment and new rules that are coming out for example that are pushing outpatient services that hospitals offer back toward the campus because of pricing changes. We think that the conversion of retail to medical would be a limited phenomenon over the next five years. And obviously the box size is relevant as well. But I really think the way hospital and health systems really provide outpatient services is being driven by the regulatory environment back closer to the hospital campus and that’s very important.
Rich Anderson: Interesting. Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Michael Knott: Hi everybody. Question just on skilled nursing, it is going to be down to 1%, and just curious if you're thinking about taking that all the way to zero, and with what timing?
Debra Cafaro: Well we’ve gone from 70% when I started to 1%, so we're pretty happy about that. We will continue to be opportunistic and smart as we have, I believe we’ve been in our capital allocation, which as I said includes disposition activities. Right now we don't have any plans in that regard, but we will continue to be patient and opportunistic and if we have opportunities to do anything in our portfolio in any of the asset classes, we will always look at that if we think it’s going to create value.
Michael Knott: And then on the hospital front, it sounded like you were saying it would be possibility for Ventas to further expand in that business outside of Ardent and EGI, did I hear that correctly?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and that’s consistent. I think what we have always said is, this is a huge market. It’s fragmented, there are a lot of high quality, highly rated health systems that we’ve been doing business with for 25 years. We think this scalable Ardent platform with the management team is a great place to do bolt-on acquisitions and we have shown that that has been occurring and we’re very pleased with the way that is playing out, and with Ardent's performance. But there also is an opportunity in this gigantic market to pursue other potential opportunities on a very highly selective basis. And that’s consistent with our thesis from the beginning.
Michael Knott: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Hi thanks, good morning. Debbie I was wondering if you or Bob could just maybe comment a little further on the occupancy decline in the SHOP portfolio, was there anything regionally that you noticed in that basis point, the 200 basis point drop?
John Cobb: Sure. I’ll take that Steve. The 200 basis points down is right in-line with what we talked about last quarter. We entered the quarter at lower point as you know from the flu, which was more severe and occurred later in the year then this is normal. And then we saw the new deliveries come online as I mentioned. The regions and the locations of that new supply of the same that we’ve been talking about for over a year and a half now, I highlighted Dallas, Salt Lake City, Denver, Atlanta is a few most notable, but the same markets that you read about when that report comes out are the ones that we’re seeing. It is contained to the same 30% of our SHOP portfolio that we’ve been talking about for some time. So, it is not new, but there was an increase in the amount of deliveries in those markets in the second quarter.
Steve Sakwa: Okay thanks. And then I guess secondly, may be Bob this is for you, but just in terms of equity issuance in using the ATM, how are you sort of thinking about that and you know obviously the balance sheet has gotten much better, but how are you sort of thinking about raising equity capital and is the sort of primary sort of financial determinants sort of earnings accretion or I assume any via the much less important factor when you are looking at issuing equity?
Bob Probst: Well coming back, we agree we feel very good about the balance sheet and the financial position we are in. Our net debt to EBITDA is a really good. Our fixed charge coverage is fabulous. Our liquidity is really strong, our cash flow is very strong, so we feel really good about our position and have multiple options. In the quarter itself we did make commitments to investments of about $110 million. We funded that in part with ATM that’s just one of the clubs in the back that we use as a relatively small amount, but efficient and it is one of the ways that we will fund new investments, but dispositions are another and we view that very considerably over the last year including $1 billion this year. So, multiple ways to finance ourselves.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. That's it from me.
Debra Cafaro: All right Steve, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital. Your line is open
John Kim: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
John Kim: Hi. If you look for a new leader for your MOB business, I am wondering how you envision this business changing, are you looking for someone with more of an acquisitive or a development background or different relationships going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that we have a bias towards a leader who will be results oriented, proven record of accomplishment, and a deep understanding of the healthcare industry. I don’t - if they have a nice head of hair and a great smile like Todd that would be an added bonus, but that’s generally the direction we’re looking. John’s team is really in-charge of all of our investments, including MOB investments, and so it will be great to have a partner who can assist in that regard, but the MOB leader is really running the business.
John Kim: Okay. And then earlier this week it was revealed that Amazon has a healthcare division, I know its early days still, but can you comment on how you think technology and data is going to change demand, and offer any of your assets classes?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean that is obviously - Amazon has been a disrupter in a number of areas. We believe, again why are people going to healthcare and they are going to healthcare because that is where there is incredible, inexorable, demographic demand and so everybody wants a piece of that. I do believe that technology will change and enhance the delivery at healthcare services as it has been doing for quite some time. And basically it hopefully will drive down cost of providing healthcare in the country. But we believe that we will continue to see increasing utilization of our assets from this demographic ways that has started and will continue to come.
John Kim: These technology changes, when do you think they will start to make an impact? Is that over next couple of years or is it really longer term?
Debra Cafaro: Certainly not in the near term and so over time, I mean again we want healthcare delivery in the United States to be enhanced and delivered efficiently and so our job is really to align ourselves with leading providers who are always going to be there delivering high quality healthcare services for this ageing demographic and that’s our business model and that is what we are really focused on.
John Kim: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Thanks. I wanted to just go back to your comments on life sciences being sort of a big area in focus in terms of capital allocation, would you similarly look to expand that business outside of may be University or outside of Wexford?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. Good question. Look, right now as I said, we’ve got this big task in front of us with great opportunities to allocate capital in a very value creating way and we are really focused there. I also said that we will continue to be nimble and opportunistic as we continue to grow cash flows and no reliable way. And so we will remain open to other opportunities. Our focus is on the investment opportunities with Wexford in the university-based business that are staring us right in the face with their very robust pipeline, and so that’s really what we’re focused on.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, that is helpful.
Debra Cafaro: Good.
Jordan Sadler: And I was going to toss my hat in the ring for the Todd Lillibridge see it like John Kim, but I don't have the good head or hair, so probably kept me out. So, but seriously congrats there on the stewardship of capital and in that investment, Todd’s leaving so brings the question to me, obviously you made a lot of money there, would you look to monetize a portion there or is that still an area of focus for investment?
Debra Cafaro: Well we have a great MOB business, I think its value is perhaps underappreciated by investors and that’s one reason we really wanted to highlight it. We’re happy that we invested at the early stage of value creation, and really built this business seven times from 2010, but we continue to look for opportunities to grow, but also to prune the portfolio as we think is appropriate, and so that’s where we stand.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, that’s fair. Hey Bob, can I just as you on the occupancy on the SHOP portfolio, you were down 200 basis points year-over-year, I know you affirmed the same-store expectation, but do you think that that gap could widen further into the back half of the year or does that seem unlikely at this point?
Bob Probst: Yes, we in the low end of the range what’s implied in that Jordan is that we could see a widening of that year-over-year gap, sequentially. Conversely at the high end, we could see an improvement and it’s really again a function of the timing and pacing of new deliveries, so that’s what dictates the range in the back half.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chad Vanacore from Stifel. Your line is open.
Seth Canetto: Hi, Good morning.
Bob Probst: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Seth Canetto: This is Seth Canetto on for Chad. My was first question on the SHOP portfolio centers around expenses, you know they are up sequentially, I think last quarter was a little artificially low based on number of days, but just focusing on expenses and giving your portfolio on high coastal markets, top MSAs are you guys seeing a slowdown and wage pressure at all?
Bob Probst: We started the year seeing 4% to 5% wage growth and that’s been pretty consistent in the first half of the year. In the quarter, we posted overall expense growth of 3%, so by definition the operators are doing a really good job of not only flexing that labor relative to occupancy, but also driving indirect costs down and are very much focused on that, but the 4% to 5% wage accounts in volume I would describe it, consistent volume wage growth has been pretty consistent.
Seth Canetto: Alright. And just on flexing labor, I mean if the year-over-year occupancy deteriorates further, which I guess is kind of depended on the deliveries online, but is the flexing something that they can keep doing as long as occupancy is declining to help offset that, is that how we should be thinking about that?
Bob Probst: Well there certainly is a point where fixed cost kicks in. I don't think we are there. I think there is certainly plenty of headroom, and again this is a very market-by-market centric conversation, but I think there is still continued room to be able to flat labor for sure.
Seth Canetto: All right and then just shifting gears to the LTAC business, you know coverage declined as expected, and I think it is safe to assume that it should stabilize towards the end of 2017 and into the beginning of 2018 when you guys report the numbers. So, I guess what gives you confidence that Kindred will be able to mitigate that business and then improve the coverage there?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. Kindred commented on the business in its first quarter call, and I think that you’ve got it exactly right about the pattern that in the early quarters you would expect unmitigated impact to be larger and then as Kendrick’s mitigation strategies take hold that impact will be lessened and improved considerably. I mean that will take place in the back half and then into 2018. I mean the bottom line is Kindred is the best LTAC operator ever. I mean this is their historic business, I think they are showing good opportunities to increase their compliant patient population, improve and take some site neutral patients, to control expenses, and to improve mix in terms of Medicare advantage and other favorable asset types because of course as you know, now you can have shorter lengths of stay with those patients and I think Kindred feels good about the fact that Medicare advantage and Managed Care payers believe that there’s a good value proposition that Kindred could provide on a shorter length of stay basis than the historical norm. So that’s what gives us confidence in Kindred's ability to operate this portfolio and manage through the patient criteria changes successfully.
Seth Canetto: Okay great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, good to talk.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi yes, good morning. Just a quick one from me, the same-store NOI, the occupancy for the SHOP portfolio, I know you kind of talked about it, kind of being dragged down a little bit by flu season and things like that, could you talk specifically about how you are expected to come back a little bit in the back half of the year, is it really just slowdown in delivery like, what else do you kind of expect to kind of go on to kind of close that gap?
John Cobb: You hit the key one, which is slowdown in deliveries and the ability for lease up and absorption to happen. And one of the things - I want to make sure everyone notice the fact that the demand growth is stronger absorption with 3% year-on-year as per the NIC data which is really encouraging, but obviously a lot of units in lease-up. So, we need to have some time for that absorption to happen. No seasonality typically, one would see a pickup in the back half, but it really comes down again to this question of pacing in new deliveries.
Tayo Okusanya: Got you. Okay, anything from, I know some other operators had like bans on admissions because of the flu and things like that, is all that kind of stuff coming off?
John Cobb: That’s really a first quarter phenomenon Tayo and we are back in the normal season I'd say. So nothing unusual like that that’s occurring now. It’s really about the summer season and gaining market share and operating with excellence in the context of supply demand.
Tayo Okusanya: That’s helpful. But another quick one on the MOB side, again it sounds like there are a couple more large portfolio transactions in the market that could kind of go at mid-4% cap rates, again just while that’s all great for NAV and how does one really kind of think about a world of buying MOB’s at, you know high-quality MOB’s at the mid-4%, like is that really sustainable longer term do you guys kind of expect some of that stuff to kind of turnaround, and in the near term you kind of wary of making acquisitions, like how do we kind of think about that well just kind of giving the typical 2% to 3% same-store NOI growth profile of MOB.
Debra Cafaro: Well great question, and I think that the way we think about it is, our value creation opportunity is generally to invest early in asset types where we think there will be cap rate compression, and/or cash flow growth and we evidence that the example, I would say in the MOB business and in senior housing, and we have been consistent at Ventas in our ability to see those trends, invest early, and create value for investors through cash flow growth in the assets and/or cap rate compression. So, what I would say is, we have this really great business with a diversified portfolio, and one of the ways that we’ve been able to deliver reliable growing cash flows over cycles for almost 20 years is this underappreciated ability to allocate capital around the wheel as I call it, where we can and have been able to consistently find good risk-adjusted return investments, so that if one asset class happens to be exceedingly valuable, we have lots of other places to go to find good investments that deliver good risk adjusted return and meet our investment criteria. And that has been, I think an underappreciated, but very important part of our long term success. And so that’s how we think about it. We have a great business. We have five verticals. We have a great investment team, and expertise and relationships and we will use those for the benefit of our shareholders to make progress.
Tayo Okusanya: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: All right. So with that I think we will end today's call. I’m just shocked and disappointed that no one congratulated me on winning the Stanley Cup, but it’s been a great summer so far. I’m really, really pleased with where Ventas is in our performance, and we hope everyone has a great summer and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you so much for your interest in the company and your attention this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman & CEO Bob Probst - CFO
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Nick Ullico - UBS Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Chad Vanacore - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ventas First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Mr. Shannon, you may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Taika. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our Website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas first quarter 2017 earnings call. I'm delighted to be joined this morning by my Ventas college as we review our positive results, discuss our fast start to the year executing on our strategic priorities and confirm our outlook for 2017. The Ventas advantage of superior properties, platforms and people has enabled us to deliver consistent growth in income and outstanding performance through multiple cycles for almost two decades. The first quarter continued our pattern of resiliency and performance as we delivered a $1.03 per share in normalized FFO, driven principally by excellent property NOI growth from our high quality diverse portfolio. Our year is also off to a great start in other key areas. As the premier capital provider to leading senior living and healthcare companies and university-based research institutions, we have been exceedingly active and productive during the two months since we last spoke with you. It has always been a hallmark of Ventas that we do what we say. So, I'd like to highlight a few of our significant year-to-date achievements that show how much we've accomplished towards the strategic priorities we established for the year. We've enhanced our balance sheet by increasing our liquidity through revolver capacity growth to $3 billion and an $800 million bond deal, we've linked into our debt maturities and substantially increased our liquidity. Liquidity will enable us to take advantage of opportunities and preserve value for stakeholders. We've already accomplished our investment guidance of completing over $1 billion of investments in high quality assets that provide superior risk-adjusted returns and build out our leading platforms. And our $700 million skilled nursing or SNF sale remains on track. Completion of the SNF disposition will further differentiate our excellent portfolio mix, provide proceeds to repay debt and generate a material profit. As you can see, we are allocating and recycling capital prudently as we use the proceeds of our late 2016 and early 2017 dispositions also completed at a significant gain to invest in new, high quality medical, life science and innovation projects, such as the South Street lending project associated with Brown University. South Street Lending is a 100% preleased, contain state-of-the-art medical teaching labs and simulation facilities and we expect it to be fully open later this year. We also continue to expand our investments into our future growth and a higher quality asset base through selective development and redevelopment. For example, we've committed to or begun significant expansions of our University based life science pipeline with projects affiliated with University of Pennsylvania and Washington University and we expect to fund an Atria ground-up senior housing development in the Greater Philadelphia MSA. Those investments also represent significant progress towards our goal of building out our best-in-class platforms. Already, we've expanded the Wexford business by 25% since we acquired it last year. We are also building out the Ardent platform but expanding Ardent's acquisition of LHP, transforming Ardent into a leading care provider, generating $3 billion in annual revenues and operating in six states. Ardent continues to perform very well. The acquired assets and enterprise have significant market share, strong margins, excellent payer mix, material synergy opportunities and outstanding relationships with not-for-profit and academic medical centers. The deal is excellent fit for Ardent's business and early integration efforts are going well. We've also expanded our relationships with an existing senior living customer, investing on this $200 million into triple net leased senior housing assets and we've engaged in mutually beneficial sale of asset transactions with other customers. As we continue to focus on driving cash flow and enterprise efficiency and effectiveness, we grew cash flow from operations this quarter by 21% and same property NOI by 3.9%. So, we have put some great numbers up on the board already this year. Our terrific team at Venta’s is energized by the momentum we have to accomplish even more as we look to the balance of the year. As a result of the continues progress we've made, Venta has created an industry-leading differentiated portfolio, highly diversified by asset type, business model and tenants. Among other things, our owned portfolio generates 93% of its revenue from private pay sources. Our shop portfolio represents approximately 29% of our net operating income. Our attractive life science and medical office building segment generates about 25% of our NOI. Our triple-net leases representing 41% of our NOI have virtually no lease explorations through the end of 2018. None of our tenants represents more than 10% of our NOI and we expect to generate only 1% of our NOI from skilled nursing assets by year end. As we look at the macro environment, we continue to see volatility and uncertainty in the markets, in public policy and in the geopolitical sphere. The U.S. and other Western democracies continue to grow albeit slowly as today’s GDP print shows. Although employment and inflation indicators have continued to trend positively. While the new administration is attempting to jumpstart the U.S. growth trajectory with its policies, it is unclear yet whether its proposals on taxes, regulations, trade or healthcare will do so, or whether there is sufficient support in Congress to pass the administration's agenda. In this environment, we continue to believe its most important for Ventas to remain financially strong and liquid, maintain diversification and balance in our portfolio, drive cash flow and efficiency in our enterprise, allocate capital wisely, continue to elevate the already outstanding quality of our portfolio, make selective investments in our future growth and keep our team together and focused on creating value for customers and shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Bob, there is one final point I’d like to highlight. Our diverse high-quality portfolio has never been more valuable than it is today. As equity capital flows and inquiries continue to accelerate across of our asset classes. These capital sources range from public firms, private equity, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds and other domestic and international players. This surface of equity capital is attracted by the resilience, demographics, demand profile and risk adjusted returns in our business. So, we remain excited and optimistic that the Ventas business is situated at this dynamic and increasingly valuable intersection of healthcare and real estate. I am confident that we have the right portfolio mix, strategies and tenure team to capitalize on our premier position and enjoy an enduring advantage in value creation. With that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debbie. I am pleased to report another strong quarter of cash flow performance from our high-quality portfolio of healthcare, senior housing and life science and innovation properties. Our overall portfolio had an excellent start to the year, with same store cash NOI growth of 3.9% in the first quarter.  Let me detail our first quarter segment performance before moving to overall financial results and our reaffirmed 2017 guidance, starting with our triple-net business, which accounts for 41% of our NOI. Our triple-net portfolio with same-store cash NOI by an outstanding 4.7% for the first quarter of 2017, driven principally by strong in-place lease escalations and rent reallocated to more productive assets from the Kindred lease modification agreement in Q2 of 2016. I would highlight that the benefit of the rent reallocation cycles out of beginning of the second quarter of this year. Cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple-net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2016 related to the overall information was consistent with the prior quarter at 1.7 times. Rent coverage in our triple-net same-store senior housing portfolio remained at 1.3 times, incorporating escalator growth for the drilling twelve months that exceeded 3%, while coverage remains stable, operator cash flows have recently been compressed by occupancy declines and labor expense growth. Nonetheless, our senior housing coverage benefits from operator, market and acuity level diversification as well as strong lease protections for Ventas. It is also important to note that triple-net senior housing portfolio overall has lower levels of construction as a percentage of inventory than the net industry averages. Within our post-acute portfolio, SNF cash flow coverage held at 1.7 times, despite continued operating pressure in the SNF segment. After completion of the expected Kindred SNF sale in the second half of 2017, SNF sale only represent 1% of Ventas' NOI and we’ll enjoy very strong rent coverage. Our final coverage in the fourth quarter declined by 10 basis points to 1.8 times. This change was in line with our expectations as rent escalated and Kindred completed its first full quarter under the new LTAC patient criteria. We are encouraged by Kindred's Q4 same-store volume and revenue growth amidst the revised criteria. As a reminder, Kindred expects the impact of this transition will peck in first half of 2017 after which the net mitigated impact of criteria should begin to ease. Finally, Ardent continued to drive outstanding performance through the first quarter of 2017 and stands out as a leading hospital platform, delivering sustained positive momentum and same-store adjusted admissions, revenue and EBITDA. Rent coverage of the assets was strong at three times in Q4. Fourth quarter 2016 results for Ardent compare favorably even with very best publicly treated hospital systems in the U.S. and early stages of the LHP integration are on track. With regard to Medicare reimbursement, CMS issued proposed rules for fiscal year 2018 in-patient hospitals, LTAC, IRF and SNFs. The in-patient hospital proposal included a net 2.9 payment increase, which was ahead of expectations. While the LTAC proposed rule was in line with expectations. The IRF and SNF proposed rules included a 1% payment increase. These proposals are subject to a common period before final rules are issued later this year. For 2017, we continue to expect our triple-net same-store cash NOI overall will grow in the range of 2.5% to 3.5% driven by in-place lease escalations. Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio. We had a positive start to the year in our SHOP business. Same-store cash NOI in the quarter grew 2.9% in line with our expectations. Unpacking the first quarter results further, same-store revenue increased nearly 2% driven by solid rate growth partially offset by lower occupancy. As expected, first quarter occupancy was pressured by typical seasonal patterns together with cumulative new unites coming online in a more significant flu seasons. A further note on the flu. This season was more severe and occurred later in the quarter in 2016. The flu impacts both move-outs and move-ins as communities are close to tours and new sales as a result of flu quarantine. Encouragingly, RevPAR increased by more than 4% overall when adjusted for one last day in the first quarter versus the 2016 leap year. This rate growth was driven by accelerated in-place phase rate increases and our high barrier to entry coastal markets as well as through increased pricing of care. Operating expenses in the quarter rose approximately 2% in line with revenue. Ongoing wage pressure in the 4% range was mitigated by effectively flexing labor versus occupancy while controlling nonlabor-related costs, a benefit of our senior housing scale with leading operators and efficient operating platforms. The results also benefited from reduced Sunrise management fees and performance incentives in the quarter. Turning to market level performance, we were pleased to see the momentum continue in our high barrier markets including New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco. These communities Q1 same-store NOI by mid-single-digits on very strong rate growth exceeding 5%. Canada also posted very strong performance, increasing NOI by nearly 7% in the first quarter. Elevated levels of new building openings in markets including Atlanta, Denver and Chicago continued in the first quarter, our NOI exposure in markets with a new supply surplus continues to represent 30% of our SHOP portfolio or less than 10% of Ventas' overall NOI. Our same-store NOI performance in these communities declined by mid-single digits as a result of the cumulative impact of new deliveries. Nonetheless, our portfolio in high barrier markets powered same-store NOI growth overall. New construction as a percentage of inventory within our trade areas when prior periods are revised for the NIC data improved by 10 basis points to 5.5%. At the same time, as is typical in the NIC data, delivery scheduled for Q1 were pushed to future quarters. We continue to actively manage our SHOP asset portfolio, transitioning assets to new operators and business models and renegotiating management agreements about a few of the clots in our bag we have recently used to maximize value. In terms of our full-year outlook we continue to have confidence in our SHOP portfolio same-store NOI guidance range of 0% to 2%. The implied modest NOI growth at the guidance midpoint for the balance of the year is driven by the wider occupancy gap entering the second quarter and anticipated new supply coming online through the balance of 2017. Despite near-term challenges, we remain encouraged by the resiliency of our high-quality senior housing operating portfolio, operated by the nation's leading care providers. The strength in our core markets reflects the continued long-term opportunity in senior housing. Let's round out the portfolio review with our office reporting segment, which is comprised of our University-based life science and innovation portfolio and our high-quality medical office business. Together the office portfolio accounts for approximately a quarter of our NOI. Our life science operating portfolio continued to perform well through the first quarter and is in line with underwriting. Sequentially, occupancy increased by 250 basis points to an outstanding 97%, driven by our attractive Wake Forest School of Medicine property that is 100% leased to Wake Forest University. Progress in capitalizing on the growth opportunity in this business has already exceeded our high expectations with more than $350 million in follow-on investments since acquisition in 2016. We now have four development projects underway totaling over 900,000 square feet and a rich pipeline of opportunity is still ahead. In our medical office business, same-store cash NOI in the first quarter increased by 3.7%. First quarter results were driven by in-place lease escalations and the benefit of lease termination fees. Adjusted for these fees the MLB business grew same-store cash NOI by 1.5% in line with expectations. The first quarter exhibit strong tenant retention exceeding 80%. As we noted in February, our lease rollovers this year are higher than normal levels and the team is actively working to maintain occupancy levels. In summary, our full-year outlook continues to forecast cash NOI growth of 1% to 2% for our same-store medical office assets. Turning to our overall company financial results and our outlook for the year. We delivered a strong start to the year with solid financial results, excellent capital allocation and an even stronger liquidity profile. Income from continuing operations per share for the first quarter 2017 grew 22% to $0.44 compared to the first quarter of 2016. First quarter normalized FFO totaled $1.03 per fully diluted share, a modest decline versus prior-year. First quarter results were driven principally by strong property performance offset by the impact of 2016 dispositions and a higher share count. We closed on over $1 billion in attractive new investments in the first quarter, including the expansion of our acute-care hospital platform through a $700 million loan investment to scale Ardent to the second largest for-profit private hospital system in the U.S. We also invested $130 million in high quality University-based life science buildings, which added an exciting new affiliation with Brown University. We're also on track with our continued portfolio optimization and capital recycling efforts. In the first quarter, Ventas principally sold senior housing properties and also received final repayment on loans receivable for proceeds of approximately $100 million with gains exceeding $40 million. Our efficient and effective operating model was on display in the quarter. Cash flow from operations increased by 21%, driven by cash earnings and we absorbed the life science acquisition without material incremental G&A cost of the company. We also moved as planned to a forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan as a result of investor feedback, with a modest non-cash transition cost excluded from FFO in the quarter and expected for the year. We made great strides in enhancing our liquidity and maturity profile. We raised $800 million of five and 10-year senior notes to extend our maturity profile debt. We also closed this week on a new revolving credit facility, increasing our immediately available borrowing capacity from $2 billion to $3 billion, extending our maturities through 2021 and improving our pricing and terms. Our long-term track record of growing cash flows on a strong balance sheet resulted in an impressive oversubscription from our banking partners and we sincerely appreciate our lender's strong support of the company. Our credit metrics in Q1 include best-in-class fixed charge coverage of 4.6 times debt-to-gross assets of 40% and secured debt to total indebtedness holding steady at 6%. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA rose modestly to 5.9 times, a temporary increase, which we expect will reverse when the disposition proceeds in our guidance are received in the second half of the year. Let me close out the prepared remarks with our reaffirmed full-year 2017 guidance for the company including the following. Income from continuing operations is expected to range from $1.72 to $1.78 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO per share is forecast to range from $4.12 to $4.18. Total portfolio same-store cash NOI is anticipated to grow 1.5% to 2.5% while segment level growth expectations also remain unchanged. Our guidance continues to assume that our capital recycling program will generate approximately $900 million in disposition proceeds of which $100 million has been closed to date. The outlook includes $700 million in proceeds at a gain exceeding $650 million through the expected sale of 36 skilled nursing facilities in the back half of the year. Investments included in guidance consist principally of the $1 billion of investments completed year to date. In addition, our total development and redevelopment funding is expected to approximate $350 million for the year, demonstrating the progress in allocating capital to these high return projects and scaling our life science and innovation business. Consistent with previous practice, we do not include any further material investments, dispositions or capital activity in our outlook. We assume approximately $358 million weighted average shares for the full year of 2017. We do not assume any new equity issuance in our guidance. To close we are pleased and excited by the strong start of the year and committed to continued excellent execution of our strategy and our priorities. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Smedes Rose from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. Good morning, it's Michael Bilerman here with Smedes. Debbie, I want to pick up on your final comment where you talked about inquiry from equity capital sources and also the fact that they’re interested in your space. Can you talk about how those discussions are going about whether you want to use that to liquefy some of your holdings or are you looking at this as co-invest for new investments?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Michael. Good morning and good morning Smedes. So, what I think is really important as I highlighted are these the incredible interest in the space from existing players, new entrants of all types and there are good reasons for that interest. So, the way we look at it is that every environment is going to give us an opportunity to create value and we view that interest as one more tool in our toolkit that could be used either to team up for growth and/or could be used to recycle capital or both. And it will depend on the individual situations and opportunities, but it’s a very positive development.
Michael Bilerman: I guess you close to doing anything either selling existing assets or using those capital partners to grow and advise how at the forefront this is for you?
Debra Cafaro: I would say it is a very knowledgeable, but nothing eminent.
Michael Bilerman: All right. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes thanks. Debbie can you give us a little bit more color on the Kindred SNF sales and what type of hurdles that are left to clear for both you and Kindred in order to complete those sales?
Debra Cafaro: Sure. Good morning. Let me recap the transaction for you and this is a very mutually beneficial transaction for Ventas and Kindred and the two companies work very well together to enable Kindred to achieve its strategic objective of exiting the SNF business. So, the way it works from our side is Kindred will either purchase from us in connection with third party sales or otherwise, 36 SNFs for $700 million or as an alternative if that does not occur, they would renew those 36 SNFs out through 2025. At the present time, we expect Kindred to we believe transaction is on track to sell those assets as Kindred has stated publicly and that’s our current expectation, but either way, we’re in a good position as we look forward on those 36 SNFs.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then I guess last question, looking at your LTAC coverage ratios, and correct me if I'm wrong, I believe that you previously indicated that coverage could drop 30 basis points with the patient criteria rolling out. So, is it safe to assume that coverage should stabilize at this level and maybe improve over time?
Debra Cafaro: Well as Bob pointed out, the LTAC just started going through their patient criteria and the trough of that we expect to see really through mid-2017 and then would presumably start to improve through the back half and into '18 and remember we report on the trailing 12 basis. So, we’ll be well into '18 I think before you see the impact of the coverage improvement of those sequential quarters should expect to see an improvement in the net mitigated impact of criteria towards the back half of '17, subject of course to seasonality as we see in that business.
Michael Carroll : Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Juan Sanabria: Just a question on following up on the Kindred question, do you see any risk from I guess the lower than expected CMS initial rate increases as for their first set of guidance on that rate increases for 2018 and the changes in the reimbursement for the higher therapy, do you see that as a risk at all for the dispositions?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I see we’re up late last night reading the CMS website. So, good for you. As you correctly point out, the market basket came out for fiscal year 2018 for the SNF last. It’s a 1% increase, which is in line with what we expected from several years ago that was what was cancelled in a couple years ago. In terms of proposed rule to change some of the reimbursement for 2019, which is what I think you're talking about, I would say that this has been on our radar screen for quite a long time as we looked at the higher therapy utilization and so this is at some point an expected change from us. I think the important point is that it is intended to be revenue neutral. There is a long way from here to a final rule and I think it's really just something that for us will be not overly relevant as SNFs will be 1% of our business. But I do see that this is where CMS and OIG and the other regulatory authorities have targeted which is to adjust that and shift the way they pay the SNFs away from some of the ultra-high therapy categories and really into the nursing and Tier component of the business.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you. And then the second question on the RIDEA business, solid start to the year particularly on the expense controls as flagged but what should we think of in terms of occupancy and especially expense control for the balance of the year and your ability to recapture lost occupancy from the flu?
Bob Probst: Juan its Bob here. And I agree a positive start to the year, 2.9% quite happy with that. And within that in particular the rate growth we see on an adjusted basis for the day year-over-year over four that was really important sign for us for the quarter and for the year. So that’s really encouraging. The occupancy change certainly impacted by the flu and new supply coming online, in line with what we had told you back in February, I think I mentioned we were probably the 200 basis points down range. I think that’s probably a good place to pencil in for the balance of the year. We are starting from a lower point as we enter in the second quarter. We will follow seasonal patterns obviously, but we expect there is still to be a gap and that’s principally with new construction coming online. The important thing you highlight to is not only prices, its expenses. Nice to see expenses in line with revenue and driven in part by controlling your cost, flexing labor versus occupancy to make sure you protect your margin and we saw that in the first quarter. So that’s an important part of the balance of the year.
Juan Sanabria: So, you expect that to continue that lower expense growth.
Bob Probst: Well you have the wage pressure we've talked at length outlines about that continues to be part of the equation for sure. We've said 4% to 5% for the year, we saw about 4% in the quarter. So, it's really our job to make sure we are mitigating that’s to these other means flexing labor, driving the indirect costs to hold that in line with revenue. So that’s the job to be done. 
Juan Sanabria: Thank you. 
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Ullico with UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Ullico: Thanks, hi everyone. Turning back to the same-store expense question, Bob the 1.9% in quarter, if I look here that was the lowest level you've had since the end of 2014 and you've been running 3%, 4% since then. So, I was hoping you could unpack this a little more and explain, I know you talked about flexing labor, but it's still a little bit hard to understand how the expense growth could have been so low in the quarter?
Bob Probst: Well, thanks for asking, I think an important thing to highlight in this extra day last year versus this year. That clearly has an impact both on expenses and on revenue. Depending on how you bill, there is a revenue in fact in some cases for us, we have operators that bill by the day. And when I talked about the RevPAR adjusted about 4% it's recognizing that fact, but obviously for expenses that has an impact across the portfolio. And so that is one of the items you need to lay as you look at 1.9% year-on-year, or even sequentially, you have to factor in the day's impacts. So, there is an unusual item there I would highlight.
Nick Ullico: Okay. That’s helpful. And then one clean-up accounting question here, you had $2 million of merger deal cost on your income statement, I thought acquisition cost are generally not being expensed any more, can you just explain what are that related to?
Bob Probst: Good catch. We'll continue to have you'll see in our full year outlook money in that line item. Things like net deal costs will run through there. So not every deal happens. Clearly, because of the new roles you’ll see some capitalize will successful deals, but what you basically see running through there are run rate costs on deal that don’t happened.
Nick Ullico: Okay. That’s helpful. And just last question Debbie, for you on medical office, from talking to brokers, it sounds like cap rates have come down sort of around 5% for some of the highest quality medical office product year-to-date. So, I’m wondering whether you can still expand your MOB business through acquisitions giving where pricing is today? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Nick. I would say that we're very happy to have a large and attractive medical office building business and believe we created a lot of value in terms of that time that we acquired the business and how we scaled at probably seven times since we got together with Todd and his team back in 2010. And I am excited about the continuing compression in cap rate that ties exactly to what I was talking in terms of the institutional interest in our asset classes MOBs being a prominent one and people really, really love the assets. They're core-like qualities with still exactly about core return and that’s why I’m excited about where the valuation is.
Nick Ullico: Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning, everyone. Just a couple for me. First of all, cograts on the quarter. I thought things look pretty good.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Tayo Okusanya: The line of credit and the expansion on it, is that, are you guys signaling your expecting to be more involved in transaction going forward like is that expansion signaling anything to us?
Debra Cafaro: It is a direct result of what we outlined as our strategic priorities. I think that in this environment that we have, we believe that liquidity in an important competitive advantage, and as I said it is offensive and defensive. It enables you to take advantage of opportunities through financial strengths and it also protect shareholder's capital and those are both core values obviously. And so, we intend to maintain a strong balance sheet, but we are always active on acquisitions and having greater liquidity we think is our top strategic priority for the year and we’ve already done a great job expanding the revolver by 50% or $1 billion, so we’re very happy with that.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That’s helpful. Then secondly, going back to the proposed changes to the SNF case mix, and again understanding that you guys elaborate a little SNF exposure going forward, but you take a look this…
Debra Cafaro: Could you please say that again?
Tayo Okusanya: You have very little SNF exposure going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Anywhere I am sorry. Go ahead Tayo.
Tayo Okusanya: No worry that way you're coming from. I guess what I am trying to understand with that is that again the theory here is that although the overall dollars may not change, when you take look at the reallocation that CMS is proposing, it seems to have some real impact for SNFs that historically have been very heavy in regards to utilizing the high therapy rug categories. And that seems to be like a general complaint regulators have had again quite of few of the large public SNF operators. So, I guess my question is would you expect some all those large SNF operators, if this thing is going to go through to be heavily negatively impacted even though overall dollar still remain to be roughly the same.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. A couple things, one is as you mentioned, this has been on the radar screen. I think people have been reviewing, these ultra-high therapy utilization minutes as you point out and this is a consequence of that. And so very much a continuation of the trends that we have expected and seen in this business. I would tell you that there is an estimate and this would in fact for the public operators result in a modest diminution of EBITDAR, but the real issue is that the good operators in healthcare businesses are constantly working through these changes in reimbursement. Typically, they're telegraph very early on. There is a lot of industry comment and there is a transition period. And so, I think you have to look at potential behavioral changes, which the rules want to incentivize and generally you’ll probably see less utilization of those therapies and those high categories, but the good operators will be able to hopefully manage through that in a relatively a neutral way.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. Then lastly on the LTAC side, please indulge me, I do understand that the increase of the 1% mandate increase, but based on other changes that they're making, CMS is actually forecasting overall LTAC payments come down about 3.75%. Again, when you kind of take a look at that and understand what Kindred is doing, what you generally expect the impact of that to be to the LTAC industry?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and that's exactly what we factored into, what we were talking about before in terms of there is a very specific guidance provided by Kindred, who is the leading LTAC operator of what the mitigated and unmitigated impact is and what are share is expected to be as it effects coverage and the 2018 CMS rule is perfectly in line with our projections and Kindred’s expectations. Kindred is mitigating the impact, again as we talk about how operators do this through taking more site neutral patients and that's becoming an important part of the business driving volume and then hopefully being able to contain cost. And so that is how Kindred has express visibility to mitigate the impact of those changes and again very well telegraphed and understood and it’s up to Kindred then to execute its business plan within that context.
Tayo Okusanya: Great. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Vincent Chao: Just wanted to go back to the SHOP conversation, we talked about the occupancy staying at sort of the minus 200 basis point level year-over-year, just given the flu plus also the supply coming online. But I’m just curious in terms of the revenue growth, which was very strong and the rent growth this quarter, with occupancy down and supply coming up, how much do you think rent across will be impacted going forward?
Bob Probst: Great question. Probably sound like a broken record here, but I do believe we have strong pricing power and senior housing both up and our approach as we thought about the base rent increases was looking where we had advantage positions, high barrier to entry markets with pricing power and pricing to reflect that. Not only in base rent but also in car provision and we did not see financial move out quote as a consequence of any material kind and that to me is really encouraging. Where we see -- clearly see pricing pressure is in the market where new supply is coming online and that's no surprise, that's as expected. And in that situation, we're a price taker and we need to make sure we're watching occupancy vis-à-vis price. And the good news for the portfolio overall and the high barrier to entry markets we compete in is that drives overall growth for the portfolio, but it’s really a tale of two cities as you look at the different markets.
Vincent Chao: Okay. And then on the 5.5% supply as a percentage of inventory in your markets, can you -- do you have a sense of what that might trend to? It sounds like it will get worse over the course of the year, but just curious if you have a sense of what that will translate by the end of the year?
Bob Probst: Yes, it has been trending consistently flat for our portfolio here for about three period in a row which we're encouraged by.
Debra Cafaro: And that's start, that's start.
Bob Probst: Percentage of inventory when restated as Nick does, we do now and to be able to see what is the like-for-like period to period and on that basis, we improve modestly in this period. So that's encouraging. I also noted at the same time and this is not unusual more of that construction rolling forward and being pushed in future quarters in terms of what to expected to start. And that is the dynamic we've seen and continue to see that file wave a bit moving forward. So, we'll see where it goes, but three periods in a row now of being flattish is encouraging to us.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks, and one just maybe cleanup questions and in the commentary on the MOB seems to annoy growth for the quarter the lease termination fees were noted as a positive variance. Do you have a dollar value of that lease termination fee?
Bob Probst: It's slightly over $2 million, so when adjusting for that you come back to 1.5% growth on a more underlying basis pretty much in line with our 1% to 2% guidance.
Vincent Chao: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. our next question comes from Chad Vanacore with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: Hey. Good morning, all.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Chad Vanacore: All right. So just thinking about same-store shop occupancy, which was down significantly 150 basis point that's more than NIC MAP Data would suggest but Bob you had mentioned last quarter you expected somewhere around 200 basis point. So, does that imply further declines in second quarter and then you assume any occupancy recovery late in the year in your budget?
Bob Probst: Yes, I think we certainly foresaw some of the impact here on the flu when we had the February call and that clearly is an unusual item as you look at the quarter and the sequential impact, there is always a softening in the first quarter sequentially, but that was exacerbated I think by the flu no doubt. That 200-basis point range is really for the full year and reflects the range we've given of guidance overall. So, we're starting from a lower point. There is new supply coming online through the balance of the year and therefore that 200 basis point is part of the range of expectation going forward. Now I hope we can do better. I hope we have 160 now down. I hope we can tie in that gap and again that's what the operators are very focused on, but the range reflects that that gap being either consistent or slightly wider based on new deliveries.
Chad Vanacore: And are those pressures more concentrated anywhere by geography?
Bob Probst: Sure, so the new construction will not be surprised as you look at the NIC data. Markets like Atlanta, Dallas, Detroit, Chicago, that's where the pressure is and that's the 30% we talk about within our SHOP portfolio where the pressures are, but again the New York's and LAs and San Fran's powering along and very strong.
Chad Vanacore: All right. Yeah, great and just one more, 1Q CapEx was under the average for the year, when do you expect that to ramp up and guidance implies an increase about $10 million a quarter through the balance of the year?
Bob Probst: Right. So, we're about $25 million in the first quarter. Our guidance is the 130 range, so clearly a ramp on the balance of the year. Very typical to see in the back half in particular that's been to ramp.
Chad Vanacore: All right. And then just split up the CapEx spend between MOB and SHOP.
Bob Probst: Core fed CapEx give me a minute, we'll get back to you with that number.
Debra Cafaro: We have to move along. We have a few more callers that we would like to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from comes from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. So much pressure. So, with every new day it seems new message from the administration as it relates to the U.S. healthcare. I'm curious to what degree that's affecting your investment strategy in the hospital business specifically. I know you know quality, growth and all that I get that, but there has to have been some change when you consider all these inputs and outputs from the Trump administration, is that true?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that you're right that one day it's terminating faster and the next day it's not and the next day it is again and so there is a little bit of policy whiplash going on across all businesses certainly including ours. And we have always said that we believe the hospital business is a huge secular opportunity for us as the leading capital provider and that we would do business with high quality assets and high-quality providers and I think we've done that. Right now, our focus is on the integration of LHP and Ardent, which we said is going well and we're continuing to do work, but obviously we'll be very, very selective in allocating capital while there is a wide range of possible outcomes. I would say that most of our hospital customers and relationships in parts business are full speed ahead with all of the things that they have been focused on for many years, which are unrelated to repeal and replace and its value-based care, it's cost containment, it's quality, its expansion of market share etcetera. And so, to summarize we continue to believe it's a great opportunity for us long-term. We have been selective and we'll continue to be selective and we think that right now, we're cautious but continuing to work in the business.
Rich Anderson: Right and then in 2009, circa 2009 you were given credit for hunkering down protecting the balance sheet and not necessarily being overly aggressive from an investment standpoint. You just we're always active on acquisitions, but do you see yourself in more of a hunker-down mode? Do you -- if there was a zero-acquisition year, would that be a bad thing for Ventas?
Debra Cafaro: Well thank you for the watch out memory lane there. We did get an A-plus for reading the market right and protecting the firm, which enabled us then to come out of the financial crisis early, faster, stronger and then go back into growth mode. I think we are always reading the external environment. We are nimble. I think we've been able to find ways in different environment to create value and certainly, the liquidity is an area of focus from a opportunistic and a risk management standpoint. We've already closed a $1 billion in attractive investments and we have really over the last 18 months I would say shifted our capital allocation efforts really into this selective hospitals, customer related deals and the high-quality investments in future growth with the development, redevelopment pipeline and that's what we foresaw and I think we're in exactly the spot where we wanted to be on those things coupled with really smart dispositions.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Fair enough. I'll let you to get the next questions. thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thanks. Good morning. Debbie, on the capital sources that you mentioned are looking to invest in the market. Do you expect there are going to be price leaders in any particular asset class and drive values up?
Debra Cafaro: I don't understand -- could you repeat the question I'm sorry?
John Kim: How competitive do you think there will be on pricing versus REITs?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that there is a strong bid as I pointed out in our asset makes our asset extremely valuable. I think this has been going on again for a while and it continues without abating and it's in fact accelerating. So that makes our assets more valuable and it requires us as we have done to shift our focus on capital allocation to where we see the best risk adjusted returns. And that has been in you can see this funding of the Ardent expansion where we're getting almost an 9% return, good risk adjusted returns, scaling the platform. We're investing in these higher yielding, yet high quality and future growth development, redevelopment opportunities and we’re doing smart dispositions among other things. So, there are always ways we like it that our assets are more valuable but there are always ways given our position in the market, given our diversified portfolio, given our relationships and platforms where we can invest attractively and that’s what we’re doing.
John Kim: And then that deal cost that you record in the first quarter was that related to Brazil?
Debra Cafaro: No, it was not.
John Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Michael Knott: Hey guys, saving the best for last I see.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely go for it.
Michael Knott: A question for you, on the SHOP portfolio, still trying to understand, it seems like you had said it’s encouraging to you, it seems like it was just outright better than you expected in terms of occupancy and on the expense side, but I guess should we infer that is really just a timing issue that the flu has bled into 2Q in terms of occupancy. So just trying to better understand that and then also if you can cut it through between U.S. and Canada and then the better markets versus the worst markets where you talked about last quarter the bifurcation in terms of those two types of markets?
Debra Cafaro: It was a good quarter.
Bob Probst: Yeah absolutely, we were very pleased with it and let me talk about the markets a bit, thanks for asking. The Canada result continues to be really strong. 7% in the quarter, we saw similar growth last year. Occupancy is pushing 95% and we see real opportunity for further pricing there and we have a wonderful portfolio in that country. So that’s really powering and helping the business and similarly, I keep talking about the engine room markets in the U.S., New York, LA, San Francisco, Boston. We continue to go from strength to strength in those markets and the pricing is really taking hold there and that’s really positive. The other part of the portfolio continues to be the same markets and you know as well as I which ones those are and again, the competitive pressure we see there is on price. We see labor pressure there. So, all the same dynamics we expected are happening, but overall those strong markets are driving the business. So, we had a strong start. So, we’re encouraged. 
Michael Knott: So that was better than expected across the Board or did Canada do better than you expected and the U.S. was kind of as expected?
Bob Probst: It was pretty consistent with expectation I would say.
Debra Cafaro: Great. So, with that Ryan, I think we’ve completed all the questions and I just want to close by saying that we are delighted we were able to deliver strong results this quarter across the Board. We have a great high quality diverse and balanced portfolio, great financial strength and liquidity. We’ve been expanding our leading platform, focusing on cash flow and cash flow growth and value creation and we have a great team here at Ventas that’s working hard for you. So, with that I want to just say let’s go pens and with all due difference to our friends in Washington and we look forward to seeing everyone soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan K. Shannon - IR Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman and CEO Robert F. Probst - EVP and CFO Todd W. Lillibridge - EVP, Medical Property Operations; President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Smedes Rose - Citigroup Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Nick Ullico - UBS Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities Chad Vanacore - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ventas Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ryan K. Shannon: Thanks, Tiara. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the year and quarter ended December 31, 2016. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our Web-site at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas year-end 2016 earnings call. I'm delighted to be joined this morning by my Ventas colleagues as we discuss our excellent productive year, highlight our continued execution of our business plan and discuss our outlook for 2017. Our results and our 2017 expectations are completely consistent with the preliminary view we shared with you about a month ago. The Ventas Advantage of superior properties, platforms and people has enabled us to consistently deliver growth in income and outstanding performance through multiple cycles for almost two decades. Our success has been founded on solid strategic vision, innovative and rigorous execution and a stable team with the skill and the will to excel. With our commitment to diversification and balance in our high-quality portfolio, our financial strength and flexibility, and the insight to allocate capital wisely in five asset types across the capital structure, we have enjoyed an enduring advantage in value creation. These principles powered our great year in 2016 as we reinforced our position as the premier provider of capital to leading healthcare and senior living companies and university-based research institutions. They will also serve us well as we look forward to 2017, despite a changing macro environment. I am happy to share some of our important accomplishments during the year. First, we delivered 16% total return to shareholders, outperforming the S&P 500 and the REIT and healthcare REIT indices. Our 17-year compound annual return to shareholders is an exceptional 25%. During the year, we grew normalized FFO per share by 5%, at the high end of the guidance range we presented at the beginning of 2016, and we did so on an even stronger balance sheet than we expected ending the year with a meaningfully enhanced credit profile. We worked with our leading operators to grow our same-store cash NOI through operational excellence initiatives and focus. We made or committed to investments of nearly $2 billion, including our exciting and accretive $1.5 billion acquisition of a high-quality new life sciences and innovation center portfolio, affiliated with leading universities, academic medical centers and research institutions. This deal is a winner with great yield approaching 7%, attractive real estate, long-term leases with institutional quality tenants and a leading developer partner in Wexford. It also added an important new channel for growth and we already have a robust pipeline with significant near-term acquisition and development opportunities. We also delivered reliable income growth to our shareholders by increasing our dividend by 6%. Ventas has one of the best dividend growth records in the REIT industry, and it remains an important component of the value proposition we offer to shareholders. To fund our business, we once again demonstrated excellence in capital markets by completing over $2 billion in highly attractive long-term senior note and equity offering. We also generated additional funding sources by accelerating our capital recycling and portfolio optimization plans, receiving over $600 million in profitable loan repayments and disposition proceeds from non-strategic assets. We cooperated with several of our customers to help them achieve their business objectives and increase their cash flow, while at the same time protecting Ventas and optimizing our portfolio. These mutually beneficial arrangements with Sunrise, Brookdale, Capital Senior, Kindred, and others, demonstrate our commitment to our customers and our ability to find innovative solutions that benefit both companies. Key among these agreements is a $700 million SNF disposition deal we reached with Kindred to enable Kindred to exit its skilled nursing segment at a very favorable cash rent yield to Ventas of 7%. Finally, we also delivered an innovative capital solution to our partners, Ardent and Sam Zell's EGI, to fund their pending acquisition of high-quality acute care provider LHP and scale the Ardent platform into a $3 billion revenue company operating in six states. With its major market share, valuable not-for-profit relationships and strong margins and payor mix, LHP is a great fit for Ardent and we hope to close our investment at the end of the first quarter. As a result of our 2016 activities and 2015 spin-off of most of our skilled nursing properties, Ventas has created an industry-leading differentiated portfolio, highly diversified by asset type, business model and tenant. Specifically, our owned portfolio generates 93% of its revenue from private pay sources. Our SHOP portfolio represents approximately 30% of our net operating income. Our attractive life science and medical office building segment generates about 25% of our NOI. Our operating and development partners are the best in their respective businesses. Our triple-net leases, representing 42% of our NOI, have virtually no lease expirations through the end of 2018, and none of our tenants represents more than 10% of our NOI. And finally, at the end of this year, we expect to generate only 1% of our NOI from skilled nursing facilities. During my 18 years at Ventas, we have seen a lot of changes in our markets as we've become the premier provider of capital to leading healthcare and senior housing operators and research institutions. We've navigated successfully through multiple economic, capital markets and reimbursement cycles and have continued to grow with strength and integrity. That said, we now face a period of significant macro volatility and uncertainty. Whether it's major tax reform and its impact on real estate, modifications to the healthcare system, interest rates, or the unknown contours and economic impacts of potential trade barriers or immigration trends, none of us knows exactly what's in store for our businesses. What we do know is that Ventas will operate with intensity, experience and skill at the dynamic intersection of healthcare and real estate, two of the largest and growing sectors of GDP. We will focus on managing the risk and capturing the opportunities that a changing environment presents to us, through development of the right strategies, prudent capital allocation and excellent innovation and execution. That's what the talented and cohesive Ventas team has done successfully for almost two decades and it's the same thing we intend to do in 2017, to create value for investors and customers. Let me share some of our specific priorities for the year ahead. Enhancing our balance sheet through lengthened debt maturities and increased liquidity to take advantage of opportunities and preserve value in the context of a more volatile and uncertain environment; allocating and recycling capital prudently by investing principally in life science, high-quality acute care hospitals and customer-related growth, and by making smart divestitures including our SNF sale as a way to further differentiate our excellent portfolio mix; investing in our future growth and higher quality asset base through selective development and redevelopment, especially in our exciting new life sciences business and premier senior housing and MOB assets with leading developers and tenants, like AA rated Sutter Healthcare in San Francisco; continuing to build on our Advantage platform, including Atria, Ardent and Wexford; capitalizing on increasing convergence we see between healthcare providers, managed care companies and senior living operators; engaging in mutually supportive and beneficial transactions with our customers; driving cash flow growth and performance in our high-quality assets to deliver reliable growth and income; and continuing to align, motivate and challenge our team, which provides a winning competitive edge. It is indisputable that senior living and healthcare real estate is a great place to be. Underpinning our confidence is the incredible market that will certainly provide long-term opportunities for assets to be owned in the most efficient hands, like ours. The senior population in the U.S. will grow rapidly, and with it, demand for our real estate sites where essential home, care and comfort are provided to individuals and their families and groundbreaking research is conducted every day. We also foresee that senior housing and healthcare providers will work with each other and with managed care companies to limit readmissions, control health care costs as our nation ages, and advance the nation's health and wellness. We expect to be a full participant in these trends, supporting this operating convergence with our capital. So, while we may experience near-term challenges from peaking deliveries of senior living units in 2017 or potential changes to the Affordable Care Act, the opportunities in our $1 trillion fragmented market are unmistakable, inexorable and gigantic. That is one reason we continue to see significant interest in all of our asset types from private equity, pensions and sovereign wealth funds at robust pricing. In the midst of a highly dynamic environment, we are confident that we can continue to capitalize on these opportunities. We have the properties, platforms and people to continue leading our sector. The entire Ventas team is excited and ready to deliver in 2017 and beyond. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over of our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert F. Probst: Thank you, Debbie. I am pleased to report another strong year of cash flow performance from our high-quality portfolio of healthcare, senior housing and life science research properties. Our overall same-store cash NOI increased 2.7% for the full-year 2016, right in line with our 2.5% to 3% total Company same-store guidance range. Our fourth quarter same-store NOI growth of 2.9% was also right in line with our expectations. Let me detail our 2016 performance and 2017 guidance for our portfolio at a segment level, starting with our triple-net business which accounts for 42% of our NOI. Our triple-net portfolio grew same-store cash NOI by an excellent 3.7% for the full year 2016 over 2015. In the fourth quarter, triple-net same-store cash NOI increased by 4.5%, driven principally by strong in-place lease escalations and rent reallocated to more productive assets from the Kindred LTAC lease modification agreement in Q2. Cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple-net leased portfolio for the third quarter of 2016, relative to the above information, was consistent with prior quarter at 1.7x. Coverage in our triple-net same-store senior housing portfolio remained at 1.3x, incorporating escalator growth for the trailing 12 months that exceeded 3%. Coverage trends in senior housing were supported by low single-digit EBITDARM growth at the asset level for the trailing 12 months. Cash flow coverage in our same-store post-acute portfolio was 1.8x. Our shareholders continue to benefit from our spin-off of the majority of our SNF assets in 2015, together with the anticipated sale of our Kindred SNF assets in 2017. We expect that the spin-off and Kindred disposals will together achieve a highly attractive blended cap rate approximating 7%. It will reduce our exposure to the skilled nursing space to only 1% of Ventas' NOI. Specialty hospital coverage declined by 10 basis points to 1.9x, in line with our expectation, as Kindred entered the new LTAC patient criteria in the third quarter. As a reminder, Kindred expects this transition will have the most impact on asset performance through the first half of 2017, after which the net mitigated impact of criteria begins to ease. During the year, we also pruned our Kindred LTAC portfolio and extended leases on remaining LTACs for eight years, while Kindred navigates through the new rules on patient criteria. Finally, Ardent continues to drive strong performances and stand out as a leading hospital platform, delivering sustained positive momentum in top and bottom line key performance indicators. Rent coverage at the assets improved 10 basis points sequentially to a very strong 3.1x in Q3. Third quarter 2016 results for Ardent compared favorably to even the very best publicly traded hospital systems in the U.S. Meanwhile, adjusted admissions, revenue and EBITDA continued to trend positively through the fourth quarter of 2016. For 2017, we expect our triple-net portfolio overall will grow in the range of 2.5% to 3.5%, driven by more normalized in-place lease escalations in the year. As we discussed in prior calls, 2016 benefited from outsized escalators with certain tenants as well as nonrecurring profits and fees from various value-creating transactions. Consistent with prior practice, our outlook does not include the benefit of new fees in 2017. Taken together, these items result in more moderate yet still attractive triple-net same-store cash NOI growth in 2017. Moving on to our senior housing operating portfolio, the framework by which we established our SHOP guidance range one year ago held up very well throughout the year, both for the full year and the fourth quarter 2016. Our same-store SHOP cash NOI increased by 2.3% for the full year 2016 and grew over 1% in the fourth quarter, both right in line with our expectations. In both the fourth quarter and full-year 2016, REVPOR increased at approximately 4% overall, driven by our high barrier to entry coastal markets where we have attractive pricing power. We also saw strong pricing in independent living rents, in the care component of assisted living revenues. Labor cost increases driven by wage pressures exceeded 5% in 2016. These increases were partially tempered by the benefit of $2 million in lower Sunrise management fees in the second half of the year. Our framework for predicting the impact of new competition on performance was accurate throughout 2016. Our premier coastal markets in the U.S., such as New York, Los Angeles and Boston, provided the engine-room of growth for our overall SHOP portfolio in the fourth quarter and for the full year. These high-quality infill communities represent 70% of our SHOP NOI, and for the fourth quarter and full year these communities increased same-store NOI mid-single-digits on strong rate and revenue growth. Canada also delivered very strong performance, increasing NOI by nearly 7% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. We observed elevated levels of new building openings in our trade areas in the fourth quarter. Our NOI exposure in markets with a new supply surplus continues to represent 30% of our SHOP portfolio, or less than 10% of Ventas' overall NOI. Our same-store NOI performance in the fourth quarter in these communities decelerated to a mid-single-digits decline via occupancy pressure, as a result of the cumulative impact of new deliveries. Net-net, the 70% of our portfolio in high-barrier markets powered same-store NOI growth overall, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Turning to 2017, we remain bullish on the value proposition of seniors housing and we expect the SHOP portfolio to grow same-store NOI in 2017 in the range of 0% to 2%. We are encouraged by continued pricing power in our SHOP portfolio, which fueled our growth in 2016 and continues to present opportunity in 2017. In fact, both Atria and Sunrise implemented accelerated rent increases through the annual rate letters issued this January. These rate increases appear to be holding up well in the first quarter. Given over 70% of annual SHOP revenue is determined by these rate letters, they are extremely important to our full-year SHOP profit delivery. A more severe flu season thus far in 2017 will pressure occupancy in the first quarter. A slower start to the year, together with new deliveries throughout 2017, will likely result in a widening of the occupancy gap in 2017. Nonetheless, the aforementioned strong rate increases support expected NOI growth overall for the year. The accelerated level of pricing is also important in light of the continued labor wage pressure, which we estimate will approximate 4% to 5% for our SHOP portfolio overall in 2017. The carryover impact of Sunrise fee reductions from the revised contract signed in Q3 2016 act as a partial offset to these wage pressures. We expect deliveries of new supply in 2017 to outpace the elevated levels observed in 2016. And with 30% of our SHOP portfolio with the supply surplus, we anticipate mid to high single-digit NOI declines, a deceleration due to the cumulative impact of new units online. That said, new construction as a percentage of inventory within our trade areas has held steady at 5% overall over the last several quarters and we are seeing early signs that suggest new starts may be slowing. Encouragingly, the 70% of our portfolio located in high-barrier markets are expected to continue driving mid single-digit NOI growth in 2017. In fact, we continue to invest in attractive high-return redevelopment projects in these advantaged markets, with six new projects totaling $70 million now underway to help fuel our growth over the medium and long term. Let's round out the portfolio review with our office operations reporting segment, which includes our medical office business as well as our newly acquired life science and innovation centers. Taken together, these assets now represent approximately 25% of Ventas' annualized NOI. The 23 operating assets acquired through our life science investment, which closed in September 2016, performed very well in the fourth quarter and are in line with underwriting. We expect two more properties to come online late in 2017, adjacent to Duke University and Wake Forest. Finally, we have already made exciting progress in scaling the life science platform by green-lighting two new ground-up developments associated with the University of Pennsylvania and Washington University. In our medical office business, cash NOI for the full-year 2016 same-store pool of 270 assets increased by 1.3%, in line with guidance. In the fourth quarter, same-store NOI increased 2.1%. Fourth quarter results were driven by rate growth from in-place rent escalations and expense controls, modestly offset by lower year-over-year occupancy. On a sequential basis, as expected, we made progress in the fourth quarter in growing occupancy with sequential occupancy increasing by 40 basis points to 92%. Looking ahead to 2017, we expect stable and steady growth of 1% to 2% from our same-store office portfolio of 364 medical office assets. This guidance assumes modest occupancy and revenue growth as we continue to fill the leasing pipeline through 2017. Turning to our overall Company financial results for the full year 2016; in 2016, we delivered strong earnings and dividend growth together with enhanced balance sheet strength. These results were driven by increase in cash flows from our high-quality properties, optimization of our portfolio through continued capital recycling, and terrific capital markets execution. Income from continuing operations per share for 2016 grew 36% to $1.59 compared to 2015. Full-year 2016 normalized FFO totaled $4.13 per fully diluted share, representing a 5% growth on a comparable basis over 2015. This strong year-over-year earnings growth was driven by accretive investments, lower transaction costs, positive property performance, and profits and fees from transactions with borrowers and tenants. We closed on $1.6 billion in acquisitions in 2016, including our acquisition of 23 high-quality life science and innovation centers. We also invested over $140 million in high-return redevelopment and development projects in 2016. We accelerated our portfolio optimization and capital recycling program during 2016. Ventas sold properties and received final repayment on loans receivable for proceeds totaling nearly $620 million at a gain of $100 million and with 8% cash and GAAP yields. These proceeds outpaced our previous guidance of $500 million, including approximately $350 million in proceeds realized late in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we made great strides in enhancing our balance sheet and financial strength in 2016. We demonstrated capital markets excellence by issuing $1.3 billion in equity over the course of the year at an average gross price of approximately $70 per share. We also raised $850 million of new senior notes, including our most attractive 10-year bond in Ventas' history with an all-in rate below 3.25%. Meanwhile, we retired or refinanced approximately $1 billion of in-place debt, yielding approximately 2.3% on a GAAP basis. This cumulative capital activity during the year further bolstered our balance sheet. At year-end, the Company's net debt to adjusted EBITDA improved to 5.7x, a 0.4x reduction from our year-end 2015 leverage of 6.1x. Our fixed charge coverage grew to an exceptional 4.8x; our net debt to gross asset value improved by 4 percentage points to 38%; and our secured debt to total indebtedness reached 6%. Let me close out our prepared remarks with our full-year 2017 guidance for the Company. In 2017, we expect to demonstrate continued enterprise strength through ongoing strategic dispositions, by extending debt maturities and through continued investments in our attractive platforms. Our expectation as we begin the year is for 2017 income from continuing operations to range between $1.72 and $1.78 per fully diluted share. We expect normalized FFO per share to range from $4.12 to $4.18. We expect the total Ventas same-store portfolio to grow cash NOI by 1.5% to 2.5%, with all segments contributing to growth as described earlier. Our guidance range assumes continued capital allocation discipline. We expect our ongoing capital recycling program to generate $900 million in disposition proceeds, at a 7% to 8% GAAP yield. This includes $700 million in proceeds at a gain approximating $670 million in the second half of the year through the potential sale of 36 skilled nursing facilities. Disposition proceeds are expected to be redeployed at approximately the same rate into new 2017 investments approximating $1 billion, principally to scale our life science and acute care platforms, including $700 million in secured debt financing to fund Ardent's acquisition of LHP. The LHP deal is expected to close late in the first quarter of 2017. We also expect to invest in future growth through attractive new ground-up life science developments, with our development and redevelopment funding expected to accelerate to approximately $300 million in 2017. A note on quarterly phasing; we expect a softer first quarter sequentially in 2017 due to nearly $350 million in late Q4 2016 dispositions, the proceeds of which are principally being held as cash until they can be redeployed into our LHP acquisition in late Q1. We plan to drive an even stronger financial profile and liquidity in 2017, including refinancing approximately $1 billion of low-cost short-duration debt with longer-dated notes. Our outlook assumes 358 million weighted average shares in 2017, compared to 348 million shares outstanding in 2016. The increase in share count arises from the full year impact of shares issued in 2016 and we do not assume new equity issuance in 2017. Net, we forecast our leverage at year-end 2017 to be in line with our strong year-end 2016 position. The result of this 2017 activity underscores the continued excellence of Ventas as enterprise and our team's confidence in our ability to continue to create value for our shareholders. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: For the [indiscernible] portfolio, how are you guys thinking about the trajectory of that same-store growth? Could there be any quarters throughout 2017 where the growth goes negative but the full-year is still positive? It just looks like you've got pretty tough comps with [indiscernible] in the second half in particular and rolling the benefit of this lower Sunrise fees in the second half as well. How should we think about growth?
Robert F. Probst: For the full year, just to reinforce, we expect to grow. So the guidance of 0% to 2% is the full-year outlook. As we look at phasing, I expect that will grow throughout the year. And fairly consistently, there are puts and takes. We mentioned for example the flu season in Q1 highlighted that the occupancy challenge from that is going to affect Q1. However, for the first half we also have the carryover benefit of the management fee savings on Sunrise. So net-net-net, as we look across the quarters, we expect fairly consistent growth. No hockey stick type movements either way.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then on the MOB platform, you guys had I think 1.2% same-store growth in 2016 and kind of 1% to 2% in 2017, which is below the kind of the typical trend we see for most MOB platforms at 2% to 3%. If you could just delve into what is driving that kind of lower growth and when should that start to reaccelerate?
Robert F. Probst: So, 1.3% was the growth last year. And if you unpack that a little bit, we had an interesting year in the sense of a significant tenant departure early in the year, then having to refill that pipeline in terms of tenancy in the back half. That's what we saw in the fourth quarter, we saw the sequential improvement and 2% growth in the fourth quarter, just in line with our expectation, and reiterating the same steady type of growth in 2017. I'd highlight we have fairly significant rolls in 2017 relative to history. So that's our challenge to meet and beat in 2017 on the top line. So that's really how I think about it. It's going to be a top line driven business but very steady and predictable.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. And just last question for me, for hospitals, how are you guys thinking about making incremental investments with the uncertainty, Debbie, you alluded to with the potential repeal of the Affordable Care Act? Are you changing how you are underwriting or are you kind of hitting the pause button, or how are you looking at things on the hospital space at this point in time?
Debra A. Cafaro: We are excited about our investment in Ardent, which as Bob said is performing very well. We're executing on the game plan, which is to scale that platform as we hope to fund the acquisition of LHP in 2017. And LHP is a real gem. So I think our strategy of acquiring really high-quality assets, scaling the business, and we're very focused on executing on that this year. And in addition, we have said all along that we are going to be very highly selective, which we have been and we'll continue to be, but we have a gigantic secular opportunity and we will continue having conversations with people, and should there be additional opportunities that we think will create value, we will certainly pursue them. So that's where we stand on the business right now.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you on – you mentioned Bob that Atria and Sunrise have rolled out accelerated rate increases. And I was just wondering, when you say that, does that mean that they are increasing what they normally would have done or are they impacting more customers sooner for rate increases, what does that mean exactly?
Robert F. Probst: Sure. So as you know, Smedes, in January for most of the business, not all but most of the business, the annual rent increase for in-place residence goes out. And the point I made this year is, we had more aggressive, it would be the right word, accelerated rate increases for this year versus last year, and particularly so I'd say in the Sunrise portfolio, and Atria has historically had the same methodology but I think we saw more alignment between the two operators this year. So, strong growth and stronger than last year in terms of that rate later, which I mentioned is really important to the full year revenue number.
Debra A. Cafaro: And I think one of the real benefits that Bob has brought to our senior housing business in working with our care providers is really understanding pricing and where we're making money and making sure we're pricing appropriately for the care and the home that seniors are receiving, and so really deconstructing what the pricing should be and matching it with the services that are being provided and the quality of the residence that's being provided. So, double-clicking, triple-clicking into pricing and making sure that we are matching pricing with needs and services.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then just on the supply as you break out in your supplement, it continues to kind of tick up a little bit sequentially. Do you feel like 2017 is a peak year in terms of construction, you mentioned that you're seeing some slowdown in starts, or kind of maybe a little more color on that?
Robert F. Probst: Sure. So let me start with deliveries first. And so, we saw elevated deliveries really in the second half, beginning in the second half principally of last year, and we expect that to continue to increase in terms of new deliveries in 2017 versus 2016. At the same time, when you think about new starts, we've seen through the NIC data that for two quarters now for our trade areas we've had 5% construction to inventory, so level amounts in both quarters. And as we look at the data, we said, some early signs perhaps that that new starts may be slowing. And so that gives us some hope about that, but the delivery certainly in 2017 will be elevated even versus 2016 levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: I know, Bob, in your prepared remarks you kind of talked about the LTAC portfolio and Kindred's plans to mitigate the new patient criteria. Can you explain how they plan on mitigating some of that weakness?
Debra A. Cafaro: I'll take that, Michael. So as we talked about before, Kindred spent a year or two preparing to move into patient criteria, which Select Medical, another LTAC provider, went on successfully almost a year prior. And so Kindred was highly prepared to make this transition. And essentially, Kindred has been adopting a strategy of really identifying patients who are eligible for LTAC reimbursement as well as developing a strategy where they can care profitably for what are called site-neutral patients. So, I have every confidence that Kindred will be able to go into criteria in accordance with its expectations and work through the reimbursement and mitigate some of those impacts as we look to the back half of 2017. So, that's a shorthand way to describe a very complex transition.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then real quick on the coverage, I guess that 1.9 or 1.8 now, I mean how much further should we expect that to drop as these mitigations kind of take hold?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, what we've talked about in the past is, over time we would expect it to be maybe 20 basis points, 10 to 20 basis points, all else equal, but there will be a trough and then of course they'll elevate out of that in the back half of 2017 and into 2018. So, in and around that neighborhood, and again, very expected I guess and that we have confidence in Kindred's ability to execute and we have good long-term lease arrangements with them as we go through the transition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Wexford, and it sounds like you've got some robust development opportunities there. Can you just maybe talk a little bit about the deal, what's gone well, maybe what have been some of the challenges, and maybe talk a little bit more about the returns and the opportunities on the development front?
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. First of all, we're very excited to be in this business with the university-based R&D tenants, and it's UPenn Medical, it's Yale, it's Duke, Wake Forest, really leading institutions who account for 10% of university-based R&D spending in the U.S. And I think the opportunity – and also Wexford is the name in this business, so being partnered with them I think is a real advantage – and the business opportunity is really very much like the MOB opportunity. For example, which is to say we have these big institutions, they have a lot of demands on their capital, and they don't need to own or build all of their real estate. And so, we have this great nucleus of assets now, we have a great development partner who is renowned among the universities for what they do, and the business plan is to scale that platform by doing more business with the universities who are already in our tenant base and to do business with additional leading R&D universities, very simple. And what's exciting about this acquisition is that, A, the assets we acquired are excellent and are performing well, and then B, the demand for what we're doing is very strong. And so, we see additional follow-on opportunities in the pipeline with one very well-known university, we also as Bob said have green-lighted a couple of other projects, one adjacent to UPenn in downtown Philadelphia, another one related to WashU, and the pipeline is very robust. And so, we think this can be a great channel for growth for us. It's really come in sort of fast and furious and our job is to make sure we're doing good underwriting and that we're available to build this as a real growth opportunity for the Company. So, we're excited about it.
Steve Sakwa: And could you provide any parameters around sort of unlevered development yields in this business?
Debra A. Cafaro: Of course it always depends on the amount of pre-leasing, et cetera, and what the credit quality is, things like that. But in general, we'd…
Robert F. Probst: 7% to 9%.
Debra A. Cafaro: We'd be looking at 7% to 9% yields.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Ullico from UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Ullico: Just I guess first off on , Bob, going back to the senior housing operating guidance this year, I know you gave some detail on how to think about occupancy and labor expenses. Is it possible to get a little bit more of a breakout for the same-store revenue growth versus the same-store expense growth?
Robert F. Probst: For 2017 specifically in terms of the outlook?
Nick Ullico: Yes.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. Yes, let me unpack that a little bit. In terms of occupancy, we finished the fourth quarter about 120 basis points down year-on-year. Our expectation as we come into the first quarter as I mentioned is with the flu and with these new deliveries that that gap would widen. I would put that, that versus prior year, I would put that in the 200 basis points down range. At the same time, really importantly, the pricing that we expect to see if we delivered REVPOR of 4%, I think given that we were more accelerated in our rate letters this year, we expect to see something north of that in terms of rate. And that's not, to say it again, because of the wage pressure in the 4% to 5%, that's for labor I should say, that 4% to 5%. Total cost will be below that growth rate as we drive efficiency and utilities and things like that. So that's the algorithm net-net-net to get us down to the 0% to 2% outlook.
Nick Ullico: Okay, that's helpful. And then going back to Ardent, can we get a feel for the ultimate ACA benefit that they've gotten? I mean, if we look at the public hospital operators, it's been between around 5% to as high as 15% as EBITDA benefit for operators in 2016. Do you have a sense for where Ardent would fall in that range?
Debra A. Cafaro: I do, and if you look at Ardent pro forma with LHP, they will be in six states as I mentioned. Only two of those are Medicaid expansion states. Our general view is that the potential impact on the companies as a whole would potentially, assuming no mitigation, be less than the potential synergies from the transaction. And so we have a built-in buffer there as well as obviously as a landlord we have over 3x coverage. But just at the operating level, we think that what we're doing is really smart and we have a built-in cushion there should there be any impact from a change to the Affordable Care Act. I do think it's interesting, and I caution investors not to equate equity operator prices with the reliability of lease streams, but I would note that if you look at like an HCA for example, their stock price was $66 last year at this time, it's $84, $83 to $84 now. I mean, I think there is recognition that these good companies will continue to be good and what these excellent operators do over the decades is they know how to hold the levers in this business to create positive cash flow, and that's what we would expect Ardent to do with a very seasoned CEO that's been through this for three decades. And so, we feel good about it.
Nick Ullico: That's helpful, Debbie. Just I guess one last question is, it sounds like there is some acquisition opportunities heating up a bit in hospitals but more so on the non-profit side. Is there any opportunity for you and Ardent to participate in that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, good. I mean, we're really focused on closing LHP and are excited about that because it's a gem, and what comes with it, as you point out, are these really valuable not-for-profit relationships with academic medical centers and other large not-for-profits like a sanction. And so, that is one incremental step toward this gigantic opportunity. And again, we'll continue to have conversations, but our focus right now is really closing LHP and then we'll take it from there.
Nick Ullico: All right. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Maybe just to stick with the last line of questioning, Debbie, maybe if you could expand a little bit, you mentioned some cushion at the operating level beyond just the coverage. Exactly what are you referring to there, like what are some of the things that can help offset some of the potential ACA pressures?
Debra A. Cafaro: Should there be ACA pressures, which honestly I think there may be a lot of easier policy priorities to accomplish in the near term, but should there be something, I think they will be first of all pushed out, and secondly, we have – we announced that there would be significant synergies in the merger between the two companies, which again only have two of the six states in Medicaid expansion. And so, we think that's more than enough cushion should there be impact from an ACA repeal. But the key thing is, what is the replacement? The replacement may be fine, and so it may have no impact. The key thing is, what is the replacement, and of course we would expect that that replacement would not take effect for one to multiple years.
Vincent Chao: Okay, just trying to clarify that point. And then just on the hospital opportunity, which you are very happy with the Ardent performance and still looking to scale that business, I guess from a pipeline perspective given some of the uncertainties out there, have the pool of potential acquisitions changed at all on the hospital side or are you still seeing the same level of potential?
Debra A. Cafaro: As we said, we're going to be very selective and we're going to play at that top percent of operators and assets that have significant market share, that have quality outcomes, that are efficient, et cetera, and so those conversations will continue over time and it's a really gigantic opportunity, it's a $1 trillion revenue business, the acute-care business.
Vincent Chao: But I guess have the conversations changed at all in light of some of what's going on out there with regard to policy?
Debra A. Cafaro: Really I talked to Todd, he is here with me, and we were at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, and honestly, the hospital acute-care providers are going about their business, which is creating efficiencies, driving quality, all the things that they were doing before. And many of the changes that are in the health care system are so already embedded in what they are doing, I would say that that is really what they are focused on, execution of their business.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Michael Knott: A question for you just along the lines of ACA potential repeal, can you just touch on how you think that might impact your MOB business and maybe helps us in decision-making with regards to space?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. So I would say that again let me just repeat a little bit of what I said, which is that the acute-care providers are going about the business of driving efficiencies, quality, improvement, M&A, et cetera, and they are some of the biggest customers obviously in the MOB business, and we have a really high-quality portfolio that's affiliated with some of the top hospitals. And so, while uncertainty generally can delay decision-making and things like that, we may see some of that this year, I do think that we are well-positioned to continue creating stable growing cash flows in our portfolio.
Michael Knott: Okay, thanks. And then just on the investment side, do you mind just touching on what you're sort of seeing out there, the pulse of the investment market, any changes in cap rates or appetite, is there a slowdown because of some of the uncertainties? And then, I think Bob used the word 'discipline' with respect to your investment activity. Just curious if we could also sort of infer that 'caution' is a word that you are applying to your investment activity opportunity set just given where we're at in the cycle?
Debra A. Cafaro: So I think what's really interesting is that we are seeing huge continued interest at very robust pricing as I mentioned across our asset types, and it's coming from pension funds, it's coming from sovereigns, it's coming from private equity. And I think that is a sign that people value our assets and they see the big opportunity in our business. When we talk about being disciplined capital allocators, as you know, we have always been about doing things that create value for our investors and hopefully being good partners with our customers at the same time. And so, I would not conflate those two words. I think we are disciplined when we think about our cost of capital, when we think about risk-adjusted returns and when we think about what is going to create value, and that's always been a hallmark of Ventas'. And that's partly why we have such a good track record of total return, that's why we have a good track record of capital allocation and growth in income, as we take that very seriously, and we think about deals on their own and also how they affect the balance and mix in our portfolio. So, we will be disciplined, we've always been disciplined, and take all those factors into account as we continue to make investments.
Michael Knott: Okay, thanks. And then just one more for me if I could, and thanks for the time, on senior housing, I know you've emphasized, Bob, the strength of the rate letters that are going out and there's this kind of dichotomy between reduced occupancy but strong pricing power. Can you just talk about how long do you think that can persist, and if we look into maybe a year from now as we think about 2018 just with all the continued supply growth, deliveries in 2017 and then probably similarly high in 2018 I would argue, can you just talk about the outlook for pricing power, how long can that dichotomy between occupancy and rate growth sort of persist? Thanks.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. Good question, Michael. I keep coming back to the value proposition of senior housing and let's not forget the big picture of the cost of replicating the services that you receive in the senior housing community. It's twice as expensive to do so at home, not to mention the benefits of being in a community. And that I think is a truism every market that we go into and everything we hear. And the value-added of the services in your report highlights this, of assisted living services, the value it provides to residents. And I don't think that generally speaking [indiscernible] we priced that value necessarily to the point that we can. And so, we are seeing in 2017 the opportunity to do that. Because of the value proposition, I see the opportunity to continue to do so. I come back to the framework though of looking at the high-barrier markets where you have the demand, where you have the wealth, where you have little supply in your competition, that's the area where we have pricing power and that's where we're focused, and I think that can continue. But clearly, the supply is going to have an impact in the balance of the portfolio.
Michael Knott: And just a quick follow up, so in general, you think sort of stronger renewal rent prospects and then maybe weaker on the new rent side can continue for a while just given what you talked about, the value that's provided to residents, et cetera, seems like that can persist?
Robert F. Probst: Yes. So we have not only the annual increase but also street rate. We expect to see year-over-year growth. Again, that's driven by those engine-room markets where we see nice increases, not at the level necessarily of the rate letter but still nice growth. So it's both that we see particularly in that 70% of our portfolio, that is the high barrier to entry markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Richard Anderson: Thank, and I know one hour is the magic number, so I'd be quick. So in your disclosure, you've had this footnote before for SHOP. It says it excludes closed units during periods of closure, which is kind of a funny way to say but I assume it's been a lot of thought put into it. What does that mean like and how substantial is that relative to the impact it might have on your growth profile in the SHOP portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, it's very minimal. It's like, for example, if there was a fire and the building was closed down or a flood or something like that, that type of thing, very minimal.
Richard Anderson: Okay then, short answer is good with me. And then for 2017, you pointed out Canada was a leader at 7%-plus, or whatever it was, for 2016, what do you think that Canada/U.S. breakdown might be for SHOP in 2017?
Robert F. Probst: First of all, thrilled about the Canada performance, it grew mid-single for the year, it's great, 7% in the fourth. And if you look at occupancy, pushing 95%. And so I'm just sounding like a broken record here, but the opportunity as we think about 2017 is very much with a 95% occupied building to get some pricing.
Debra A. Cafaro: Plus they have good hockey.
Richard Anderson: Hockey, yes, really. All right.
Robert F. Probst: Yes, it's really hockey. So it's going to drive Canada next year, or this year, 2017.
Richard Anderson: So Canada will again be a leader you think?
Robert F. Probst: Yes.
Richard Anderson: To the degree it was this time? I mean that was pretty substantial.
Robert F. Probst: It will be a nice grower, no doubt, it will contribute nicely.
Richard Anderson: Could that mean that U.S. could be a negative number?
Robert F. Probst: Again, we have a range. So at 0% to 2%, you could probably back into math to suggest that to be true.
Debra A. Cafaro: Multiple permutations.
Robert F. Probst: So that's where you are in the range.
Richard Anderson: Okay, sounds good. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Vanacore from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chad Vanacore: So thinking about fourth quarter earnings, FFO was largely in line, FAD was a little bit lower than expected, and it looked like that was on CapEx spending. And I know you had warned us about this last quarter, but it still seemed to come in a little bit higher at around $45 million a quarter. So, should we expect that to be a run rate through 2017 or does that moderate or increase?
Robert F. Probst: So FAD, relative to what we put out a month ago, in the range in terms of dollars, I think we're about $1 million below the $1.27 billion of our outlook, and that was really CapEx timing as much as anything. I would step back and say, in terms of FAD CapEx focus areas, MOB is one area of focus in particular, but I wouldn't infer anything kind of beyond that.
Chad Vanacore: Then what we should be thinking like on average per quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro: If you look at the reconciliation for 2017…
Robert F. Probst: We have about $125 million of what I call FAD CapEx in the year. It tends to be more back half weighted, typically the fourth quarter, to ramp a little bit in the fourth quarter. But again, it depends a little bit, Chad, just on what's going on in terms of the projects. You could have a [indiscernible], so it would be lumpy for example. So, there is an extreme seasonality to that number.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, thanks. And then just speaking of pricing growth, you mentioned pushing aggressive pricing on the SHOP portfolio. What's the difference in pricing between at 70% of SHOP that seem to be in high barrier entry markets and the 30% that's facing competition?
Robert F. Probst: In terms of absolute REVPOR…
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, I think the pricing is really an enhanced way to appropriately have the operators be paid for the care and services that they are providing and to match pricing with the value that the families and the seniors are getting, and we are doing that more effectively I would say in 2017. And Bob will take the rest of that.
Robert F. Probst: If you look at the 70% versus the 30% at REVPOR, the 70% equilibrium markets, there's not a significant difference on REVPOR. What's different is the growth rate between the two.
Chad Vanacore: So pretty [indiscernible] what you're saying is, pricing in a more competitive market, that growth is going to be smaller than the high-barrier market, is that right?
Robert F. Probst: Yes, exactly.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well said, yes.
Chad Vanacore: Okay, all right. And just one quick update, the Kindred portfolio sales, I think you left most of that in Kindred hand. Can you give us an update of where you are in that process?
Debra A. Cafaro: I can and would encourage you to listen to Kindred's call later because they'll give a more fulsome update because they are on point there. Our understanding is that it's going well and there's a lot of interest. As I talked about earlier, that there is a lot of interest in all of our asset classes and this would presumably be no exception. And so, we are anticipating on balance a second half execution of that transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: So last year in your supplemental, you broke down a sizable revenue enhancing CapEx figure of $110 million, and this year that figure is not in your supplemental. Do you still have this program or is it just now reclassified somewhere else?
Robert F. Probst: We absolutely still have the program, John. We changed a little bit the presentation to really highlight on that one page, I'll call it the FAD CapEx breakdown, sustaining CapEx, versus the prior pages which demonstrate the development and redevelopment. So really just tried to differentiate and distinguish the different types of spend. But the program is very important and a huge priority for us. As we've said, in fact we're going to…
Debra A. Cafaro: Accelerate it, yes.
Robert F. Probst: Increase our amount of spending from $140 million to $300 million, round number, 2016 to 2017. So it's key, it's a core priority.
John Kim: And so can you just remind us or maybe provide some color on what constitutes a redevelopment, and also if you have a projected yield on your existing program?
Debra A. Cafaro: If we have a what, I'm sorry?
John Kim: A projected yield.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. So in those numbers, we're talking about this selective redevelopment and development program we talked about, we would include within that ground-up development like our Class A downtown San Francisco medical office building, it would be our newly opened senior living community, Foster City in Northern California, it would include any life sciences, as we mentioned potential developments with UPenn or WashU that we talked about. And it would include some redevelopments that we've done over time where there are significant impacts on the community where we for example add a life guidance or memory care unit or build another wing or convert parts of the building to other uses, those types of things. And we tend to, as John said, we tend to look at 7%-plus returns depending again on the profile of the tenancy, the pre-leasing, the credit quality in the ground-up developments. I mentioned the San Francisco MOB, we've got AA rated credit, it's substantially pre-leased building. That's one type of yield. As we're doing these redevelopment projects, I'd say high single-digits, low double-digits unlevered expectations for returns.
John Kim: Okay, that's helpful. So the redevelopments are mostly additive, not just enhancing existing units?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, principally they are redos of things or additions of things, yes.
John Kim: Got it, okay.
Robert F. Probst: That generate a return.
Debra A. Cafaro: That generate a return, yes.
Robert F. Probst: That generate returns as distinguished from the FAD CapEx which are profit sustaining type initiatives, roofs and boilers and things like that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
John Kim: And Debbie, you mentioned briefly the share prices of some of the public operators. I'm just wondering if you find it preferable for your operating partners to be public or private.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are agnostic. We want our operators to be great at what they do, leaders in their markets, provide good quality care, and operate with a lot of integrity and compliance. So that's what we like. And we have the lion's share of our portfolio as we've reshaped our business over the last couple of years, is with those leading operators. So we have a few more questions. I'm sorry, but we have to hustle, we have a few more questions that we still want to take, John. We'll be happy to…
John Kim: Sure, no problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: In terms of your acquisition discussion and guidance in terms of deploying $1 billion or so in 2017, you're focused on life science and the acute-care hospital pipeline. So should we expect the life science deployments principally to be through development, is that right?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Jordan Sadler: So, no new really stabilized property acquisitions there outside of Wexford?
Debra A. Cafaro: There could be – again, when we give the $1 billion, it's pretty straightforward. We've got $700 million that we are funding on the Ardent acquisition of LHP. Then we have $300 million of other, some acquisitions of stabilized assets, some are developments of life science that we've talked about. And so…
Jordan Sadler: I guess my question is, as you are looking out and pursuing and underwriting transactions, I'm just curious what your interest level is, where the best risk-adjusted opportunity is among the segments that you are invested in?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think the best risk-adjusted segments are the areas we have identified for capital allocation, which will be really high-quality hospitals, definitely growth in the life sciences segment, principally by development but also by potential acquisitions, and follow-on opportunities, and customer oriented activities. That's where we have been focusing the last couple of years and that's where we'll continue to focus and that's where we think we have the best return, in addition to of course the development/redevelopment that we just talked about.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And so, on the other side, the trimming that you're doing, which is also identified, but there's a couple of hundred million that's not necessarily, your trimming could be done presumably out of the MOB and senior housing portfolios, as you've done…?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think the trimming – so we are talking, I think it's important to identify this capital recycling that we are doing in 2017 of $900 million of dispositions and then $1 billion of investments. So the $900 million straightforward to, it's the Kindred $700 million and then some dribs and drabs $88 million we just closed on some senior housing with a customer that was a good mutually beneficial deal. So that covers about $800 million of it, and the rest is kind of dribs and drabs to get to the $900 million, and I've already gone over the $1 billion. So that's the capital recycling that we've talked about that really is value creating.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks for fitting me in at the end. I guess I'll just ask a quick one. Just getting back to the slowing of new construction, I wonder is there specific data on maybe markets or how long that takes to get the deliveries, et cetera, just when you would expect that to start showing up in terms of results.
Robert F. Probst: I'd say, one thing to point to is the data we referenced that could suggest some slowing is NIC data, where if you look both for IL and AL at starts, in both cases they are the slowest that we have seen since 2012 to 2014 in that range. So, it's a couple of data points. Anecdotally, around financing would be another one, difficulty in financing, difficulty of lining up construction at a reasonable cost, et cetera, et cetera. So those are some of the facts that would indicate it may be slowing, but it's still early to call that.
Joshua Raskin: Yes, I didn't know if you were seeing anything in your specific markets anecdotally more than the broad NIC data of just saying, okay, here are the markets, and then I didn't know if the $88 million of divestitures, maybe that was related to what you're seeing in certain markets, et cetera.
Debra A. Cafaro: The divestitures were really with one of our customers, their underperforming assets. So we were able to sell those at a fixed yield and increase their cash flow and improve our portfolio. So, everybody was happy. So that was something that was a unique sort of solution that worked for both companies.
Joshua Raskin: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Thanks for hanging in there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Likewise, for everybody.
Todd Stender: Is Todd Lillibridge there? MOB question for him.
Debra A. Cafaro: He is.
Todd Stender: All right. Same-store NOI growth in MOB has picked up a little bit in Q4, got you over 2%. But your outlook for this year would only top out at 2%. I just want to see if you can go through some of the drivers behind your growth expectations. That's part one. And part two is, maybe just touch on the stuff you sold in Q4.
Todd W. Lillibridge : As Bob mentioned, we were within our guidance this past year at 1.3%, at the midpoint roughly, and as we have said, 2017 guidance again really at that 1% to 2% range. And you are correct, we did finish the Q4 on a year-over-year basis at 2%. Our leasing and therefore occupancy was up in Q4 where we got to 92%. So we see a steady year. But again, as Bob mentioned, we do have a bit of a peak in terms of overall renewal activity that we're going to be faced with here in 2017. So, we factored that all in, and again, we feel very comfortable with our guidance for 2017 between 1% and 2%.
Todd Stender: Great, thanks. And then how about what you sold in Q4, any characteristics we can point to where there's single tenant or smaller buildings?
Debra A. Cafaro: Non-strategic assets that we thought we got a really good price for and that were more valuable to the tenant user than they were to us. So, good transaction there.
Todd Stender: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: It's just a quick one. Just kind of given some of this recent news around Brookdale, I just wanted to, could you just talk a little bit again about if Brookdale does kind of end up in play, what rights do you have as a landlord for the company?
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. Okay, so Brookdale as you know is an important customer of Ventas and they are an important industry participant with 80,000 employees and 100,000 seniors that they care for every day. We have a good relationship with them. We have excellent agreements between the companies. And we continue to try to work with Brookdale, as we do with all of our customers, to continue to enhance and improve our mutual businesses.
Tayo Okusanya: But I guess specifically, do you have to approve a transaction or like how exactly will that look if the entire company is being sold?
Debra A. Cafaro: Tayo, how long have you known us?
Tayo Okusanya: I'm just trying to get an answer there.
Debra A. Cafaro: All kidding aside, I mean we care deeply about the success of Brookdale and we will continue to try to work with them as we have with our small disposition deal that we have in the market and as we have with our other customers to try to continue making them a success.
Tayo Okusanya: All right, I had to give it a try.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. With that, I think we're going to close the call. We're going to thank everyone for their patience and we really appreciate your tuning in to hear us talk about our great year and what we hope to accomplish in 2017 on your behalf. So we look forward to seeing you and thank you again for your interest and attention.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Probst - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch  Smedes Rose - Citigroup  Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies LLC  Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.  Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors  John Kim - BMO Capital Markets  Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Chad Vanacore - Stifel Nicolaus  Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets  Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank  Nick Yulico - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 3, 2016 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I’d now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Ryan Shannon with Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Donaman. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company’s announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The company caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied.  Additional information about factors that may affect the company's operations and results is included in the company's Annual Report and Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the company's other SEC filings.  Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company’s supplemental disclosures schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas third quarter earnings call. We are delighted to report on our strong financial results brought to you courtesy of the Ventas advantage, our excellent people, platforms and properties. Today. I'll also discuss our close and pending major transactions and provide an overview of economic and market conditions. Because we've been so productive, there is a lot to cover. Following my remarks, Bob Probst will review our segment performance, financial results and full year expectations. After that we will welcome your questions.  Leading with results, this quarter we delivered a $1.03 and normalized FFO per share, representing 5% year-over-year comparable growth. We also demonstrated capital markets excellence and positive trend in our credit profile. As a result, we are also pleased to improve our full year normalized FFO per share and same store NOI guidance. Our strong and consistent performance is fueled by our market position at the exciting intersection of healthcare and real estate. Two large and dynamic industries with powerful fundamentals and growth prospect.  Recent activities continue to demonstrate that we are executing on our strategy allocating capital wisely and doing what we said, a Ventas hallmark. We have built an exceptional enterprise that continues to deliver reliable growth and income from a high quality, diverse portfolio on a strong balance sheet. Our innovation over the years and especially the spin-off of most of our skilled nursing assets and other development since the third quarter of 2015 have produced a differentiated business mix and put us in a great position for continued success.  Let me highlight just a few of the platforms and property that are driving our positive outlook. First, during the quarter we closed on our exciting and accretive $1.5 billion acquisition of institutional quality like science, innovation and medical real estate leads by top universities, academic medical centers and research companies. Our new tenants include Yale, UPenn Medicine, and WashU. Like other areas of our business, our tenants are market leader accounting for fully 10% of all university life science, research and development spending in the US. This investment represents a great entry into the large and growing healthcare related R&D space.  It adds an adjacent business line to Ventas that further diversifies our portfolio and cash flow. At a 6.8% going-cash yield for the 23 Class A operating properties, we are delighted with the Wexford investment. We are also benefiting from an exclusive development pipeline with Wexford. There are two assets already underdevelopment in the portfolio anchored by Duke and Wake Forest and nine development sites for future growth. We are already making progress on a high profile, potential new development project adjacent to UPenn Medical. This demonstrates the attractive growth opportunity that should flow from combining Ventas' capital with best in class developer Wexford.  Likewise our investment in Ardent has proven to be a channel for growth. Last year during the third quarter we closed our acquisition of Ardent's hospital real estate and articulated a vision for building formidable, high quality hospital business in this large, dynamic space. We chose Ardent as our beachhead investment because it is a winner and potential consolidator with its good hospitals, significant market presence, attractive payer mix, good quality of care and strong margin.  We also design the growth strategy that focus on scaling Ardent's experience management team and strong infrastructure. At that time, we identified some desirable acquisition target and legacy hospital partners for LHP who's at the top of the list because it shared these desirable characteristic. We are now happy to say that Ardent has inked a deal to acquire LHP just like we drew it up on the board. As healthcare premier capital provider, Ventas is fueling Ardent's growth by providing a $700 million secured loan enabling Ardent to acquire LHP. This deal is attractive both financially and strategically for all Ardent partners and shows our continued ability to align with market leaders to support their growth.  Financially, the loan will be accretive to Ventas' 2017 earnings with a going in floating interest rate of approximately 8%. Ardent will remain financially strong and expect to achieve significant synergies. We are happy to say that Ardent continues to perform very well on its base business through the third quarter. Strategically, the LHP acquisition expand Ardent's existing business by 50% making it the second largest privately owned hospital company in the US with annual pro forma revenues of $3 billion and major market share in its diversified location. It also provides Ardent with very valuable partnership with top not so profit health system and academic medical center.  As a result, the LHP hospital enjoys strong brand recognition, clinical integration, good market and favorable payer relationship. We expect the Ardent LHP deal and our loan to close in the first quarter of 2017 subject to customary regulatory and other condition. Ventas is committed to being a positive influence in our industry to maintaining strong relationships with the nation's leading providers of care and to working collaboratively with them to create value. Recently across our business line we made good progress advancing our customers' interest in areas important to them. Here are a few examples. First, we recently reached mutually beneficial agreement to modify our decade long agreement with Sunrise Senior Living. In short, we provided long term stability in the management contract with Sunrise and Sunrise agreed to reduce the management fees we pay under that agreement on a permanent basis.  Other changes to the agreement align the companies towards profitable growth and enable Sunrise and its dedicated on-site employees to focus on providing superior services to seniors and their family. We also entered into a new multiyear pipeline agreement with Sunrise, giving Ventas the right to fund a pool of new Sunrise roundup development. Second, we've also reached agreement with various customers to cooperate with them on modest asset sales or asset buyback. These included the recently completed sale of seven long -term acute care hospitals, or LTACs with Kindred to a new operator. And a pending disposition of 11 non strategic senior living asset with Brookdale. This approach can give the care providers operating flexibility and higher cash flow and also enabled Ventas to recycle capital into attractive development, redevelopment or acquisition opportunities. We are committed to finding way to support our customers' effort to improve their own results and performance in ways that also benefit our portfolio and protect Ventas shareholders. As a result of our portfolio performance and accretive acquisition, we drove good cash flow from operations this quarter too, enabling us to pay our investor a strong and secured dividend of over 4%. We expect our Board to increase our dividend in the fourth quarter of 2016. When we look at the investment market, we continue to see attractive opportunities but we remain highly selective. We focus on deals that would generate reliable cash flow and cash flow growth at an appropriate risk adjusted return. Our capital allocation is also strategic emphasizing sectors with upside and situations like Lillibridge, Atria, Wexford, and Ardent where significant future growth potential exist from consolidation and/or development. Our ability to invest capital across cycle to deliver value to our investors comes from the combination of our advantaged position within fix asset classes or vertical, our strong relationships with market leading customers and platform. And our team hardened experience and skill. The macro environment unbalanced continues to be favorable including GDP growth in the 2% to 3% range and a global thirst for yield that is accelerating foreign investment into US real estate. While the expectation of higher interest rate can initially dampen enthusiasm for REITs and real estate, we are still enjoying the benefit of incredibly low long-term borrowing rate, reasonable job growth, rising household income, low inflation and improving corporate confidence as expressed in surging M&A activity. Hopefully, we will also have certainty about the election soon. All of these conditions should be positive for commercial real estate fundamentals and growth. At Ventas with our need based demographically driven best business, a super track record of consistent reliable growth, external investment opportunities, a terrific credit profile and an advantage business mix, we should continue to thrive.  Finally, the third quarter marked the anniversary of our Ardent deal and the successful spin-off of most of our skilled nursing facility. When I reflect on the tremendous improvement in our enterprise since then I really like what I see. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, we still generate over $2 billion in an annualized NOI. Our assets are higher quality, our business is more diverse, and our cash flow is robust and even more reliable. And most of our business is with the nation's leading care providers and research institutions. And we enjoy multiple channels of growth. We are also lucky to have a best in class team that truly enjoys working together for the benefit of shareholders. Now to talk about our positive quarter, I am happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debbie. The third quarter was represented from the hallmark of Ventas' performance for over a decade. Strong earnings growth and even stronger balance sheet. On the back of that performance we are pleased to update and improve our guidance for both FFO and same store NOI for the full year 2016. Before I get to our overall financial results and guidance, let me start by reviewing the performance of our high quality healthcare and senior housing properties, which together delivered same store cash NOI growth of 2.4% for the nearly 1,200 asset in the company's quarterly same store total portfolio.  Performance in the quarter was led by our triple net lease portfolio which accounts for 42% of our NOI. Triple net reported same store cash NOI growth was 4.2% in Q3 versus the prior year, driven principally by strong in place lease escalations.  Cash flow coverage and our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2016, the latest available quarterly information, was strong and consistent with prior quarter at 1.7x, reflecting the quality of our triple net lease properties and of our operators. Coverage in our triple net same-store senior housing portfolio remains at 1.3x. Coverage trends were driven by low single digit EBITDARM growth at the asset level for the trailing 12 months. Our shareholders continue to benefit from our decision to spin-off the majority of our post acute portfolio in 2015. And SNF now represent only 4% of Ventas' NOI. Cash flow coverage in our stabilized post acute portfolio is 1.9x. This rent coverage level though it declined of 10 basis points sequentially, is still best in class among peers as skilled nursing operators remain under pressure.  Finally, Ardent continues to go from strength to strength delivering continued positive momentum in top and bottom line key performance indicators. Adjusted admission, revenue and EBITDA have continued to trend favorably through the third quarter. With solid year-to-date performance, we expect our triple net segment to deliver towards the mid point of our 3.5% to 4% full year 2016 same store NOI range.  Moving to our SHOP portfolio. Before we jump into results, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on the value senior housing through lens of Hurricane Matthew to South East United States. Our leading operators took every precaution and ensure the seniors in our communities were safe and secure as Hurricane approached, including stockpiling food supplies and fuel for generators. Staff members went above and beyond to make the residence safety their number one priority often staying overnight and supporting sister communities in area. The support that our seniors received before, during and after the Hurricane highlights the value of senior housing. Dedicated staff and resources, peace of mind, safety and security and a sense of community even in the most challenging situations. All of us at Ventas thank our senior housing operator team for their continued skill and commitment to seniors and their families.  Let's turn to the Q3 SHOP results. The framework by which we established our SHOP guidance range for the year continues to hold up well. Our SHOP portfolio delivered a solid quarter generating Q3 same store cash NOI growth of 2% versus the prior year. Rate showed continued strength growing 3.6% in the quarter versus 2015. Additionally, same store occupancy grew 60 basis points sequentially, while the year-over-year occupancy shortfall narrowed to 30 basis points.  Operating expenses rose nearly 5% driven by upward wage pressures, tampered by the lower fees from the new Sunrise agreement. The positive impact specifically of the permanent reduction in Sunrise management fees is approximately $1 million per quarter effective July 1, 2016, and therefore benefited third quarter results. Our key coastal markets such as New York, LA and Boston continue to be the engine room of our overall SHOP portfolio growth in the third quarter. Our high barrier entry infill communities overall represent approximately 70% of our SHOP NOI and grew Q3 same store NOI mid single digit on continued strong rate growth. Also notable was the strong top and bottom line performance in the quarter of our Canadian portfolio, driven by very positive results from Atria' integration of the Canadian assets we acquired in 2014 and from our high quality Sunrise Canada portfolio. Throughout 2016, we have consistently discussed our framework in regards to the impact of new supply on performance. This framework continues to be valid through the third quarter. Our NOI exposure and markets with the new supply surplus continues to represent 30% of our SHOP portfolio. And consistent with the framework and the initial guidance range we established at the start of the year, our same store NOI in Q3 in these communities decline mid single digit in aggregate. When combined with the mid single digit growth from the 70% of our portfolio in high barrier markets, we blend to the 2% overall same store NOI growth in the quarter. We also continue to see the positive growth impact of redevelopment overall on our results. As a reminder, virtually all of our SHOP assets are in the same store pool including redevelopment properties which can both suppress as well as increased same store performance over time depending on stage of completion of the redevelopment.  This is evident in the performance of the small pool of assets in the tertiary markets in the quarter where the disruption from a full scale redevelopment in Cape Code impacted growth. For the full year 2016, we are trending towards the mid point of our full year SHOP guidance range of 1.5% to 3% same store NOI growth for the full year same store pool.  Looking ahead to 2017, we are working in close collaboration with our operator partners as they set the annual rate increases for existing residence for next year. We are encouraged by the continuing pricing power in our portfolio and the clear value proposition of senior housing as Hurricane Matthew demonstrated.  Further, we continue to believe strongly that the leading operators and the best assets will continue to out perform and we like our position. We are excited to round out the segment review with our newly renamed office operations reporting segment, which now includes our medical office business as well as our newly acquired life science and innovation centers. Taken together these new assets now represent approximately 25% of Ventas' annualized NOI. In our supplemental reporting this quarter, you'll be able to find further details behind the office operation segment.  We are pleased with the early performance of our life science acquisition which closed in September. The 23 operating assets are performing well and in line with underwriting. The two development assets are underway are on schedule. And we see exciting growth potential in the pipeline of future new development.  In our medical office business, cash NOI and the 354 property quarterly same store pool increased modestly in the third quarter consistent with our expectations. Third quarter results were driven by rate growth from in-place rent escalations, mostly offset by lower year-over-year occupancy resulting from expected move outs as well as the timing of repair and maintenance spend. We continue to make progress on filling the leasing pipeline. Therefore, for the full year 2016 we expect the MOB business will also trend towards the mid point of our 1% to 2% same store growth guidance range for the full year asset pool. Turing to our overall financial results. In the third quarter, we delivered superior earnings growth and balance sheet strength supported by terrific capital market execution.  First, our earnings growth. Third quarter 2016 normalized FFO totaled $1.03 per fully diluted share, representing 5% growth on a comparable basis over the third quarter of 2015. This strong year-over-year growth was driven by the accretive investment together with the third quarter same store NOI growth. Ventas made over $1.5 billion in new investments in the third quarter of 2016, principally for the 25 life science and innovation centers managed Wexford. During and following the quarter in order to fund Wexford, we issued over $900 million in equity at an average gross price exceeding $73 per share. This included a block issuance in July for approximately $750 million as well as over $175 million of new ATM issuance in the quarter. We also made progress in our capital recycling program, realizing nearly $200 million in aggregate gross proceed during and immediately after the quarter, principally from loan repayments. The company's normalized FFO results in the third quarter benefited by $0.02 per share from receipt of net fee associated with the repayment of loans in the quarter. Our year-to-date share of proceeds from asset sales and loan repayment now totals nearly $275 million. And we have line of sight for the $500 million of full year gross proceeds including in previous and current guidance.  To round out the capital activity in the quarter, we also issued our best 10 year bond in the company's history raising $450 million of 10 year senior notes at an all effective yield of 3.22%. This represented the lowest spread to treasuries and the lowest dollar in 10 year rate in Ventas' history. In addition, the issuance was in very high demand demonstrating strong investor confidence in Ventas' financial strength.  The outstanding capital markets activity during the quarter ensures that our balance sheet and liquidity grew even stronger. The company's net debt EBITDA ratio held steady 5.8x at the end of the third quarter. Our fixed charge coverage grew to an exceptional 4.7x, our debt to gross asset value improved to 39%, and our secured debt to total indebtedness reached 6%.  Let me closed out the prepared remarks with our revised full year guidance for the company. We are updating and improving our full year 2016 normalized FFO per share guidance to now range from $4.10 to $4.13, up from previous guidance of $4.05 to $4.13. An increase of nearly $0.03 at the midpoint. The new guidance represents 4% to 5% growth in normalized FFO over 2015 on a comparable basis. Our improved guidance range is a result of year-to-date portfolio performance, closed accretive acquisitions and excellent capital market execution.  On the heels of positive year-to-date portfolio performance trends, we are also raising the lower end of our total 2016 same store NOI guidance range by 50 basis points. 2016 same store NOI is now estimated to grow in the range of 2.5% to 3% up from the company's previous range of 2% to 3%. Our guidance continues to assume 2016 asset disposition of approximately $500 million. We assume the loan Ardent to fund the LHP acquisition closes in Q1 of 2017 and therefore is not included in our 2016 guidance. No further unannounced material acquisitions, dispositions or capital activity are assumed in guidance.  In summary, the entire Ventas team is pleased with our highly productive third quarter and our track record of sustained excellence throughout 2016.  With that I'll ask the operator to please open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the Sunrise agreement that you modified. It sounds like you had a $1 million reduction in expenses that was fully baked into the third quarter that helped your same-store NOI growth. What did you give them in terms of the incentives, if you could just walk through how that works?
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie, Juan. What I would say about the agreement is that it's a mutually beneficial one where we were able to provide Sunrise with good long-term stability in its management contract for the original term. And we were able to make sure we were really aligned for growth going forward and also we were able to achieve as you said some lower management fees. 
Juan Sanabria: Is there going to be any increased costs if they hit in tenants fees that would offset that $1 million in savings at some point? How should we think about that?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you should think about I'd say very positively which is that we've actually created incentive for Sunrise to grow even more than the old agreements provided for. And if they do, there will be shared benefit to both companies from hitting those goals which are stretch year goals.
Juan Sanabria: And did the management fee go from like a 6% to a sub-4%?
Bob Probst : No. It is not. It is again to percentage decline, you can see on the face P&L 1 through the management fee line, the change is very clear on the face of the P&L, but the $1 million is permanently for a year starting this quarter and carrying on is a good number. 
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just secondly, I think you mentioned some Brookdale dispositions. Could you give us a sense of, A, did Brookdale exit the operations, or did they buy back those assets themselves? And then pricing expectations there -- and were they impacted at all by rent coverage levels at the facility?
Debra Cafaro: Good. So again this is a really good opportunity I think for us to work with our customers and benefit them in a way that also is good for Ventas shareholders. So this is still at the very early stage. It is 11 asset, we've agreed to jointly market those assets with Brookdale. So we would be exiting those assets together and a new operator would take over. And our portfolio would improve, Brookdale's performance would improve as a result but again it's a modest transaction in $20 million plus range. So at the margin but again a good example of how the companies can work together to benefit those sets of shareholders. 
Juan Sanabria: Just one last one from me if you don't mind. On the MOB portfolio, you guys have lagged a little bit. You've had some occupancy headwinds and some pressures from expenses. How should we think about that going forward relative to, I guess the typical 2% to 3% that we generally see?
Bob Probst : Juan, performance of the quarter very much in line with expectations. We talked earlier in the year about significant move out which flatter the first quarter in particular and we have to rebuild that pipeline. We are doing that successfully. We expect to see sequential improvement in our occupancy line as we think about the balance of the year. We talked about reaching the mid point of our one to two point guidance which implicitly is a confident vote in fourth quarter so we feel like we are on track. 
Operator: And our next question is from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is now open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask you as you look at the pace of expense growth at the RIDEA portfolio, was it a little higher because of, and maybe, overtime associated with Hurricane Matthew? And also just as we look forward, what sort of rate increases do you think that portfolio would need to drive in order just to maintain margin?
Bob Probst: Sure. Good question and I'll approach that both sequentially and year-over-year. Sequentially you have a day's difference and you have seasonality, so I wouldn't look at the sequential growth rate because it isn't representative, year-over-year however we have approximately 5% growth in the expense line and that's principally driven by labor. And it is due to factors we talked about before whether that is minimum wage pressures or just a tightening labor market. And so that is certainly something, we are keeping a wary eye on, we've got a price to cover that and that's where -- therefore I come to the importance for example of annual rate letter and really being smart about where you have pricing power and getting the ability to cover your cost through improved pricing. So that is something we are likely to see carry on. 
Smedes Rose: Okay, because I think this year you talked about a 4% rate increase that kind of moved through the system. If the operators are able to push a similar rate increase for next year, do you think that's enough to maintain where you are now, or just to -- I mean it seems like the pace of expenses is higher than that now. So I was just sort of wondering has that maybe spiked a little bit in the third quarter. Or is that truly kind of the run rate going forward?
Bob Probst: I caution using any quarter as representative. There are always ebbs and flows. I think it is safe to say as we talked about early in the year 4% as a good benchmark. We saw a bit of pressure on that in the third underlying drivers of that I think we expect for the foreseeable future in the near term carry on. And so therefore we need to have the smart pricing decision on top of that. That as we think about 2017 is particularly important. 
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then just sticking with senior housing for a second, you mentioned you're exiting some of your Brookdale assets. But would you consider purchasing other Brookdale assets that would be potentially more productive going down the line? I think there are a number of things going on with their portfolio across the different owners.
Debra Cafaro: We have a good relationship with Brookdale and they are one of the largest obviously senior living providers. And we've been doing business with them since 2005. So I would hope that over the years as we have we will engage in lots of different types of discussions with them to grow and to dispose as we just talk about in ways that can be beneficial for both of us.
Operator: And our next question is from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies LLC. Your line is now open.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just want to talk about the Ardent deal a little bit. And again, on a longer-term basis, a couple of things I wanted to understand. Do you have an ability to kind of do a loan to own, and actually own any of the real estate, number one? Number two, is there any risk of Ardent prepaying the loan early, and is there any prepayment penalties associated with that? And number three, what kind of acquisition pipeline does the deal create for you on a going-forward basis?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I love the way you say loan to own, I wish I could say it as beautifully but what we really have committed to in the hospital business and with Ardent is to help Ardent grow and extend their business in a really high quality selective way. And that means of course great market share, great assets and good payer relationship, good mix. And so LHP meets all of those and what we've tried to do is create a bespoke capital solution for the deal that really enabled Ardent to win the deal and will enable Ardent to close the deal. And gives us great optionality as you point out it is a well structured loan, if we get it paid back we'll be quite happy, there are limitation, a lock up period and so on the repayment. And of course LHP has this great partnership with very high quality not for profit system and academic medical centers and in that regard we wanted to be good partners to them. And if they believe over time that there is an opportunity to gain real estate ownership we would be very open to that. But the key is really developing this relationship with not for profit, fueling Ardent's growth and creating obviously a larger rolodex of relationship in for profit and not for profit quality healthcare business. So we are very excited about this and I think it does a lot for us, for Ardent and for EGI.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it, okay. That's helpful. The second question on the senior housing operating portfolio: just taking a look at the quarter results, again, there's some OpEx pressure for sure. What is the -- is this opportunity to get even more aggressive with rental rate increases to kind of offset some of that OpEx pressure going forward?
Bob Probst: Yes. Tayo absolutely and I mentioned earlier the need to understand your portfolio where you have pricing power. This is the time of the year where we are working in collaboration with our operators around the annual rent letter which is an important part of the revenue line for the forward year. And therefore we need to take advantage of that pricing power and the value senior housing which I keep espousing, the value proposition is tremendous and therefore we need to recognize that through that price. So we will be very thoughtful about that as we head into 2017.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then just the last one from me; thanks for indulging me. Just going back to Juan's question around Sunrise. Again, I know it might be difficult to give a lot of details about the changes, whether for competitive reasons or you guys have non-disclosures and things like that, but it would still be helpful to just get a better sense of you guys are getting $1 million a quarter in savings trying to get a better more detailed understanding of what Sunrise is getting that makes this mutually beneficial to them.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for your sensitivity to the situation. I would just say that Sunrise is really getting the ability to have stability in this management contracts for the original term. Again opportunities to align both of our companies towards profitable growth. 
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. But again the term didn't change, so it's not as if they'll now have the management contracts for a longer period of time. It seems like -- I mean did they -- is there some type of promote that they get at a certain point, if they hit certain margin requirements? Or just kind of anything we can kind of get a sense of what is the opposite side of this transaction? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned we've established some positive growth target in the new arrangement and should Sunrise outperform those then we will both mutually benefit. 
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. It's just that it's very hard to try to model this now because something's changed, and we're just not quite sure what that means going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Just be happy. 
Tayo Okusanya: All right, Debbie. All right. Okay. I will let you guys go. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Both Ventas and Sunrise are happy so you can share that. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question is from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Rich Anderson: Thank you and good morning. If I could just finish that Sunrise dialogue, is there any change to the way by which a given contract can be cancelled? Or there are still the same types of covenants involved in terms of their performance?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we basically have modified the contracts to convert single asset right that Ventas has into more favorable but full contract provisions.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Okay. That's interesting, okay. And then would you have produced -- would you have had to reduce your SHOP same-store growth had it not been for this revision?
Bob Probst: No, Rich. Thanks for that question. And I highlighted the fact that we are expecting to hit the mid point of the range for the year. And even adjusting for the benefit of the Sunrise agreement that would still put us right into that guidance range.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then lastly, I am fielding a few questions on LHP and I want to give you the opportunity to respond here. Can you talk about to the degree you know -- their coverage metrics currently, pre-merger with Ardent? There is a perception about their kind of C credit worthiness in terms of their debt costs and what not. If you could give a perspective on why LHP is the great opportunity for Ardent, or if it's an opportunistic investment for Ardent to improve upon what is maybe something at a lower scale than where Ardent is operating? If you could comment on that.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely. So again LHP is extremely attractive because and then we noted that at the very beginning of our deal last year and that's because they have really strong market share exceeding 60% really good margins, really good mix and as I mentioned these valuable partnerships with brand names that give pricing power. And so it is a real gem and in terms of we are looking at 2017 expected performance. And I'll tell you that LHP now is borrowing in the 4s. And so we think that the credit market is understanding the credit worthiness of the company based on that. 
Rich Anderson: Do you have any comment about how they are covering their rents, their existing hospitals?
Debra Cafaro: As I understand it, they only have one aspect and it is performing exceeding well. [Multiple Speakers]
Rich Anderson: One asset it doesn't own I guess. Instead of being rent, maybe talk about interest coverage.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean as we look forward we expect to see very strong coverage of our loan which is at a higher interest rate as well as rent on the pro forma organization. 
Operator: And Our next question is from Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Knott: Hey, good morning. Just to touch again on the Sunrise question, I was just curious if that was contemplated in last quarter's guidance; and just sort of what drove the need to do that arrangement -- redo that arrangement now? 
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned, we have myriad ways at Ventas is working all the time to produce results and cash flow for shareholders and to be a good partner to our customers. And this fits really squarely within that. And our business is very dynamic, it always evolving and we have opportunities all the time if we are wise enough and alert enough to see them to work with our partners whether it is the kind of Kindred LTAC sales that we just completed or the Brookdale deal that we just got launched or this agreement with Sunrise to really find innovative ways that are creative, that are customized, that help both companies achieve the goal that they have. And the Sunrise deal fit squarely within that. 
Michael Knott: Okay, thanks. And then just with respect to pricing power, can you help me understand the difference that you guys are seeing between renewals versus new residents, and discounting, and things like that?
Bob Probst: Sure. It really is the market by market conversation based on the dynamics of that market, Michael. But I can say is if you look at across our portfolio as the rate growth that we had and we saw 3.6% RevPAR growth in quarter. We see growth pretty consistently across the portfolio. And I think in the next data if you do the same you see that rate is up pretty significantly. And we see that in our portfolio. Now there are always pockets where there are exceptions both above and below the average. But I'd say overall we are seeing good rate opportunity. And again the opportunity to carry that forward as we look ahead. So the pricing power is there and it is real.
Michael Knott: So it's not just on the renewal side? You're not seeing increased discounts for new residents? It's fairly balanced, it sounds like you are saying.
Bob Probst: Yes. I mean the revenue line is going to be a function of both moves ins and the annual rate letter on a blended basis, very positive and again it is market by market dynamic but overall across the portfolio we feel good about the price. And that is as you know has been the strategy from the beginning of the year and it is held in very well.
Michael Knott: Okay. And then if I could just ask one more quickly just on your thoughts on allocating capital? Obviously you have a very favorable cost of capital, and you continue to emphasize your discipline, which is admirable. Just curious your thoughts on -- do you expect that you will see more opportunities? Are you thinking about anything on the senior housing side? Just curious if you will -- in general, you expect additional investment going forward as opposed to the last couple quarters? 
Debra Cafaro: We are seeing attractive opportunities and that is one of the beauties of our diversified business as I mentioned with the six vertical. I think over cycles we've consistently seen good opportunities to allocate capital in the right ways, hopefully at the earlier stage of cycle and we continue to see that. I think we look John and his group looks at tens of billions of dollars of transaction every year and this year is no exception.
Operator: And our next question is from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
John Kim: Good morning. I had a question on Ardent or a follow-up on Ardent. So some of the hospitals that have merged recently have struggled with integration, and most publicly Community Health. How should we be comfortable that Ardent is any different with LHP?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. So the hospital market does seemed to be a little bit of tale of two cities and I can't speak for the community deals that they have done which have been large and in the rural to rent, Ardent was a huge consolidator when he was the number two executive at HCA over the years and really started the hospital consolidation craze, if you will. And so we have a lot of expertise, so here at Ventas and also at Ardent and of course with Sam Zell's organization which is the majority partner in Ardent. To make sure that we have a positive integration, we don't take anything for granted and there will be lots of people focus on having a smooth integration. But thank you for that question. 
John Kim: But as far as the leverage post-deal and perhaps synergy expectations, can you just elaborate on what they are for Ardent?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think the synergies are likely to be significant. We would hope to achieve those over a couple year periods with a majority and achieve in the first year. And so we feel really great about that. 
John Kim: As far as the --. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean remember, we are also just so you know to keep this in context, and these are five hospitals. 
John Kim: Right. As far as the loan you provided to them, did they approach more traditional lenders first? And I just wanted to make sure that they were paying cash interest and not PIK.
Debra Cafaro: We paid -- we are a dividend paying company so we like cash payments. So it is cash and it is a floating rate loan and our view on it, it is a market loan, it is attractive for all parties and we were able really to step up and provide a lot of certainty and expertise to EGI and Ardent. And that was I think really beneficial for the deal as a whole. And all three parties I think are happy about it. 
John Kim: Okay. On CapEx, your CapEx as a percentage of FFO has trended down this year by about 100 basis points. I'm wondering where you see that going forward, especially as you've increased your office and SHOP portfolio.
Bob Probst: Sure. Well, certainly as we think about the redevelopment and development pipeline that something we've talked about that we are really excited about. And we get strong risk adjusted returns on that area with the addition of Wexford clearly there is new opportunity there as well. So I'd expect to see those expenditures go up. At the same time on a non recurring type FAD CapEx if you like, I think we've been quite disciplined and maintain the right level of spend to invest in the properties but also being mindful of cash flow. So I'd say it will trend up through those high return opportunities. We step back from it all and look at our underlying free cash flow, we feel very comfortable we can service that. So aren't concerned about the financing. 
Debra Cafaro: I am glad that you've noticed that our FAD is going up because of course that's very beneficial to our cash flow. And also the Wexford assets are very new and so we would not expect to have a significant amount of recurring CapEx on that, 25 assets portfolio. So hopefully that's helpful. 
John Kim: Yes, it is thank you. And then finally, just a follow-up on Brookdale. Can you just discuss if there's an opportunity to reshape your portfolio further with them, either through dispositions or maybe even acquiring some more of their assets?
Debra Cafaro: We are going to have to move on. But like I said we -- our work is never done. And so we continue to work with our customers, with our partners to benefit both companies. So let's move on to the next question. 
Operator: And Our next question is from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jordan Sadler : Thank you. Good morning. As it relates to the Sunrise agreement, is there an opportunity for you guys to I guess roll this agreement out more broadly -- maybe approach Atria with something similar? I guess I don't know exactly what it is that you have done, but can you do what you did with Atria?
Debra Cafaro: Every agreement is customized to the specific situation. We have very positive agreements with Atria and we've now reworked the Sunrise agreement in a way that we feel in sense align growth and allows them to have stability and take care of seniors. So each is unique, I think we have improved the Sunrise situation and we like the Atria situation but it is a customized approach. 
Jordan Sadler : Okay. I guess the nature of my question is, it seems like your agreement is aimed at -- you know, Sunrise has been the beneficiary of the great top-line growth, the revenue growth you have been able to achieve, but doesn't necessarily share as much in the expense growth. And so this agreement seems to maybe help them share a little bit. And I guess I was curious if you would look to do the same thing because you have been getting great top line, but there are expense pressures. So just given the nature of these management agreements, would you try to maybe do that a little bit more broadly with your other SHOP operators?
Debra Cafaro: I mean part of our expertise is really developing these contracts in ways that incent the behavior and outcomes that we want. And in general those types of management agreements do have incentive sharing. And the art is really figuring out under different environment what those levels are and what the percentage sharing is. But in both cases with Atria and Sunrise we have that. And we therefore are aligned towards profitable growth. 
Jordan Sadler : Thanks so much. And one last one on LHP. Seems both these topics are getting a lot of airtime today.
Debra Cafaro: Nice talking about them. 
Jordan Sadler : Okay. Good, good. I'm hoping not to pester you too much. So I'm just curious; you made a comment in reaction to a question or response about a 4% rate that I think LHP were borrowing at. And I was kind of curious about the differential between your loan rate and maybe what they are able to borrow at otherwise in the market.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean as I mentioned LHP is an attractive, they are well capitalized and therefore they have an attractive borrowing rate. We believe the five year floating rate loan that we made to help Ardent acquire LHP is a market loan and is an attractive one at the same time that benefits the consortium of owners that is trying to move Ardent toward being the best privately owned hospital company in the United States. 
Operator: And our next question is from Chad Vanacore of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chad Vanacore: Hi, good morning, all. So just thinking about the structure of the loan to Ardent. Are you going forward more inclined to provide secured financing of this type rather than outright own the real estate?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I am ready. So we are inclined to be the leading premier capital provider to the best healthcare senior housing and research companies in the world. And what we do to do is to customize capital solutions for specific circumstances and help our customers achieve their objective. And in this particular case that evolves the secured loan which has of course been part of our business from time immemorial. So the beauty of our business again is we have multiple vertical, six of them, we have -- we are doing business with the consolidators. We are in a gigantic sector and we can invest at different parts of the capital structure. Whether it was the BMR mezz that we did or this secured loan or sale lease pack et cetera. And that is part of the formula that we've used to deliver reliable growth and income to investors for so long. And so this fits in that pattern. And it was a customized solution. It enabled -- our willingness to step up with this capital enabled Ardent to get this deal with certainty because we provided certainty and so that's why we did it. And I think it provides great optionality down the road. And so we feel very happy about it. 
Chad Vanacore: All right. And from your prior answer to Tayo, I wasn't sure -- it sounded like you don't have a purchase option on a property. Is that true?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have the right to should asset be sold to be the acquirer of those assets. But of course that involves cooperation amongst all the parties should they ever decide to do that. But we are in the right position if that ever comes to path.
Chad Vanacore: All right, so that is a right of first offer?
Debra Cafaro: If they ask then several comes to market, we will be in a good spot. 
Chad Vanacore: All right. You noticed -- you brought up the low end of your same-store cash NOI guidance, but you didn't actually change the individual segment guidance. Can you talk about what gave you more confidence in the overall, if you didn't change the individual segments?
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for noticing that increase. 
Bob Probst: Yes, certainly the confidence in the performance of the portfolio is what's driving that increase. We increased in last quarter as you know, increased it again this quarter. I mean that's just due to portfolio performance overall. And within that each of the segments we identified we think will be at the point and that led us to overall strong performance. So that confidence in year-to-date plus the fourth quarter is why we did it.
Chad Vanacore: All right. Then one last one for me: have you seen any change in cap rates in senior housing back half of the year?
Debra Cafaro: There haven't been a lot of transactional data to look at. But we haven't seen anything significant to comment upon. All right. Let's keep going. We have a few more.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thank you. Real quick on Ardent, how scalable is that platform? And I'm basically trying to get is how big can they get, or how big does Ardent want to actually grow?
Debra Cafaro: Good, good. Well, remember we are talking about a sector that’s a trillion dollars in annual revenues. Over $300 billion in real estate value. So what we've always liked about this business is that it is fragmented, very capital intensive, it is consolidating and we just need to do a little bit to be successful. So those are good characteristics. So look we want to make sure we effectively integrate LHP and it delivers results that we believe it will. But 80% of this market is owned by not for profit and academic medical centers and so we like this additional entrée into that community which of course Todd has had his whole career as well. So we like that aspect to it. So I think over time we want to build suite set of formidable high quality hospital business. And that's a long game. But the opportunities are quite large. 
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. And then Bob on the SHOP results was there more of a focus on improving occupancy this quarter, as the rate jumped up about 60 basis points sequentially? Or was that just a seasonal impact?
Bob Probst: Well, sequentially we saw a nice increase that seasonal typical this time of a year. But also narrow the gap year-on-year which was encouraging to us. And is consistent with what we've talked about last quarter. And so again very much in line with what we had or trade a quarter ago. 
Operator: And our next question is from Vincent Chao, Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Good morning, everyone. Maybe just staying with the hospital opportunity, we talked about potential in Ardent, but I'm just curious how focused you are on potentially adding new hospital operator partners versus tapping the Ardent opportunity.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I would say that, again, while the opportunity is large we are going to remain selective. And in this business we care deeply about who the managers are. And so we do have multiple ways we can grow this business. I think it's a great advantage to try to scale Ardent in the way we have some of our other businesses because you are capturing those synergies and so on. And so that really helps a lot but over time, I'd imagine like our other business lines that we will have a multiple opportunities to grow with potentially multiple partners. 
Vincent Chao: Okay. Is there anything you can comment on -- I think you said that the business is doing well, but just any comments you can make on sort of admission rates that they are seeing at Ardent?
Bob Probst: Yes without specific numbers I think if you look across the board and their key performance indicators green is what you will see, positive trends through the third quarter consistently through the third quarter adjusted admissions, revenue, EBITDA are three highlighted and so a lot of momentum this revenue is going from strength to strength and that's what we are seeing in our business. 
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks. Just one last one, just going back to the same-store discussion: on the triple net side, it does seem like the midpoint would suggest acceleration from the third quarter. Kind of was just curious if there's anything specifically that you know about that's going to cause that to move higher? And then I think, if I recall correctly, there are some larger than normal escalator deals in there that would roll off at the end of 2016. Is that right?
Bob Probst: In terms of the growth rate in the fourth quarter, I think you will see it looks and feels very much like what we saw in the third to get to that full year number so not anticipating anything unusual. 
Debra Cafaro: And also true that at least one of our triple net escalators has early year outside escalators and that the last one of those would be in the fourth quarter of this year. Yes, it would revert to more normalized level. So all right one more. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Hi, everyone. Just going back to this Sunrise question, I want to be clear. Is the actual base management fee being reduced, or is it only a change to the performance management fee?
Debra Cafaro: The base is being reduced. 
Nick Yulico: Okay. And, sorry, did you quantify what the percentage amount was or the sort of benefit is from an expense standpoint?
Bob Probst: I just gave a million dollars per quarter number so you can back-of-the-envelope that based on the revenues in the P&L.
Nick Yulico: Okay. All right, thanks. And I guess just lastly, just a bigger-picture question for you, Debbie, is how you're thinking about senior housing exposure overall. We are getting later in the cycle; occupancy seems like it peaked a year ago. Supply is having more of an impact. If you go back to sort of the big debate of five, six years ago, it was whether it made sense to take a lot of operating exposure in senior housing or just stay with triple net. It feels like we are now past the period of outsized growth in operating, and maybe triple net is going to outperform. So how do you think about managing your overall senior housing portfolio? Are you looking to maybe sell some assets, reduce some of your operating exposure? Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Well, we believe in balanced and diversified portfolio that over time again will deliver reliable growth and income as it has I would say that in our senior housing operating portfolio which is about a little bit more that a quarter of our business, we have enjoyed tremendous growth as you point out and it is really some of our best assets in the best market. And so we like owning those assets. They will go through normal cyclical activity, but at the end of day in all the assets we owned whatever structure we own them in, the asset have to perform and grow and product EBIT arm growth over time. And so we really like our spot. We like the diversification. We can always modify kind of at the margin or wholesale as we did with SNF business. But on balance, we really like the diversification of our business and also the quality of our SHOP portfolio. 
Nick Yulico: Thanks. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for being patient. And to everyone on the phone, if you are still there, thank you for joining us today. We sincerely as always appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to seeing you at NAREIT. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon – Investor Relations Debra A. Cafaro – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Probst – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Michael Bilerman – Citi Nick Yulico – UBS Kevin Tyler – Green Street Advisors Rich Anderson – Mizuho Securities Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets John Kim – BMO Capital Market Chad Vanacore – Stifel Nicolaus Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2016 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I’d now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Crystal. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company’s announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions, and statements are based on management’s current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the company’s other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company’s supplemental disclosures schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas second-quarter earnings call. We are delighted to be here with our colleagues to report on our strong results from our diverse, high quality portfolio, discuss our pending investment in life sciences and medical real estate, and provide color on macro trends. Following my remarks, our CFO, Bob Probst, will review our segment performance and financial results, and walk through our full-year guidance before we welcome your questions. We have great momentum at Ventas. Building off our superior properties, platforms, and people, we extended our long track record of excellence this quarter. If you invest in Ventas for reliable growth and income on a strong balance sheet, then this is a good quarter for you. Leading with results, we delivered $1.04 in normalized FFO per share, representing 7% year-over-year comparable growth, and we remain on track for 3% to 5% normalized FFO growth this year. We were opportunistic and access the debt and equity capital market, again demonstrating our commitment to financial strength and flexibility, as well as our expertise in capital markets activity. As you know, we love cash flow because it enables us to reinvest in our business and pay you a dividend. Our strong and secure dividend yield of nearly 4% is very attractive and has plenty of room to continue to grow. Our strong performance is fueled by our market position at the exciting intersection of healthcare and real estate, two large and dynamic industries with powerful fundamentals and growth prospects. Within this attractive space, our incredible team has made strategic decisions and executed our strategy with sustained excellence. As a result, we have differentiated our portfolio and our company, benefited our shareholders, and shaped Ventas for continued success. Recent examples of our disciplined capital allocation moves include our successful spinoff of most of our skilled nursing business and our entry into the large, growing hospital space with Ardent, both completed last year. The elevation and evolution of our business continued this year with our recent deal to announce to acquire $1.5 billion in high quality, life science and medical real estate operated by best-in-class developer, Wexford. We believe the Wexford deal is both financially and strategically attractive. With a going in cash yield on stabilized assets of 6.8%, it is a wonderful fit with our goal of delivering reliable growth and income through cycles. This investment represents an accretive institutional quality entry into the large and growing healthcare driven research and development space. It adds an adjacent business line that further diversifies our portfolio and cash flows and adds a large component of private pay NOI to our business mix. The powerful combination of attractive properties, superior platforms, and outstanding people creates the Ventas advantage. All three are on display with the Wexford deal. The 25 Wexford properties we will acquire are new, Class A assets that are environmentally advanced and architecturally appealing. I hope you will go to our website for a property tour to see this portfolio. The assets are also well leased to highly rated, top-tier universities, academic medical centers, and research companies, including Yale, UPenn Medicine, Washington University, Duke, and Wake Forest. Like other areas of our business, our prospective tenants are market leaders. The universities in our portfolio account for fully 10% of all university life sciences research and development spending in the U.S. That is an outstanding way to enter a new space. It was really fun to travel up and down the East Coast with Ryan recently, visiting these hotbeds of academic and commercial research, cutting-edge medical activity, innovation and education. The Wexford acquisition also creates another superior platform for Ventas growth. The Wexford team has a terrific reputation within the sophisticated tight-knit community of elite universities. Demand is increasing as universities face difficult decisions about capital allocation. In this environment, combining Ventas’s capital with a trusted developer who can deliver complex projects that benefit leading institutions should be a winning formula. We have an exclusive pipeline for growth with Wexford with two assets under development coming online in 2017 and nine development sites available to satisfy growing demand in research hubs anchored by leading universities. We already have identified one potential new development project adjacent to UPenn Medical, which could get greenlighted soon. We are hopeful we can grow the business like we have with Lillibridge and Atria. The Ventas people and culture will once again truly exceptional in the Wexford deal. We have always admired the Wexford business and have worked on it many times in the past. So when we were recently presented with the opportunity to acquire it, we were a knowledgeable buyer with an incredibly fast, sophisticated and interdisciplinary team. With our deep knowledge of the business and assets, substantial trust among the players, a good structure, and accommodative capital markets, we were able to execute with excellence. If less is what happens when preparation meets opportunity, then Ventas is lucky indeed. Hats off to the team and thanks to the many Ventas investors who participated in our Wexford equity funding in July. We sincerely appreciate your support. Next, I would like to comment briefly on the investment market. We are remaining highly selective as we consider investment opportunities in the current market. Our cost of capital has improved significantly, but we will only execute on deals we believe will generate reliable earnings growth at an appropriate risk-adjusted return. Thus, our focus continues to be on committing capital to high-quality hospitals, helping our customers grow and funding selective development and redevelopment projects. With the addition of Wexford, we expect our capital allocation to pre-lease university-based development projects to represent a larger percentage of our investment pie. We believe strongly in our ability to invest capital across cycles to create value for our investors and customers. This confidence flows from the combination of our advantage position within five and soon-to-be six asset classes, our relationships with market-leading customers and platforms, and our team’s hard-earned experience and skill. Before closing, it is worthwhile to spend a few minutes on the macro environment. In the healthcare arena, we see an acceleration of the transition to value-based payment models. Just this week, CMS announced that it will layer on additional mandatory bundling for cardiac care in 2017. This and other developments support our thesis that hospitals are beginning to exert even more influence and post-acute patient care and class, and that revenue streams for skilled nursing providers will likely remain under pressure in the near-term. In the longer term, diversified post-acute care providers like Kindred who can deliver quality care in a variety of settings, maintain a sound capital structure and adequate liquidity, and enjoy the benefits of scale should have a competitive advantage. From an economic and market standpoint, we are benefiting from multiple tailwinds that favor our business, including domestic GDP growth that continues to hover in the low single digits; a global thirst for yield; the creation of a new REIT global industry classification; and historically low long-term borrowing base. In this environment, U.S. real estate and Ventas should thrive. With our need-based, demographically driven business model, a superb track record of consistent reliable growth, external investment opportunities, a best-in-class per credit profile, a differentiated business mix that is 84% private pay, and a secure, nearly 4% dividend, Ventas should continue to be a magnet for investment dollars. Now, to talk about our positive quarter, I am happy to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debbie. I am pleased to report solid earnings growth on an even stronger balance sheet in the second quarter. Let me jump right into the performance of our high-quality healthcare and senior housing properties, which together delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 3.5% for the nearly 1,200 assets in the company’s quarterly same-store total portfolio. Performance in the quarter was led by our triple net leased business, which accounts for 43% of our NOI. Triple net reported same-store cash NOI growth was 6.2% in Q2 versus the prior year. Growth in the quarter benefited from a $3.5 million cash fee associated with the previously announced collaborative agreements between Ventas and Kindred. Excluding the Kindred fee, triple net same-store cash NOI grew 4.1% in the quarter, principally reflecting strong in place lease escalations. Cash flow coverage and our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2016, the latest available quarterly information, improved 10 basis points sequentially to 1.7 times. This strong coverage level reflects the quality of our triple net leased properties and of our operators. Coverage in our triple net same-store senior housing portfolio remains stable at 1.3 times. Coverage trends were supported by low single digit EBITDARM growth at the asset level for the trailing 12 months. Our decision to spin off the majority of our postacute portfolio in 2015 continues to be validated. Our remaining postacute portfolio where SNFs now represent only 4% of our NOI demonstrated market leading same-store cash flow coverage at 2 times in Q1 of 2016. Finally, Ardent triple net coverage held steady at 3 times and continues to perform well at the assets. Ardent showed positive momentum in top and bottom line key performance indicators in both the first and second quarters. With the strong first half of the year and the majority of lease escalations now in place for 2016, we are pleased to update our forecast for the triple net segment to grow reported full-year same-store NOI in the range of 3.5% to 4%, an increase of 75 basis points at the midpoint. We are happy to report another solid quarter in our SHOP portfolio, generating Q2 same-store cash NOI growth of 2.1% versus the prior year. This result is right in line with our expectations and reflects our most challenging year-over-year comparison period in 2015. The framework by which we established our SHOP guidance range for the year is holding up very well in both the second quarter and the first half of the year. And with the first half now under our belt, we have performed at the higher end of our guidance range with H1 growth of 2.5% versus the prior year on a reported basis. In the second quarter, as expected, our rate-driven strategy continued to fuel our earnings with RevPOR growth of nearly 4%. Our high barrier to entry infill coastal markets continued to be the engine room of our overall SHOP portfolio growth in the second quarter. These communities, which represent approximately 70% of our SHOP NOI, grew Q2 same-store NOI mid-single digits on continued strong rate growth. Major coastal markets, including New York, LA, and Boston, continue to drive consistently outstanding growth in both rates and NOI in the quarter and the first half. In select markets, we observed the impact of new construction coming online within our relevant trade areas. In these communities, same-store NOI posted low single digit declines in aggregate, driven by occupancy and wage pressures. Again, this performance is consistent with our framework for the approximately 30% of our SHOP portfolio located in markets with a new construction surplus. Construction as a percentage of inventory in our trade areas as reported by NIC increased in the quarter by 40 basis points to 4.8%. Importantly, however, the amount of our SHOP NOI that is affected by new supply remains at roughly 30%. We have observed that a significant number of projected openings as reported by NIC have been delayed into 2017, and that anecdotally financing and completing new developments may be getting more challenging. Overall, we are pleased with our SHOP performance through the first half of the year. We are, therefore, raising our full-year guidance for SHOP reported cash NOI in the full-year same-store asset pool to grow in the range of 1.5% to 3%, up from our 1% to 3% range previously communicated. Strong rate growth on lower year-over-year occupancy led by our high barrier to entry markets is expected to fuel this NOI performance. Let me close out the segment review with our MOB business, which represents 20% of Ventas’s overall NOI. MOB cash NOI in the 353-property, quarterly same-store pool grew nearly 1% in the second quarter and increase 2.3% in the first half. Both the second quarter and the first half benefited from in place rent escalations and continued cost productivity from the Lillibridge platform, partially offset by lower occupancy. For the balance of the year, we are actively filling the leasing pipeline to backfill budgeted moveouts and to cover increased repair and maintenance costs expected in the back half of the year. For the full-year 2016, we continue to forecast the MOB segment will grow same-store cash NOI for the full-year asset pool in the range of 1% to 2%. Turning now to our overall financial results. This was a very busy and productive quarter for Ventas. In the second quarter, we generated strong FFO growth, reduced refinancing risk while capitalizing on favorable market conditions, and further strengthened our credit profile. First, our earnings growth. Second-quarter 2016 normalized FFO totaled $1.04 per fully diluted share, representing 7% growth on a comparable basis over the second quarter of 2015. This strong year-over-year growth was driven by the carryover impact of 2015 investments, including Ardent, together with new year-to-date investments in 2016 and second-quarter same-store NOI growth. Ventas made $65 million in new investments in the second quarter of 2016, including $30 million of acquisitions, and $35 million of development and redevelopment spending during the quarter. We strengthened our balance sheet in Q2 through the issuance of a total of 3.5 million shares of common stock under our ATM for gross proceeds of approximately $232 million. We also capitalized on the strong debt capital markets and took refinancing risk off the table in the quarter. In June, we tendered and ultimately retired in full the $550 million 1.55% senior notes maturing in September 2016. The September note was retired principally through the issuance of a $400 million, 3/8 seven-year unsecured note. Demand for Ventas’s debt offering was very high with the order book 7.5 times oversubscribed. As a result of this cumulative capital activity during the quarter, we have an even healthier balance sheet and excellent liquidity. The Company’s net debt to EBITDA ratio improved from 6.1 times at year end 2015 to 5.8 times at the end of the second quarter. Ahead of our expectations. We have lowered gross debt by nearly $300 million since the beginning of the year. Our fixed charge coverage is exceptionally strong at 4.6 times, and our debt to total capitalization is outstanding at 30%. And we did not stop there. Following the quarter end, we elected to lock in our attractive return and accretion on the Wexford acquisition through a block equity issuance. Concurrent with deal announcement in early July, Ventas sold 10.3 million shares of common stock for total proceeds of $736 million at an issuance price of approximately $72 per share. We plan to hold the proceeds in cash until the Wexford closing. The temporary FFO cost of this strategy is $0.01 a month, notably dampening our Q3 FFO per share assuming a Q4 Wexford closing. We believe the short run dilution of pre-funding is more than offset by the longer-term value creation of this strategy. And that is a good segue to our full-year guidance for the Company. We are updating our normalized FFO per share guidance for 2016 to a range of $4.05 to $4.13, representing 3% to 5% growth over 2015 on a comparable basis. Put simply, the modest $0.02 revision from previous guidance reflects paying $4.00 for the certainty that comes with the Wexford equity pre-funding, as well as Q2 deleveraging, partially offset by the accretive impact of Wexford post-close. Our second FFO per share guidance is expected to be lower than our first-half results, driven by these same factors. Setting aside capital activity, our underlying same-store portfolio performance is solid. On the heels of a healthy first half, we are raising the bottom end of our total 2016 same-store NOI guidance range by 50 basis points. 2016 same-store NOI is now estimated to grow in the range of 2% to 3%, up from the Company’s previous range of 1.5% to 3%. Our guidance continues to assume 2016 asset dispositions of approximately $500 million, inclusive of $75 million in dispositions closed year-to-date. No further material acquisitions, dispositions or capital activity are assumed in guidance. In summary, the entire Ventas team is proud of our productive and strong first half of the year and is committed to sustaining our track record of excellence. With that, I will ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Juan Sanabria from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Bob Probst: Good morning.
Juan Sanabria: Debbie and Bob, maybe you could speak a little bit about EBITDA growth expectations. Your guidance at the midpoint does seem to imply a bit of a deceleration, and maybe if you could just talk about the confidence level within the new range and how you are seeing your rate strategy playing out? It appears to be working in the primary markets, but any change to how that is working out in the other 30% of the secondary and the tertiary markets.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. We will be happy to address our senior housing operating expectations for you.
Bob Probst: Sure. Well, first of all, we are very pleased, Juan, with the first half. As I mentioned, we expected to have a strong first half and we did, and it really has been fueled by the interim I keep referring to, because of the key coastal markets like New York, like LA, like Boston, which have continued to grow mid-single digits. On the back of that, as you referenced, the rate-driven strategy you see the strongest rates and NOI growth in those markets, and that is very much as expected. So we are really pleased with that. At the same time, the construction impact, again, very much in line with the initial guidance we gave in February and the framework we put around that. Indeed, the impact of the new units coming online is on the better end of the guidance that we gave in February. And as a consequence, net, net, net when you step back and look at the portfolio in the first half, 2.5% growth above the midpoint of the guidance towards a higher end. So we feel very good about the first half, and that is the core reason why we are raising the guidance for the back half of the year. The reason for the range continues to be very consistent with that framework of engine room performance continuing to drive forward a potential variability depending on the impact of new construction. And that is the reason for the range in the back half. But, fundamentally, the confidence in the guidance is solid.
Juan Sanabria: And do you expect the growth to accelerate or decelerate looking at the third and into the fourth quarter?
Bob Probst: Well, look, I think you can see a scenario of, if you stick to what we had in the first half, to get the higher end, again, as we were in the first half. So the lower end of that will be dictated by supply, and the big question is, when are those new units coming online? What does that look like? One of the things we have seen and others have commented on is deferring new units coming online into 2017. That would obviously be good. That gives more time for absorption of existing inventory. And if that were to happen, we expect to be at the higher end. But it really would be a function of when that inventory comes online and what the impact is.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, just a second question on dispositions, you still have a share on that left to do relative to the guidance. If you can give us any color on what tax for that, that’s you are looking to sell and maybe why the death of the buyer pools and cap rate expectations? And are you looking to monetize any of those assets in the weaker secondary or tertiary markets?
Bob Probst: Sure. So we have $500 million in the guidance for the year, as you readily pointed out, $75 million year-to-date. We feel very confident in that guidance for the year. The markets are good. We have said before and it continues to be true the focus areas include MOBs, some senior housing, and potential loan repayments, and we have line of sight very much for the guidance number of $500 million. Obviously, back-end weighted, so it has an impact in the back end. But feeling good about that guidance number.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Bob Probst: Next one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smitty Ross from Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: It is actually Michael Bilerman here. Debbie, I was wondering if we can talk about Wexford, and you commented having worked on it sometimes and having a lot of knowledge. And so when you are presented with it, you were able to act fast, and you called out three variables that ultimately led you to win: the trust that you had with the other parties, the structure that you presented, and then commented as capital markets. And I recognize stars have to align for any deal to occur and you have said that before. How would you rank those three variables as we think about other transactions that could happen? So how important is the capital market side versus the trust that the seller has and the structure that you are creating? How would you weight those and rank them?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, one of the biggest factors, as I mentioned in my remarks, Michael, is that, do we believe that we are entering at a good risk-adjusted return and that the assets are going to produce reliable growth and income? So that is the number one factor in all deals, definitely. And obviously, our funding costs are critical because we are here to add value for shareholders. And so appropriate capital markets is extremely important, and I would say, having a good relationship with Blackstone and the Wexford management team is a helpful facilitative factor in the transaction as well. And the structure is always I would say a helpful factor, but normally it is not this positive. It is really those cash flows. And here, when we look at Wexford and these are new assets or Class A assets and about three-quarters of the NOI is from tenants who have investment-grade ratings, have billion-plus market cap, have AA rated or universities. That, to us, is a really good risk-adjusted return when you are looking at 10-plus a year length of lease maturities. And so everything came together, I think, in a really positive way. The fact that we have looked at the deal before, I think, really shows our discipline and patience, and that is really how we operate here. And so we are very excited about it, and I hope that answers your question.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, no, it does. And I was wondering, how would you debate – there has been some that have sort of compared this to some of the core life science markets where cap rates are in the 4s% to 5s%, and then taking it one step further, if Wexford came in at high 6s%, it has to be lower quality or there has to have much higher risk involved in that portfolio because it is commanding a cap rate that is significantly in excess of where stuff in Cambridge or South San Francisco would trade. How do you defend some of that criticism?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I would say the following. The Wexford business is a very institutional business. It matches incredibly well with the Ventas business model. And I do think that there is a natural segmentation, frankly, between this part of the business and the Cambridge, et cetera, cluster market strategy. I would say to you that the reliability of these cash flows is extremely high, and they will produce this reliable growth at income that Ventas prizes and that our investors prize. But it is a different game in Cambridge, really, and there’s excellent players like Alexandria and Blackstone who will invest in those 4% or 5% cap rate markets and deal with the turnover and all of that. But Wexford fits with the Ventas business model. And that is really the key thing, and it is a very reliable, consistent growth in income with institutional tenants and even cross-selling opportunities with medical assets as well. So that, I think, if anything, the deal is just a good one for our shareholders, plain and simple.
Michael Bilerman: Great. And just last one for me. Can you talk a little bit about the Ardent pipeline and where you stand now that the managers are under AIG and where do they stand in terms of growing the platform with you as a capital source? When we should expect additional acquisitions there?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, as you know, we are big believers in the growth opportunity in our hospital business. We are really happy with the Ardent investment and the Ardent management team. It is performing very well. We have said all along that this is a big, long-term secular opportunity, and we want to build a great business here. We have also said we are going to be very selective and we are. We want high quality with all the characteristics that we’ve talked about over and over again, and we think we can scale this Ardent business. But it is a business where we will stay selective and, therefore, difficult to predict when transactions will meet the hurdle and we will have something to announce. But, really, we feel optimistic about the opportunities and feel really good about the Ardent investment and, hopefully, more to follow at the appropriate time.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico from UBS. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Good morning. I had a few questions on your senior housing operating segment. If I look, your portfolio has been kind of steadily losing occupancy quarter by quarter over the last year, which suggests you probably can hold rate growth high forever. So you also cited supply being an issue for 30% of your portfolio. So I guess I am wondering, big picture here, how does senior housing growth get better in coming years? It seems like it should be getting worse.
Bob Probst: Well, Nick, if I step back, big picture, I will emphasize again the value proposition of senior housing. We are bullish on senior housing. Short, medium, long-term, because when you look at the services that seniors get in senior housing communities, economically to replicate that at home is twice as expensive. Not to mention the social benefits of being part of a community, which are proven to be enhancing and extending life. And, therefore, there is a great product offering here where affordability – importantly, we have affordability, if you look at net worth among seniors, affordability of senior housing is not negating issue. They can afford comfortably on average to enter senior housing. So that, together with, of course, the aging population, the megatrend of longevity, has a huge tailwind to this business, give me and us confidence in that business. Now, within that, as you rightly point out, we have been driving a rate strategy in light of that value proposition. We think that is a smart move that really is very much predicated on the annual rent letter. And that increase we saw this year, which was among the highest we have had, has held nicely and is proving out to be a good strategy. At the same time, we are being sensitive to the occupancy impacts, and this is proving out to be a good formula. One that will be dynamic, though, and we will make sure we are managing well because it is a more complex equation between rate and occupancy. But, nonetheless, again, we like where we are. The strategy is proving out very much in line with where we expect it to be, and then short, medium, long-term, this is a great business.
Nick Yulico: Okay. That’s helpful, Bob. Just a follow-up is, I think you had said that – you have been saying that your second quarter was one of your toughest comps. And I wasn’t sure if that was due to occupancy or otherwise, but if I look at what you had over 91% occupancy in the third and fourth quarters last year, it seems like you also have some tough comps in the back half of the year. So maybe you can just explain how we should be thinking about your guidance and what it assumes four – I don’t know – I forget This has been mentioned yet, but occupancy, whether it is sort of declining year-over-year, if that is built into the guidance in the back half of the year.
Bob Probst: Right. Okay. So looking at the guidance for the year in the back half, what we expect to happen is we narrow the gap, if you look year-over-year, in terms of occupancy relative to the first quarter to the second. That is still lower than last year. We hope to continue to narrow that gap at – on a full-year basis, occupancy will be below prior year. However, rate, we continue to expect will be strong and to hold with where we are, and that is really important in part to cover costs. And, therefore, the paradigm of the P&L is one where revenue growth very much in line with expense growth to deliver the guidance we gave for the year. So that is the P&L profile. I think if you look within construction markets, you will see a different dynamic where we still see rate growth, albeit not as strong, and you do see some occupancy pressure. And so for that 30% of the portfolio, you do see a slightly different P&L. But again, because of the engine room, it is more than offset by the key markets to deliver the overall year.
Nick Yulico: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Tyler from Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Kevin Tyler: Yes. Good morning, thanks. The triple net assets, the customer growth I guess that I expect from those more in the 2% to 3% range and you reported 4% in the quarter because of the Kindred fee, it didn’t seem like there was a ton of role or any role in the portfolio, and I know you mentioned escalations. But can you just explain how you got to 4% and maybe why it is running, at least so far this year above the normalized pace?
Bob Probst: Sure. I will highlight a few things. One is, we mentioned the Kindred deal that we did in April, which, as part of that, you will recall, we reallocated rent to more productive assets. We saw that in the second quarter. That is a same-store benefit that contributes to the 4% and will continue to do so as that rent, again, was reallocated to assets that could sustain that given the strength of those assets. So that is one driver. And then, second, we have a couple of higher escalators. We have talked about holiday, for example, in the past in the senior housing business, which we are seeing the benefit of, again, also expected to continue into the back half when we look at it. So in place escalators, notably with a few significant drivers, are really what is underlying that, Kevin.
Kevin Tyler: Okay thanks and holiday rolls off this year, correct?
Debra A. Cafaro: Our last 4%-ish escalator is in 2016, yes.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thanks. And then, within the triple net bucket, Ardent is certainly a part of that, and CMS was out with some hospital quality star ratings. And just on some quick numbers that I looked at, it looked like the average star rating for Ardent was kind of in the 3 out of 5 range, and I am just wondering how you think about that number, just in general the ratings, but then 3 out of 5 going forward, does it change revenue? Does it have any impact on the way people make their decisions? We are early, but I am just curious thoughts on that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Oh, I am so glad you asked that. That did come out this week, and if you eliminate the 20% of hospitals that were not rated and you look at the percentages, Ardent performed well above average and, in fact, in its markets, performed better than the competition. So we were pleased with the outcomes. I know that the management team there is focused ultimately on certainly having everything 3 and above and, ideally, everything in at least a 4. But that is a rarefied air. So we were happy with Ardent’s performance and particularly in its market that it is outperforming the competition on quality ratings.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thanks. And then, the last one I had, Bob, just going back to SHOP for a second, on the other more tertiary markets, the 500 bps of occupancy decline was higher than I would have thought. And I am just wondering, is there anything more than just supply, or is it really supply specific? Its sounds like you are attributing most of it to the new competition, but is there any operational missteps or anything operator specific that might be in there as well?
Debra A. Cafaro: Kevin, because we are very transparent in almost all – virtually all of our SHOP assets are in same-store, there is a redevelopment asset that is bringing down that number, which is the principal driver as it goes through significant redevelopment. And, of course, redevelopment can both suppress as well as over time increase same-store performance. So that is what is really happening there.
Bob Probst: And it is such a small pool, Kevin, that it really stands out on the page. And we saw the opposite to Debbie’s point last year where we had a ramp-up in one of the redevelopments that really flattered that segment. So you will see ebbs and flows in that bucket simply by size.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It is a tiny pool
Bob Probst: Redevelopment is a very small pool.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It is a tiny pool
Kevin Tyler: Okay. I guess I was under the impression that most of the major redevelopment was on the Atria assets in SHOP, but is there more going on beyond that? Is that what you are…
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that is an Atria asset in SHOP.
Kevin Tyler: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro: It is in Cape Cod, which is considered by the MSA nomenclature to be a tertiary market.
Kevin Tyler: Got it. Okay. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Debra A. Cafaro: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, Rich.
Bob Probst: Hi, Rich.
Rich Anderson: Great quarter. Is the risk of a SHOP going negative off the table now as you see it today? SHOP NOI growth; same-store NOI growth.
Debra A. Cafaro: Our guidance would certainly suggest so.
Bob Probst: The math of the guidance, Rich, would say it is going to grow in the back half, and certainly our experience in the first half supports that. Again, because of the quality of the high barrier to markets in their momentum. So that is why we raised the lower end of the full year.
Rich Anderson: I’m thinking further out, though, disruption 2017, 2018, anything. I mean, so that is the conversation.
Debra A. Cafaro: We will be excited to give you 2017 guidance as soon as we can.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Debbie, do you have an opinion today as you see it, if the new cardiac bundling programs would be more or less damaging to the skilled nursing business versus CJR?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that is a loaded question. I would say you wrote an interesting note on that. And I did mention that the value-based payment – the transition to value-based payments is accelerating with the addition of this new cardiac bundle that is going to be mandatory in, I think, 98 markets in 2017 on top of the CJR. We don’t even know what markets the 98 are yet, and so there is a limited amount of clarity we can provide. But overall, the bundling initiatives, which will continue to come as part of the evolution of the healthcare system, in general, should favor high quality hospitals, and, while longer-term may present opportunities for the winners in skilled nursing, in the near term will likely create some pressures on the business. In terms of quantifying it, again, too early to say on the CJR because we have only been in it since April.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Fair enough. And then last question for me on Wexford. So you mentioned 10% market share. So you expect to just traffic in that corner of life science, a.k.a. university type business, or do you see yourselves also kind of trafficking in the more conventional space like the research hubs of Boston and San Diego and so on?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, one direct answer and one clarification. We are focused on building the university-based institutional part of that business, which is really Wexford’s core business, and they are far and away the leader in that market. So a great brand, trusted developer, and we believe there is opportunities there to grow that business and have some on the drawing board now, as I mentioned. And that is really where we are going to focus. And the clarification is that these 11 universities that we are already doing business with in the Wexford portfolio – so 11 universities that are tenants, they account for 10% of all university life science R&D spending, which is amazing when you think about it, that this pool of tenants that accounts for 10%. So our strategy will really be to grow with those leading research universities and then, also, kind of target the next 20 or so institutions in terms of research and development. So we think we can grow with the tenants we have, and we have those development sites, most of which are in those markets. And then, we also have additional institutions that are top- tier research universities that we would hope to grow with as well.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Just one quick one. Do you ever intend to bring in the management function as well, like you have with Lillibridge and so on and fully run it, or are you satisfied with the current structure long-term?
Debra A. Cafaro: We are actually pleased with the structure, and we have a great example of that in our PMB relationship in medical office. Because it is really a really high quality development platform that we have exclusive relationships with to fund and own preleased premier projects like the Sutter building in California that we are building in downtown San Francisco. So we see Wexford very similar to that, and we think it is a great structure that works for both sides and has worked well for us in the past.
Rich Anderson: Great. Thank you very much.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
Jordan Sadler:
. :
Debra A. Cafaro: It will be, again, yes, similar to what we have with PMB and very straightforward, which is, when Wexford has projects, we will work on them together. We have the exclusive rights to fund and own them on market terms.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So each asset would be negotiated, individually.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we would expect to have, like we do with PMB, development profits in the deals that we would do with Wexford.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So that infers that the returns would be better than the stabilized cap rate that you guys paid for the in place portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, yes, but, of course, if it were fully preleased to a AAA credit, I mean, that would be one thing. And if it were – it is just like any other type of deal that you look at. It will be market based, and we will gain the benefits of a substantial amount of the development process.
Jordan Sadler: So you would buy something that was non-stabilized and let them lease it up, like if it had an anchor tenant, for instance.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, honestly, it is like everything else. From example, we are developing this premier MOB in downtown San Francisco that is anchored by AA rated credits that are held, and we make a decision on that with X amount of pre-leasing based on our expertise, knowing that that – and this is why the businesses are very similar. You have strong institutional support from AA rated institutions for a big component of the building, and that anchor tenant drives the demand for the building to fill in the spaces that are not preleased by that institution. It is exactly parallel. And so every deal is different with PMB, and every deal will be different with Wexford. But we are very excited about the prospects and, as I said, have some things on the drawing board that we think are very attractive.
Jordan Sadler: And how does the Wexford portfolio in that business rollup within the organizational structure at Ventas? Is that going to be under the MOB Lillibridge umbrella or other?
Debra A. Cafaro: It will be its direct line
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you. One clarification. And this – on the SHOP portfolio, REVPOR it sequentially looked like it was flat or maybe down a little bit. Is there anything going on in that? I know that the increases in the portfolio and rate came through, I think, in the first quarter, but anything that would have driven it to be flatter as opposed to rising?
Bob Probst: Yes. It is flat, as you say, sequentially and up approximately 4% year over year. The big benefit of the rate bump happens in the first quarter where the majority of the increase comes. And then if you look at – typically, you will see some small drift from there, just to the dynamic of move-ins and the acuity associated with that. So I wouldn’t really read into anything there. Jordan.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. Okay.
Jordan Sadler: It’s great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Carroll: Yes, Thanks. With regards to the Wexford platform, Debbie, I know you highlighted several near-term development opportunities that you guys are tracking. But how many projects that you comfortable pursuing at once with that platform right now?
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, Mike. Like everything else, it will be a function of what is available and will be opportunistic, and we will – we are a large company. I mean, we are a $36 billion, $37 billion company. So if anyone project is $100 million, $150 million, I think we could certainly manage multiples at one time, assuming we think that they meet our risk-adjusted return expectations. So I like the idea. Unlike a big office building, for example, you’re going to have basically uncorrelated assets under development at one time. You might have one with a Washington University or one with a UPenn or something like that, and so this would be uncorrelated. But we are large enough and have the financial strength and flexibility to do multiple projects at one time.
Michael Carroll: And given the growth prospects that you are tracking right now, how big do you think you can grow that platform over the next three to five years?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we want to be reasonable about the expectations. We are very optimistic about it, but we would imagine that in five years, it could be anywhere from 1.5 to 2 times. We have certainly scaled the Atria and Lillibridge businesses. But it is always a function, again, of what the opportunities are presented and whether they meet our capital allocation discipline and whether we think they are going to make money for shareholders.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. Then, the last question, can you give us additional color on the Company’s investment outlook outside of Ardent and Wexford? I mean, what is your specific strategies right now in the MOB in the senior housing spaces?
John Cobb: This is John Cobb. I see, we have been very disciplined on how we have approached it. We have looked at the hospital space, like you said. We have looked at now the life science space with Wexford. But we’re also focused growing with customers, and you saw the three deals this past quarter. We did two deals with Lillibridge and one with PMB, and we are focused on growing with our customers and doing some development and redevelopment.
Michael Carroll: So then the MOB and senior housing investments will be more smaller transactions with your existing relationships?
Debra A. Cafaro: It depends on the opportunities. Of course, we want to help our customers grow. We want to be help them do tuck-ins and fill in markets and so on. And, in addition 
Bob Probst: Yes. I think if we saw a Class A portfolio that had – where we had a Ventas advantage, we would be aggressive, if it made sense for us and our customers.
Michael Carroll: Great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Market. Your line is now open.
John Kim: Thanks, good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, John.
John Kim: Last year and again today, you made a very solid case about hospitals becoming a big opportunity for your Company, and then you sort of pivot with the acquisition of Wexford. Can you elaborate on how difficult it is to source high-quality hospitals, especially when you are competing against the communities and HCAs of the world?
Debra A. Cafaro: We feel very optimistic about the longer-term opportunities to scale Ardent and build a high quality hospital business. The sector is gigantic. It is a $300 billion-plus space. It is consolidating. And, importantly, I truly believe, in my nerdy University of Chicago way, that assets will flow to the most efficient owners and that we are in such an efficient owner with significant expertise. And so I feel very confident about it, and we are working hard on it. All investments are really based on opportunities set, though, and we have said over and over that in the hospital business in particular, we will be selective on quality. And so the thesis remains intact. In fact, it continues to be very exciting to us, and it is really a matter of time, I think, which is a little bit more unpredictable. But we feel good about it.
John Kim: Okay. And then in terms of dispositions, can you comment on what you are seeing in terms of pricing in the private market? Historically, healthcare REITs have been price setters, and it seems like this year your cost of capital has improved, but you are also being a little bit more disciplined. So what are you seeing as far as the private market buyers?
Debra A. Cafaro: Heck, we have always been disciplined. There is a deep market with new entrants who, once you invest in medical office and senior housing, they are very financeable assets. And the good thing, as you point out with our cost of capital and just our overall strength of our business, is that we are sellers by choice. So what we are trying to do is create options in terms of sale and continue to refine our portfolio and do some routine capital recycling. And so I think that is all to the good. And so we feel right on track with our guidance and feel confident about the market for those assets.
John Kim: I may have missed this, but did you provide a guidance on cap rates on your dispositions?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, it really depends. As I said, we are sellers by choice, and so we have a pool of opportunities that we can decide whether to do or not. And so the cap rates will depend on what we decide to ultimately pull the trigger on in terms of disposition.
John Kim: Okay. And then, a final question on your SHOP guidance. Today, we got a weak GDP print of just 1.2%, which is good for your share price, I suppose, but probably challenging for the environment overall fundamentals. What happens to your strategy if we enter into a zero growth or recessionary environment, and is that factored into your guidance at all?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. We are in a relatively Goldilocks environment for REITs in general, I would say, and for Ventas in particular as I mentioned. We have been in this slow growth in the U.S. economy for a while, that what I would say is that in the financial crisis and recession, senior housing was the only real estate asset class that continued to show positive NOI growth. Our business – our guidance is based upon a continued low single digit GDP growth. However, what I would say is, because of our long- term leases, if you look at the kinds of things we are doing with Wexford, if you look at our business mix and our business model, we have inelastic demand, growing demographics, long-term leases with escalations, where our business really should and has in the past in recessionary environments, continued to produce reliable income, and I would expect that going forward.
John Kim: Agreed. But the last recession you were mostly triple net, and this time around you have a higher percentage of operating portfolio assets. So I’m just wondering in this – if we enter a recession time this period, how confident are you that that part of your portfolio is going to be resilient?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think resiliency is exactly the right word, and I think that what Ventas continues to offer to investors, which is highly valuable, is a very protected downside on cash flows with significant upside from internal and external growth. And that is more valuable now than ever.
John Kim: Great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. Okay. We have time for a couple more
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chad Vanacore from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Chad Vanacore: Hey, good morning all.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning.
Bob Probst: Good morning.
Chad Vanacore: So, looking at your SHOP portfolio and digging a little deeper, it looks like there is a much greater decline in the secondary markets. Now, would you classify those as higher candidates per disposition, or would you expect those operations to turn around?
Bob Probst: I think if you step back, there is a strong correlation, as I describe our engine room markets versus those that have some construction exposure, there is a high correlation between primary and secondary markets. Now the performance you see in the secondary market does have a number of those supply challenge markets in it. Witness Indianapolis and Knoxville, for example, to take a couple specifics, whereas the primary markets I talk about in New York and LA and Boston all the time, clearly those aren’t primary.  If you step back, I think from a portfolio point of view, that is a little bit of an artificial segmentation that is really NIC driven. We step back and like our portfolio and are looking at ways to be able to, for example, help Atria continue to drive operational excellence, help invest behind that, help them build scale, and even in some of these markets, we continue to see that we gain share in those markets because we have great assets that are run really, really well. So it is not a matter of reacting to the here and now, but thinking about how I can grow short, medium, and long term, and we have not only the assets but the operators to do that.
Chad Vanacore: All right. So not really candidates for disposition. You think that those operations will turn around.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, everything is a candidate for disposition. And, as I have mentioned with the portfolio that we have, we want to continue to think about where we can optimize the portfolio, where we can recycle capital, and we want to optimize that. And so we review the portfolio on a regular basis and think about the best ways to create pools of potential disposition candidates, and I would say SHOP and MOBs are in that pool, along with loan repayments, as Bob mentioned. And so I would just think about it that way.
Chad Vanacore: All right. And then, I forgot – either Michael or Jordan had asked about priorities for acquisitions. I might have missed that. Would you say hospitals first and foremost and then some life science expansion, or how would you rank order your assets priority?
Debra A. Cafaro: n no specific order, I would say, as John mentioned, helping customers grow and being a good partner, development and redevelopment, which will be with Wexford, with Atria, et cetera, with Sutter, and PMB and then putting capital to work, supporting Ardent’s growth within the hospital space. So those are key capital allocation priorities.
Chad Vanacore: I don’t want to make you choose amongst your children, but where do you think the most compelling returns are right now for you?
Debra A. Cafaro: I am not going to choose between my children. So let’s take that another time, and we will go to our last question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Tayo Okusanya: I will try not to hold us up for too long.
Debra A. Cafaro: You are bad and cleanup, come on it’s a good one.
Tayo Okusanya: A quick one just around Wexford on financing. I know we have the equity bit in place. How should we be thinking about the debt piece of that transaction?
Bob Probst: Well, there’s is two pieces to that equation. One is certainly debt and the other are dispositions, both of which are going to cover the balance. So we did obviously do $750 million on the pre-funding, and the balance will be split between those two.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it. Any sense of timing when our long-term financing will be locked in?
Debra A. Cafaro: About the time of the closing, which we estimate to be in the fourth.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. Perfect. And then the second thing, Debbie, what are your thoughts right now just around the UK in general, especially on the senior housing side?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have a very small investment in UK senior housing. The assets are performing as we expected. We like our partner there. We continue to look at opportunities in the UK. The regulatory and operational environment there has been challenging for the operators, and so we are continuing to do work, and that is how we feel about it. We like our investment. It is small. We are glad we have a presence in the market that enables us to be opportunistic and knowledgeable as I mentioned before, so that is how we are thinking about it.
Tayo Okusanya: When you see the regulatory side has been challenging, can you expand on that a little bit?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, there’s new staffing roles rules and things and enforcement activities of that staffing that have increased costs, and the operators are getting kind of up the curve on that. And that is what I mean.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. Great. You guys keep fighting the good fight. Well done.
Debra A. Cafaro: We care about our investors, and I would just like to close by saying that we know that demand for healthcare and senior housing products and services is going to increase exponentially as people live longer and our aging population grows. With our diverse high quality portfolio, our leading platforms for growth, and our cohesive team, we believe that Ventas and our shareholders will benefit from this wave of oncoming demand and increasing life expectancies. We really appreciate your time and interest in our Company, your continued support of the Company, and nothing makes us happier than making money for you. So, thank you, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Head of Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert Probst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Nick Yulico - UBS Securities Chad Vanacore - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2016 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Whitley and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now turn the conference over to your host for today, Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Whitley. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure referenced on this conference call and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Ryan and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the Ventas first quarter 2016 earnings call. We are delighted to be here with our colleagues to discuss large trends fueling our business and report on our strong first quarter results from our diverse high quality portfolio. Following my remarks, Bob Probst will review our segment performance and financial results before we welcome your questions. On the heels of a productive and value creating 2015, we started our year off strong. Building off our advantaged properties, platforms, and people, we extended our long track record of excellence this quarter. We generated normalized FFO per share of $1.04, representing comparable growth of 7%, versus the fourth quarter 2015. And we are right on track to deliver our full-year expectations of 3% to 5% comparable normalized FFO per share growth, despite projected net asset sales and resultant modest deleveraging in the back half of the year. We are well positioned over the short-term and long-term to capture opportunities and continue to grow cash flow and value for our investors. Our strong positioning is based on the decisions we made and actions we took in 2015, particularly the CCP spinoff and our acquisition of Ardent, large macro trends that favor our business, our financial strength and flexibility and our well covered dividend with room to grow. Let me address some of these factors. We are excited to do business at the intersection of two large and dynamic industry with powerful fundamentals and growth prospects. Both healthcare and real estate represent nearly 20% of our nation's GDP. Our $1 trillion healthcare real estate market is fragmented and continues to be ripe for consolidation. We are still in the early stages of asset migration from private to public [indiscernible], given that only 15% of healthcare and senior housing real estate assets is owned by REIT. Over time, Ventas' excellent diversified platform should be a magnet for asset flow. Our long-term growth prospects are also supported by the increasing demand for healthcare and senior living products and services, created by a large and growing ageing population. Longer life expectancies increase the need for health and senior care and seniors have immense spending power and wealth. Our assets and operators will be the beneficiaries of this wave of oncoming demand. Turning to the upcoming change to the global industry classification standard, making REITs a standalone GIC. We anticipate that this change should attract more capital to our industry over time. At Ventas, we believe our size, leading position in healthcare and senior housing, track record of disciplined capital allocation and excellent team, make us attractive to generalist investors. Honestly, if I were a generalist investor, looking at GDP growth of 0.5% in the first quarter, corporate profits declining for three consecutive quarters and global weakness, Ventas looks incredibly attractive. We have a 4.7% dividend yield with room to grow, significant liquidity, a BBB+ balance sheet, diversified business model, high-quality assets, an impeccable track record of consistent growth in income over cycles, opportunities to grow externally and powerful increasing demand from consumers for our real estate. To my mind, that's a compelling value proposition. So, whether there is a new GIC or not, why wouldn't you want to own Ventas. That said, we are obviously focused on our core REIT investors, who are crucial to our continued success. And we will continue driving to deliver outstanding results for all of our stakeholders. As we look at our company, we also like our positioning with a diversified, balanced and high quality portfolio, generating 83% of our NOI from private-pay sources. Our outstanding SHOP assets are located in highly attractive markets, with strong home values, median income and seniors population growth. In our MOB portfolio, 88% of our NOI is affiliated with investment-grade hospitals and HCA. And 96% of our NOI is on campus or affiliated with leading healthcare systems and hospitals. Finally, Ventas' entire portfolio is advantaged, with only 4% of our NOI derived from SNFs, who are adapting to evolving payment models and upcoming RAC audit. Ventas enjoys a strong presence across the five verticals, in each case doing business with the nation's leading providers. This exposure and expertise enables us to invest capital across cycles to create value for investors and customers and fund operator consolidation. Although, the vast majority of our NOI is from private-pay sources, I do want to note that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or CMS, recently announced its proposals for fiscal year 2017 Medicare reimbursement rates. In general, Medicare rates for different government reimbursed asset classes are slated to increase by varying percentages, subject to previously announced initiatives or other offsets. We view the proposals as in line with our expectations. On that note, we recently reached positive agreements with Kindred on our long-term acute care or LTAC portfolio to better position it for success. Our agreements contemplate disposition of seven LTACs and retaining full rent under our master leases with Kindred. This is just one more example of our long-standing collaborative relationship with Kindred, where the companies have repeatedly found innovative ways to create value for both sets of stakeholders. So, with our portfolio performing well, our liquidity and balance sheet strong, our customers leading their industries and our team aligned and efficient, we are continually looking for ways to create additional value through investment activity that delivers good risk-adjusted returns. As we have for the past several quarters, we are being highly selective in picking our spot, as we consider investment opportunities. Our focus continues to be on committing capital to high quality hospitals, funding our selective development and redevelopment projects and helping our customers grow. We also have found some intriguing investment opportunities in superior real estate at different layers in the capital stack, such as our recent investment in a secured junior loan tranche of Blackstone's core life science assets, principally in Cambridge, San Diego, and San Francisco. In the acquisitions arena, we see a very deep and active financing investment market for MOBs with interest from a variety of investor categories. In senior housing too, we see aggressive activity from private equity and pension funds among others, even when communities are in areas with significant construction starts. However, the deal size in senior housing has been trending towards the smaller end of the spectrum. In hospitals our efforts continue to gain traction as more providers and their constituents are interested in the benefits that our capital can bring to their organizations. Our conversations with hospitals and health systems have been accelerating and broadening. So, I have complete confidence in our role as the leading capital provider in our five asset classes, and our team's ability to capture opportunities and grow cash flows and value for our investors. However, as you know, the timing and volume of our future investment activities are not subject to precise prediction. In closing, for almost two decades, we have used the Ventas advantage of superior properties, people, and platforms to translate the powerful forces of consolidation, demographic demand and dynamism in the large healthcare and senior housing real estate market into consistent growth, income and value creation for our investors. And today, as we stand at the corner of healthcare and real estate, we are well-positioned to continue doing so. Now to talk about our positive quarter, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CFO, Bob Probst.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Debbie. I'm pleased to report a strong first quarter for Ventas, which included solid same-store growth, 7% comparable normalized FFO per share growth, and even stronger balance sheet. I'm equally pleased to reaffirm our full-year guidance for 2016 of 3% to 5% comparable normalized FFO per share growth. On that note, let me first discuss the performance of our highly productive portfolio of nearly 1,300 diversified healthcare and senior housing properties. Same-store cash NOI growth for the company's total portfolio for the first quarter was 2.9%, excluding certain items in the respective 2016 and 2015 periods, and 1.7% on a reported basis. Turning to our first quarter 2016 segment level performance, starting with SHOP. Our SHOP business performed well in Q1. Our reported same-store SHOP portfolio increased 2.9% for the first quarter of 2016 over 2015, which is at the high-end of our 1% to 3% full-year guidance. This reported performance was delivered, despite incurring unanticipated real estate tax expenses of $1.2 million in the current quarter, relating to prior-years. Without these expenses, same-store SHOP NOI growth would have been 3.8%. Our intentional rate-driven strategy, as well as the quality of our portfolio was visible in the quarter with same-store REVPOR growth of 4.7% in Q1 2016 versus prior-year. The aggressive rate increases had an impact on occupancy, but resulted in overall strong revenue growth of nearly 4% in the quarter. Adjusting for the aforementioned property tax charge, operating expenses grew in line with revenue and margins held steady. Consistent with our full-year guidance, our Q1 performance was led by the engines of growth in our high barrier-to-entry coastal infill locations. Our core markets represent more than 70% of our SHOP portfolio NOI. NOI in these markets increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the first quarter. Within these key markets, New York, Los Angeles and Boston posted particularly strong results to start the year. We did see the performance impacting Q1 of new units coming online within our relevant trade areas in select markets. As expected, NOI from communities in these markets declined low single-digits in the quarter in aggregate, driven by occupancy pressures. Encouragingly, based on the latest NIC data, new construction as a percentage of inventory across our SHOP portfolio declined 10 basis points sequentially to 4.4% in Q1 2016. Our framework by which we evaluate and quantify the NOI impact of new construction in 2016, shared on our last earnings call in February, has held up very well this year. We affirm our full-year guidance for SHOP 2016 reported same-store cash NOI to grow in the range of 1% to 3%. From a phasing point of view, the second quarter 2015, generated our strongest NOI delivery last year, and hence is our most challenging comparison period in 2016. For the full-year, we project continued strong rate growth on lower occupancy levels versus prior-year with growth fueled by the continued momentum in our core markets. Next, I'll cover our triple net lease assets, which account for 44% of our NOI. Triple net reported same-store cash NOI was roughly flat in Q1 versus prior-year. The first quarter 2016 results did not contain $5 million in fee income we received in the comparable 2015 period. Adjusting for this item, triple net same-store cash NOI grew 2.9%, reflecting customary rent escalations. Cash flow coverage in our overall stabilized triple net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2015, the latest available quarterly information, was stable at 1.6 times. Coverage in our triple net same-store senior housing portfolio remained strong at 1.3 times with solid low single-digit trailing 12 month EBITDARM growth at the assets. Our deliberately constructed post-acute portfolio, partnered with industry leader Kindred, now represents only 12% of Ventas' NOI, post the CCP spinoff. Our same-store post-acute cash flow coverage remained a strong 2.0 times in Q4 2015. Finally, our Ardent triple net coverage held steady at 3.0 times, with solid performance across nearly all key performance indicators continuing into 2016. We are pleased to raise our triple net full-year reported same-store guidance by 50 basis points to 2.5% to 3.5% growth. Our Q2 and full-year cash NOI will benefit by $3.5 million in lease modification fees, without loss of rent from the recently announced Kindred LTAC deal Debbie mentioned earlier. Let me close the segment review with our MOB business, which represents 20% of Ventas' overall NOI. MOB cash NOI in the 270 property same-store pool, grew 4.2%. First quarter 2016 results, benefited from an early lease termination fee with net value of $2.3 million. Adjusted for this item, MOB growth in Q1 was 1%. Q1 revenue grew as a result of a modest rate increase on in-place rents, partially offset by lower recovery income, and occupancy declines, driven by the aforementioned early lease termination. NOI benefited from cost productivity in the first quarter on the heels of a mild winter. We continue to forecast the MOB segment will grow reported full-year same-store cash NOI in the range of 1% to 2% in 2016. We expect a softer second quarter, then to trend higher in the back half of the year as we fill budgeted vacancy. We remain confident in our valuable MOB business and the Lillibridge platform. Turning to Ventas' overall financial results; I'll refer to our results on a comparable basis, which adjust all prior periods for the effects of the spinoff. First quarter 2016 normalized FFO, totaled $1.04 per fully diluted share, representing 7% growth on a comparable basis over the first quarter 2015. This strong year-over-year growth was driven by the carryover impact of 2015 investments, including Ardent, together with new investments in the first quarter and same-store NOI growth. Ventas made approximately $150 million in new investments in the first quarter of 2016. In addition, the company funded nearly $40 million of development and redevelopment projects during the quarter. To fully equity fund these new investments, since our year-end 2015 earnings release in February, Ventas opportunistically issued a total of 1.6 million shares of common stock under our ATM for gross proceeds of approximately $100 million at an average price of $62.30. Year-to-date, Ventas has issued 3.3 million shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $190 million. Ventas also continued its asset disposition program, selling seven properties thus far in 2016, for an aggregate sales price approaching $70 million. As a result of these deliberate steps, the company's net debt to EBITDA ratio improved sequentially to 6.0 times; now within our five times to six times targeted range. Further, fixed charge coverage is exceptionally strong at 4.6 times, while debt to total capitalization approximated 34%. Finally, we're pleased to affirm our guidance to deliver 2016 normalized FFO per share in the range of $4.07 to $4.15. This range represents the comparable normalized FFO per share growth rate of 3% to 5% over 2015. We also affirm guidance for total company same-store 2016 cash NOI to grow in the range of 1.5% to 3%. Our guidance continues to assume 2016 asset dispositions of approximately $500 million, inclusive of dispositions closed year-to-date. We intend to use the net proceeds to reinvest in approximately $200 million of incremental acquisitions and also to reduce debt. Our guidance therefore assumes further modest reduction in leverage below the 6.0 times net debt to EBITDA observed at the end of Q1. With the strong 7% increase in normalized FFO to start 2016, we expect that further leverage reduction, asset sales and refinancing activity over the balance of the year will bring the full-year FFO per share growth to our 3% to 5% guidance range. We have assumed no additional material acquisitions, dispositions or capital activity in our guidance. In summary, the entire Ventas team is proud of our strong start to 2016 and confident in our prospects for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thank you. Hey, Bob, can you talk a little bit about the 30% of senior housing assets in the SHOP that's going to be impacted by supply? And has that competition already come online or is that weighted in the back half of this year?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Carroll: Good morning.
Robert Probst: Hi, Mike. Thanks for the question. The framework you referred to, just as a reminder, is the one we laid out in February, which attempted to quantify the impact of supply where we talked about 70% of our portfolio, which is in equilibrium or better in terms of supply/demand and 30%, which potentially has a supply surplus. To answer your question, the first quarter really, we think proved out that framework very much in line. As I mentioned, the 70% engine grew mid-single-digits, very much in line with our expectation. The 30% did have an impact, it declined at a low single-digit rate. Again, very much in line with guidance provided in February. So, performing very much as expected and that is with units coming online. So, we are seeing units coming online. That began about Q3 of last year and will continue basically through the year, as per the NIC data. So, very much consistent with what we told you.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then does that unit coming online, is that going to ramp up throughout the year? Is it going to remain consistent kind of just stable pressure?
Robert Probst: Well based on the NIC data, our observation is things tend to get pushed out, as you look at the openings. It looks to be fairly steady over the balance of the year. But also continuing into the first two quarters of 2017 based on that data.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great.
Robert Probst: But no big...
Michael Carroll: And then Debbie, can you...
Robert Probst: Go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. And then, Debbie, can you talk a little bit about the life science investments? I know that this is property type that you've wanted to get into for a little while now. Is this just a single opportunity or do you see other opportunities in the future?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Thanks for asking. We think our life science investment is a great investment on a standalone basis. A great sponsor in Blackstone and this was the core kind of best of the biomed real estate, this tranche of the financing. So, regarding life science, I think we've been very consistent for five years in our thoughts, which are that it is a good asset class, it's only 5% of the pie. And so, under the right circumstances like we found here, if there is an opportunity to make a really good investment we'll do so. But, it's not a must-have like we articulated about the MOB back in 2008, 2009, which is almost 40% of the $1 trillion pie.
Michael Carroll: Great. Thank you guys.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Robert Probst: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Juan.
Robert Probst: Hi, Juan.
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to ask around the same-store guidance. So, you bumped to triple net and I think you said that's about 40% of the portfolio. Is there any message there with expectations for the rest of the portfolio maybe skewed to the lower end of the guidance or should we not read into that anything?
Robert Probst: Yeah. Juan, I wouldn't read anything into that. We called out the key driver of that triple net increase was really the Kindred LTAC deal that Debbie referred to, which for the triple net segment has an impact to raise. But, overall it doesn't materially raise the range. So, the guidance stays as is therefore.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Great.
Robert Probst: Go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: And then the second question just – you kind of hit on in, in your prepared remarks, Debbie. What do you think the impacts will be for the industry of the RAC audits? I know there is a history in the hospital business where you are now more involved in, kind of what are your expectations? How this could evolve and impact coverage levels and/or the operators?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, the RAC audits were recently announced, they are called recovery audit contractors, who come in and sort of look at the billings under Medicare. And as you mentioned, that process has occurred over time with hospitals who are well through that including inpatient rehab, but it's new to post-acute. And I think that you may see some impact either from operators, perhaps more conservatively coding and you may see some impact as you saw in [indiscernible] some years ago, where there are some objections to billings either past or present and that can have some impact on cash flows or EBITDAR. From our standpoint, we believe that Kindred, who is our principal post-acute partner, is very well positioned. The services that Kindred provides are clinically mandated and approved and it has a really good infrastructure to – that is ready – because obviously, it's been in the [indiscernible] business as well, that's ready to deal with the RAC audit, so we feel good about that.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. Good morning. Debbie, I was wondering, if you can just spend a little bit more time on the biomed investment, in terms of, did you do that by just buying it directly from the banks? Were you sort of involved with Blackstone in taking a slice or making that investment at a 10% yield? And then I had some [indiscernible] I just want to understand the – where you came in, at what level and where your sort of partners are at effectively?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Well, we have a great relationship with Blackstone, who we admire greatly. And we also have a good relationship with your firm that was involved in the financing. And so, this was really an opportunity that was presented to us that we think is a great risk-adjusted return in a pool of assets that were very, very prime as a segment of the biomed business and about which we had a lot of knowledge and information to begin with.
Michael Bilerman: And so, where are you within the capital stack? The 10% is a little bit higher, so I don't know if you bought the bonds at a discount or if you're just at a higher tranche in the cap stack?
Debra Cafaro: We're at a – I would call it a lower tranche, we're in the high-70%s kind of loan to cost, so very attractive there. But at the lower end it was bought at par.
Michael Bilerman: And then have you had any discussions with Blackstone at all? And clearly, you mentioned you had a lot of information. I can't remember if you're company A, B or C. But at some point, has there been any discussion about, is this a potential entry to buy assets, buy a portfolio and maybe a swop and do a larger transaction at some point?
Debra Cafaro: Wow, you have an overactive imagination. But I like it. I would say that, this is a good standalone investment that we made with a lot of expertise that my partner John Cobb has in the debt market and with our friends at both those firms. So, you should just think of it as a great standalone investment.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. And then just one last one just on SHOP same-store, it was up 3% in the first quarter. You really didn't change the outlook for the year. And so, I don't know, if you just expect decelerating or is it just more conservatism or is there something that we should think about within the SHOP portfolio going forward that would impact those numbers?
Debra Cafaro: Well, Bob will answer. But again, the guidance is on a reported basis, and so – Bob?
Robert Probst: Right. And on that basis, we delivered 2.9% in the quarter, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah.
Robert Probst: Therefore at the high end of the range, we're holding the range at 1% to 3%. So, certainly you could see consistent growth across the quarters to achieve that high end. The range is really dictated by the impact of supply, which we talk a lot about. And should those trends continue as we saw in the first quarter, we would be pushing towards that higher end, but the range is there for a reason.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico: You talked about private equity institutional investors having strong demand for seniors housing. What are your thoughts about potentially selling some of your non-primary senior housing assets which seem to be underperforming? And would you be interested in that? What type of pricing you think you might be able to get on that?
Debra Cafaro: Well, first of all, we do believe in having a high quality portfolio, and having diversification and balance in that portfolio. And that includes markets, asset types, et cetera. So, as we look at our normal capital recycling in terms of dispositions, I think senior housing is one of the areas that we would consider having in that pool and we've said that. And we're constantly checking the market and constantly reviewing our portfolio for the best candidate for capital recycling.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then just one other question I had was on Holiday Retirement. When you made that investment back in – what was it, 2013 – there were some, I think pretty big initial escalations in the rents I think close to sort of 4% or 5% for several years. Can you talk about your comfort in being able to still get those escalations? I recognize it's not a gigantic time for you, about 3% of NOI. But still there has been some management turnover at Holiday, there has been declines in coverage as reported by one of your competitors out there who has a portfolio with them. And so, what I'm wondering is, if we should be confident that you can continue to get that extra straight-line rent benefit in your FFO there?
Debra Cafaro: So, yes, we did buy a Holiday portfolio. It's a high quality one. It was one of the earlier more curated portfolios that Fortress put out there. We did structure it well in, in a way to get 4.5% escalators in the early years, the last one of those is in 2016. And we would expect over time that portfolio to, A, on the rent side go back to more normalized level, and over time to grow into normalized coverage. So, the new CEO I think has some great ideas. I think the portfolio in general in the company at Holiday had a good start to the year. And so, we feel fine about our rent and feel good about it.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chad Vanacore of Stifel. Please proceed.
Chad Vanacore: Hey, good morning, all.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Chad Vanacore: Just think about your MOB portfolio and the $2.3 million lease termination fee. What percent of NOI was the tenant that terminated their contract? And has that tenant been replaced or you're going to have to work back through it sounds like?
Debra Cafaro: What percent of total MOB NOI was that tenant?
Chad Vanacore: Yeah.
Robert Probst: It was about 1%, roughly of the total. I think it's a little bit of a complex story, just from a timing point of view. And then in the quarter, we had the lease termination fee benefit, which drove the 4.2%. But obviously that tenant left and we need to therefore replace that tenant to see the timing issue of having to replace that tenant. And the occupancy decline you saw sequentially was really described by that tenant in total. So...
Debra Cafaro: Just like office.
Robert Probst: Yeah. Just like in office. So, you'll see that, and we highlighted that second quarter impact of that. And then as we fill that back up, you'll see the benefit in the back half.
Chad Vanacore: Okay. And does that lease termination fee cover what you would have gotten until the end of the year and that's why you haven't accurately changed your MOB same-store growth profile?
Debra Cafaro: We quoted the net benefit, net of the rent, we would have received in the period. I think the lease would have expired prior to the end of this year.
Chad Vanacore: Okay.
Robert Probst: And it was in our budget when we came into the year. So, therefore, in our guidance.
Chad Vanacore: All right. And then, how should we think about changes in your portfolio pro forma for the changes in the Kindred leases? Like what's going to happen to Kindred rent coverage post the transactions?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Good. So, thanks for asking about that, because we were trying to count here how many good deals that we and Kindred have done together over the last, however, many years, and I think it was eight years or nine years. And this most recent one is a good example of how both the companies have elevated and improved their portfolios through – over time as we've engaged in these transactions. So, what we've said is, we have strong coverage now at [indiscernible] times in our post-acute portfolio. When you look forward, we've kept all the rent, we would expect to exit seven of those LTACs. And of course, we have changes in reimbursement in the LTAC sector starting to come into play in 2016 in September for Kindred. And so, when you look at all that net-net-net, we would expect a temporary 10 basis points to 20 basis point impact on coverage as we work through and then normalizing as we come out of LTAC patient criteria.
Chad Vanacore: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: So, that's the net effect of a whole series of things. But this single transaction I think is a great way for both of us to position that LTAC portfolio to succeed.
Chad Vanacore: And, Deb, what percentage of NOI do LTACs represent for you? And how does that change pro forma?
Debra Cafaro: It's about 6%. And since the rents is – we're keeping all the rents, plus we are getting $6.5 million, it stays 6%.
Chad Vanacore: All right. And then just one last question on the SHOP portfolio. It looked like occupancy was down quite a bit, 100 basis points sequentially or so. Is that from the new pressure that you're seeing or what's driving that?
Robert Probst: Yeah. There is an element of seasonality, but year-over-year we highlighted that, it's really driven by the rate increase, so very intentional desire to drive rate, this is a wonderful business, needs driven, and we believe a real opportunity to continue to drive rate recognizing the value proposition of senior housing. So, we've very intentionally been putting our foot to the accelerator on that, knowing there would be an occupancy impact; but net-net-net, we highlighted a 4% revenue growth in the quarter and a strong underlying profit as a consequence. So, we think a good move.
Debra Cafaro: But again, sequentially, you would typically see this pattern separate...
Robert Probst: Seasonality...
Debra Cafaro: Yeah.
Robert Probst: ...when you look sequentially.
Chad Vanacore: All right. That's it for me. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Robert Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chao: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just sticking with the SHOP commentary here. Understanding there is typical seasonality here in the first quarter and it did drive rate, but I guess I would have thought there would have been some benefit from the milder flu season this year. And also just curious, the decision to push rate so hard this quarter, what was driving that ahead of pending supply and that kind of thing?
Robert Probst: Yeah. We think we push rate appropriately, that's again very intentional. And I always talk about the value proposition, whereby if you try to replicate the services at home of senior housing, it would be twice as expensive as on average it is within the senior housing community. So, there is clearly opportunity to drive pricing, and the operators have seen that and embraced that in our SHOP portfolio. So, that's strategic in my mind. What was the other part of the question?
Vincent Chao: Oh, just I guess I would have expected a little bit of a tailwind year-over-year, just given the milder flu season this year.
Robert Probst: Right.
Vincent Chao: And I was just wondering if that showed up or if there was some other offset?
Robert Probst: Right. We said ceteris paribus, all else equal, that would be a benefit is certainly true. But the world is never ceteris paribus. There's lots of things that were going on. So, it was helpful.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah.
Robert Probst: But, it wasn't something that would drive outsize performance. And net-net, when you step back from the adjustment for tax, we grew nearly 4%. So, clearly a strong quarter.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah.
Vincent Chao: Got it. Okay. And then just maybe a follow-up on the guidance just for disposition proceeds. I think it was $350 million last quarter, $200 million this quarter; I think that's just maybe because you've already spent some of that money. But also it seems like the wording did change a little bit, and I'm probably parsing this too much, but specifically calling out debt repayment this time as opposed to sort of redevelopment and development spend. Anything to read into that?
Robert Probst: No. I think it's – I'm glad you asked the question, because what has not changed, if we look full-year is $500 million of dispositions and $350 million of acquisitions that is the same from our last guidance. We expressed the acquisitions in the press release as $200 million incremental which is from here, as we did $150 million in the first quarter. And so, that $350 million is just kind of a timing issue when that money is being spent. The balance is fungible in that we can talk about either redevelopment or we can talk about debt reduction, it's simple to understand that we have approximately a $300 million of gross debt reduction inherent in that forecast, if we have $500 million of dispose, $200 million of incremental acquisition the balance will be debt reduction. So that's the math, but redevelopment hasn't changed either, so.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. And the key point is that we also generate cash flow, which is fungible, as is source as well and so.
Robert Probst: Right, which is a partner to that.
Debra Cafaro: You should feel we're very consistent with what we said before.
Robert Probst: Absolutely.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And I think that is it. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Tyler with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Kevin Tyler: Yeah, good morning. On SHOP on the expense side, does your NOI guidance forecast 4% plus or minus increases over the balance of the year? And I was just curious how much of the 4% that we saw, or 4.5% this quarter was related to minimum wage versus executive director retention?
Robert Probst: Right. Well, first off all, it's important to highlight that that real estate tax charge, which I identified is in the reported results through the expense line in the quarter. And therefore, you need to adjust that out, if you're looking at a more underlying performance, and that's in line with revenue and roughly in that 4% range as you highlight. Within that clearly, there have been wage pressures, whether of minimum wage or as we have shortages of nurses or whatever else, but that comes right back to the need to drive our rate in part and parcel.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. And it's consistent with the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year.
Robert Probst: And so, holding margins through rate, covering that expense pressure and at the same time driving cost productivity importantly as part of that through operational excellence, is inherent in that holding net margin for the full-year.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thanks. And then on the development side, you've got a quite a bit going on in the senior housing front in desirable and somewhat dense markets, Foster City, Fort Lauderdale. But the densest urban cores, are they currently attractive for you just as we've seen some of your competitors move in? In Manhattan, for example, if you could get land what reservations might you have about developing in a more dense setting like a Manhattan, Chicago, San Francisco, for example?
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's nice that we were able to acquire the Atria portfolio, when we did, which had as its largest component, the New York MSA, which has been a great market for us. And as you point out, we do have two high quality developments ongoing. Both would be operated by Atria; one in Foster City in the San Francisco MSA and one in Palm Beach County. Obviously, both attractive areas. And we continue to look at development and redevelopment opportunities with Atria and others in all these markets. And would feel positive, frankly, about if we found a good site in any of these dense markets to do a development that we had confidence in. Our bar on ground up development, however, is very high. And so, we want to make sure that we're really underwriting it carefully and have confidence in the outcomes. And that's why, we have just kind of the MOB in downtown San Francisco with Sutter and these two senior housing developments in these great areas with Atria ongoing right now.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thanks. And then, Debbie, just talking a little bit about your deal making track record in the past, certainly has been one that's very – looked fondly upon, has been fantastic. And as you look to turn around tough situations you've done so effectively many times in the past and in the skilled nursing space. But today with some dislocation in the markets and then maybe sporadically throughout healthcare is too strong. But, there has been a little bit more dislocation than in the past. What gets you excited or where do you see opportunities to apply your turnaround expertise?
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for the compliment. It didn't always feel like it at the time, but hopefully in retrospect it is a very good track record of disciplined capital allocation by our team. Look, I mean, what gets us excited at Ventas is making money for our stakeholders. And that has come and will come in many different forms, but that's what gets us excited. And that's that we are going to continue to drive toward.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, and good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Richard Anderson: So, just when I think about the three buckets – triple net, you have RIDEA and you have post-acute – those by which we kind of debate the good and the bad. In RIDEA, we can get into the whole bundling and how that's going to work itself out from a REIT perspective and same with post-acute. But the one thing I want to point out and kind of isolate is the senior housing triple net, which we have for a long time been willing to sit on relatively thin rent coverage. I know you have 1.3 times in an EBITDARM basis, but on EBITDAR it might be closer to 1.1 times. And then when you factor in the capital expenditures which are borne on the operator, do you get below one times on average? And if so, what's your comment about that from a long-term perspective as from your – from a REIT standpoint?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we think we have a high quality diverse portfolio with leading operators in our industry, the Brookdales, the Holidays and so on. And the portfolios are well underwritten with credit support and the assets, as Bob said, are growing, EBITDARM. And so, we feel we're at a good level of coverage that's market-based or above market base. And with a reasonable CapEx imputed, we're above 1.0 times...
Richard Anderson: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: ...probably closer to 1.1 times. And so we feel good about it.
Richard Anderson: But, and you're not – I'm not directing this at you, because everyone is kind of in the same boat senior housing triple net. I mean do you think that there is a day where we'll have to kind of do a refocus on rent escalators and think more in terms of what – making sure those escalators aren't in excess of the EBITDAR growth of the underlying organization?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Yep. I think that's a really very good comment, because over the years, there has been I think a lot of misperception amongst investors that one type of investment, call it SHOP has risk, and one, call it, triple net doesn't have risk and so on and so forth. When we do underwriting of any asset that we're acquiring – at the end of the day, those assets have to produce cash flow. And so that is what we are focused on always first and foremost. And then along with it, in all these areas, is it a leading operators, what's the asset, and the management team's position in the marketplace, can we provide additional structural support in the case of triple net and like guarantees and security deposits and so on? But at the end of the day, we are looking for good assets that are going to perform through good operating partners and that's true regardless of structure. So, you make a good point. And I think we've done that successfully.
Richard Anderson: Great. Thanks very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John Kim: Thanks. Good morning. Debbie, can we get your updated views.
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
John Kim: Hello. Can we get your updated views on the impact of bundled payments implementation and how significant this changes the landscape for demand across the spectrum? Specifically, there has been some early evidence of home health potentially gaining market share. And I was just wondering if you could address that as well?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. Look, I think bundled payments are going to help hospitals, let's start there. And that was, of course, one underpinning of our hospital thesis and investment as hospitals control more of these dollars and patients. And so far, again, these just started in the 67 markets on hips and knees in April of this year. Kindred has said that as far as this project goes, it's going to have minimal impact they believe and impart I think they're using this new project to prove out that they are the best positioned post-acute provider in the country, who can deliver really good post-acute care, limit readmissions and do so for a reasonable cost. And that's, of course, the providers in post-acute, who are going to thrive in the future. But, there can be as part of these trends, some evidence that some patients will go directly from the hospital, either to senior living frankly, or to home health. And that's a trend that has been going on for some time, and will continue. But again, the skilled nursing guys have a role to play in the post-acute delivery of care and there are plenty of these patients, believe me. Plenty of people are having hips and knees replaced. And so, hopefully, there are enough patients for everyone.
John Kim: So, hospitals are managing the process, but they are not necessarily the lowest cost setting. So, how concerned are you about this and will there be some losers and winners in the hospital world?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think, there will be winners and thrivers and consolidators, like Ardent and others, like HCA. But again, they're sort of getting the payments in the bundled payment, and they are paying the post-acute providers. And so, we believe that the hospitals will do well, and the post-acute providers who can deliver quality and do so at a low cost, and limit readmissions are going to get more market share.
John Kim: Okay. And a question for Bob on your cash flow statement. Free cash flow from operations historically has mirrored normalized FFO, but this quarter it fell well short of that. From what I can see this is...
Debra Cafaro: I am so – thank you for asking that, because that's something we talked about and we are happy to answer.
Robert Probst: Which I'm assuming is, why is it lower? And it's really timing, if you look at it. We had a number of things, particularly in the accounts payable line that in prior year – if you compare to prior year, we had the Kindred fee and other fees we've referred to in the first quarter, which benefited cash flow in the first quarter of roughly $40 million.
Debra Cafaro: Of last year.
Robert Probst: Of last year. To bring it back, typically Q1, is an outflow just seasonally from a timing point of view on the payable line. So, last year was really more of an anomaly as far as that goes. And the other one is really timing around interest payments on bonds that are flowing through interest payables. So, they're really timing issues, John, but it's a good catch, absolutely. So, you should see that turnaround to the balance of the year.
Debra Cafaro: We always pay attention to cash flow.
John Kim: Great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks a lot.
Robert Probst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. I guess, I might be accused here...
Debra Cafaro: Hi.
Jordan Sadler: ...of having an active imagination possibly. But maybe you can help me understand what's going on with the SHOP portfolio. I guess same-store occupancy is down 90 basis points, right, despite a mild flu season. But last year it was up 60 basis points in what seemed to be a more difficult flu season. So, I am just – what seems to be going on here?
Robert Probst: Yeah. I don't think, you should be so focused on flu solely, right? Because there's a number of factors, clearly that as we've said all else equal is a tailwind. You have a number of factors that are impacting occupancy this quarter, we talked a lot about rates, certainly the rate is intentional and is driving majority of that. There is also an impact of the new units coming on line and affecting occupancy as I said in my prepared remarks. So, that is coming through that line as well. And again, in line with our expectation. So, it's really a combination of factors, where it's really hard to pull out anyone.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then in terms of free rent just in the senior housing world, are you or any of your triple net tenants currently offering free rent upfront as an inducement?
Debra Cafaro: Well...
Jordan Sadler: Is that changing at all?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that obviously when we look at rents, we're looking at it on an effective rent basis, there are targeted markets, for example, Brookdale has talked about it, where they're providing concessions in some cases that they use that after the Emeritus merger. And a lot of those Brookdale has said are – they expect to burn off and not be replaced during 2016. So that would be one example.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And are you guys using concessions as well or you're not seeing the same thing per se?
Robert Probst: No. Quite the contrary. We're going the other way as I said, we're driving rate, not discounting. And the NIC data would suggest in terms of rate growth that similarly across the industry, there is good rate growth. So hopefully, others are seeing the same, which is a great value proposition in senior housing.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender: Hi, just a quick one for me. Bob, you highlighted the drop in new senior housing construction earlier. I just wanted to get a sense of your – what you're hearing from your operating partners, maybe your updated thoughts on the trajectory of new starts, at least over the near-term?
Robert Probst: Right. I would describe it as a modest sequential decline. We talked about 10 basis points in terms of units under construction. So, we're certainly not doing the touchdown dance yet on that. I think, where is it headed from here? It's a good question. We don't have a lot more information than you do. I think everybody is starting to understand without there, there's been a lot of talk about supply clearly. And so, lenders and developers and everybody else taking note, we hope is what's going to happen, but only time will tell. We have no evidence to suggest that's true.
Todd Stender: Okay. Thank you, Bob.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks.
Robert Probst: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks for being patient with us, Tayo. Good morning.
Omotayo Okusanya: Of course, not a problem at all, Debbie. I know everyone is always interested in what you have to say. A couple from my end. First of all, skilled nursing; again, you have a very small portfolio, but it's heavily focused on the national operators. And I'm just curious what you're seeing on that end just given when we look at your rent coverage, it has been coming down about 10 bps for the past two quarters or three quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, most of the change in coverage is due to the fact that rent went up significantly in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we think that's a good thing. You want to have a good coverage, but you don't want to have excess good coverage. You want to hit that optimal point. And so – and yes, most of our 4% of skilled nursing is with Kindred, we have some with Genesis as well. And look, I think, what you're going to see, as we've talked about over time is, we have very strong coverage at two times. You are going to see I think some continued pressures on the SNFs business and we are in a great spot with our partners, who have credit and who are leading operators to work through those changes and we deliberately retain this portfolio because we believe in it.
Omotayo Okusanya: Great. Okay. That's helpful. Then the second thing, medical office buildings, I know we've kind of gone through the tenant vacating and the impact on numbers for the quarter. But when I take a look at rent growth for the quarter, it still seemed like it wasn't much. And again, I guess one thing I always struggle with on the MOB side is same-store NOI growth tends to be 2%, 3% consistently, but yet everyone is kind of paying these very low cap rates for these assets. So, I'm just trying to understand why it continues to make sense to pay these very low cap rates kind of industry wide?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Good observation. And again, happy that we acquired our MOB portfolio, which is very high quality again in that 2010, 2011 time period. I think what drives people to really like MOB is that they are a low cost setting. You see the demographics and the utilization statistics with the baby boomers and again the 10,000 turning 65 every day. You see the Affordable Care Act, which is improving the insured population in many states. And then what you're getting as an investor is you're really getting above – even at relatively low cap rate, you're getting above core returns with core like characteristics, very reliable, consistent, steady, financeable asset. And in this global thirst for yield, where we've talked about why people like U.S. real estate assets, that is a very attractive value proposition, and I think that's why you're seeing all these new entrants and a lot of interest in this asset class.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly, again, I appreciate you indulging me. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing at this point in the UK? Four Seasons put out some pretty weak results a few days ago; but again, I know their portfolio is very heavily focused on getting funding from the local authorities. But overall, what you're kind of seeing whether on that end or on the private-pay end would be helpful?
Debra Cafaro: Well, in the UK, I think what we're – we have a small senior living portfolio, and then a very nice public partner in Spire, who is in the hospital business, where we have a triple net lease. And we have triple net leases frankly on both segments in the UK. I think what we're seeing there in the private-pay as well as the more long-term care business is that there are changes in rules and regulations that affect staffing. And that is in fact, putting some pressures on the operators there. Our portfolio has been doing well. It's a small portfolio that we've grown, and we like, but I think on a larger scale basis for both the government reimbursed and the private-pay, there are some trends there that are compressing margins.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. And again, overall I thought the quarter was pretty good. So, well done.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So, thank you very much. I will thank all my colleagues at Ventas for contributing to delivering great results. And I thank all of you for your interest in our company and your support of our company, which we appreciate greatly. And we look forward to seeing everybody at NAREIT in June. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Probst - EVP and Chief Financial Officer John Cobb - EVP and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch Smedes Rose - Citigroup Andrew Rosivach - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors Chad Vanacore - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Ross Nussbaum - UBS Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore Vin Chao - Deutsche Bank Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Ventas’ Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] And we'll facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Warren. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the yearend quarter ended December 31, 2015. As we've started, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and the Company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas yearend 2015 earnings call. I am delighted to be joined this morning by my Ventas colleagues to discuss our exciting and productive year, highlight the innovative and strategic transactions of 2015 and discuss our outlook for 2016. The Ventas advantage of superior properties, people and platforms has enabled us to consistently deliver outstanding results through multiple cycles for almost two decades. That is what distinguishes us. Over the years, we've demonstrated excellence through clear commitment to our shareholders, dedication to our customers and partners and engagement of our skilled interdisciplinary team. Ventas has a long track record of delivering superior FFO and dividend growth. We continued our outperformance in 2015 with 9% comparable normalized FFO per share growth and a 10% dividend increase inclusive of CCP. Our excellent and diversified portfolio generated industry-leading same-store growth during the year and we ended 2015 with a strong balance sheet and $2.2 billion of liquidity. During my 17 years at Ventas, we've seen a lot of changes in our markets and we've become the leading provider of capital to high quality healthcare and senior housing companies. We've navigated successfully through multiple economic capital markets and reimbursement cycles and have continued to grow with strength and integrity. We haven't gotten everything right to be sure, but we've been consistently early and opportunistic relative to the five asset classes where we do business. In 2015, we were once again at the forefront. Our experienced team really stepped up to complete several important and complex transactions that significantly improved Ventas and showed our continued ability to stay ahead of the curve in healthcare real estate, which we strongly believe is an attractive place to be for investors. Key accomplishments of the year included our strategic disposition of nearly $5 billion in assets, including over $4 billion of skilled nursing facilities through our innovative tax efficient spin-off of Care Capital Properties, and completion of over $5 billion in accretive acquisitions, including our successful beachhead investment in the large, attractive hospital space with Ardent, a top 10 provider of care. These successful transactions have reshaped our enterprise, provided additional channels for growth, improved the quality of our portfolio and enhanced the reliability of our cash flows. Beside specifics, our balanced and diversified portfolio generates industry-leading 83% of our NOI from private pay sources, principally medical office buildings and senior housing communities. Our partners are the best in the business. Post spin, over 80% of our NOI comes from top operators in each sector who have scale, a sound capital structure and operational excellence. We have a nice balance in our portfolio among operating businesses and triple net leases and none of our tenants represents more than 10% of our NOI. Importantly, Ventas now generates only 4% of our NOI from our 53-owned skilled nursing assets. Most of our post-acute facility rent comes from Kindred, our largest tenant. All of our post acute facilities produce excellent two-times property level cash flow to rent coverage and our rents are guaranteed. Kindred has become the nation's leader in post-acute care with a well-developed strategy, strong balance sheet and diversified business model. Our entry into the hospital space in 2015 was also a significant example of our ability to capitalize early on trends in healthcare and create high-quality platforms for future growth. We invested $1.3 billion in Ardent's extensive network of real estate sites in three key markets. As we demonstrated during our Investor Day, we think it’s smart business to align with leading hospital providers who have always been at the top of the food chain in healthcare services and are increasingly influential in the delivery of care and the distribution of dollars in a rapidly evolving healthcare system. Ardent provides both inpatient and outpatient care throughout its multiple access points in its market and it just completed a strong year where same-store revenues, adjusted admissions and ER visit showed solid growth. Our investment in Ardent was expertly executed and structured with outstanding property, EBITDARM to rent coverage and low leverage at the operating company. It was also very timely. We're seeing significant deal flow and actively working with our partners at EGI and Ardent to consolidate and grow. While the spin-off of CCP and our Ardent investment have rightly received a lot of attention I also want to highlight our senior housing portfolio and our commitment to that important sector. Atria had another outstanding year and we thank John Moore and his team for their significant contribution to Ventas's success. I'm really glad you had a chance to see Atria's excellence during our Investor Day. Senior Living is an incredible space whose potential is only beginning to be realized. Despite the ebbs and flows of supply cycles, we own an outstanding portfolio of SHOP communities and advantaged markets and high-quality triple net leased assets. We believe deeply in the value proposition of senior housing. As an industry, we have tremendous opportunity to advocate the benefits of communal living to our residents and their families. Growth in the senior population will provide undeniable tailwinds and increasing demand for our communities. And a mere one percentage point increase in the seniors who choose to live in senior housing community would create powerful new incremental demand, enough to fill all currently vacant senior housing units in the nation. We continue to invest in our properties during 2015 to fuel future growth through increased capital allocation to selective high-quality, ground-up developments and redevelopments. We committed over $200 million to ground-up development projects including a trophy medical office building in Downtown San Francisco connected to Sutter Health, newly constructed flagship $2 billion hospital, as well as two luxury senior housing communities in Palm Beach Country in San Francisco. On the redevelopment front, in 2015 we committed to approximately $150 million in SHOP and triple net redevelopment projects. These investments should provide attractive risk adjusted returns, improve the quality of our properties and help our customers maintain and expand their market share. We also allocated a portion of our strong cash flow to our shareholders through our cash dividend, which has always been and will continue to be an important component of the value proposition we offer our shareholders. Ventas has one of the best dividend growth records in the REIT industry and with a projected 70% FFO dividend payout ratio, we're well position to continue growing our dividends into the future. That's a good segue to our 2016 outlook. Our expectations for the macroeconomic environment are tempered. We believe the U.S. economy will remain in a low-growth, low-interest rate and low-inflation mode. Our segments should once again prove resilient because of the inelasticity of demand, the rapid aging of our population and the need-base nature of healthcare services. In that context, we are happy to provide 2016 normalized FFO guidance representing 3% to 5% growth per share on a comparable basis, which assumes the CCP spin-off occurred at 11 of '14. In 2016, we intend again to drive excellent consistent results by focusing on operational excellence and continued portfolio optimization in our senior housing operating and medical office building businesses, building on our advantage platforms including hospitals in Atria, recycling capital through value creating dispositions, making attractive accretive new investments including improving our properties through development and redevelopment, providing innovative capital solutions to leading healthcare and senior housing providers in a dynamic market and harnessing the potential empower of our outstanding and cohesive team at Ventas. That Ventas team has delivered superior consistent results for investors and customers for almost two decades. We have the properties, the people and the platforms to continue leading our sector. I want to thank our investors for having continued faith and trust in us. You are in safe and sure hands. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over to Bob Probst who is hosting his second yearend call as the CFO of Ventas. Bob?
Bob Probst: Thank you, Debby. I'm pleased to report an outstanding year of growth for our portfolio of nearly 1300 diversified senior housing, medical office, post acute and general acute care hospital properties. Our overall same-store cash NOI for the portfolio grew an impressive 3.8% for the year, right in line with our 3.5% to 4% full company same-store guidance range. Our triple net business lead all segments by growing same-store 5.8% in 2015 with SHOP full year results in line with our 2% to 3% guidance and MOB is up 2% year-over-year. For 2016, we expect our same-store cash NOI to grow in the range of 1.5% to 3% for the overall portfolio. Let me detail our 2015 performance and our 2016 outlook at a segment level, starting with SHOP. Our same-store SHOP portfolio increased 2.3% for the full year 2015 over 2014. For the fourth quarter of '15, SHOP same-store cash NOI increased 1.1%. These results were in line with our expectations for the fourth quarter. As expected, same-store occupancy in Q4 trended mostly higher and strong rate growth held together driving 3% revenue growth. Adjusting for approximately $1.7 million of nonrecurring items in the fourth quarter of 2014, same-store NOI for the fourth quarter 2015 grew 2.4% versus prior year. As seen throughout 2015, our NOI performance in the fourth quarter was led by continued strong growth across many of our high barrier-to-entry infill locations. Key markets such as New York, Los Angeles and Boston grew organic NOI more than 6% in the quarter. Double digit NOI growth in tertiary markets also continued in the quarter as a result of productive development and redevelopment activity. SHOP performance in Canada in the fourth quarter, the first quarter in which the 29 assets acquired from holiday in 2014 are included in same-store showed an expected modest decline. During the year, Atria accelerated the transition of these assets to its operating model in order to position them for future growth. Q4 performance was affected by new supply coming online within our relevant trade area in a number of markets, notably Huston, Chicago and Sacramento saw NOI declines in the quarter driven principally by occupancy pressure. As a reminder, last quarter we introduced a more refined supply methodology, which identifies new buildings under construction within the relevant seven mile and three mile trade areas around our assets based on population density. On that basis and using the fourth quarter NIC data, more than 70% of our SHOP portfolio NOI comes from markets that are in supply equilibrium or better. The 30% of the SHOP portfolio NOI that is exposed to a potential new supply surplus represents less than 10% of Ventas total NOI. Remember that our methodology assumes 3% absorption and is arguably conservative as it is assume that all new supply within the relevant trade area is competitive regardless of care model, price point etcetera. Using this methodology, construction as a percentage of inventory across our SHOP portfolio stands at 4.5% in Q4, a 40 basis point increase from Q3, principally driven by market such as Atlanta, Sacramento and Denver. Against this backdrop, Ventas and our focus leading SHOP operators are working to drive operational excellence to gain share and grow even in the context of new supply. Our largest operator Atria continued to drive strong results in Q4 and for 2015 overall. These results are a testament to the operational excellence demonstrated at our Investor Day in November at Atria's Headquarters. Now let’s turn to our guidance and key assumptions for our SHOP business. In 2016 we project SHOP same-store NOI to grow in the range of 1% to 3%. This outlook assumes that our core engines of growth namely the 70% of our SHOP portfolio insulated from supply will continue to grow NOI at a mid single digit rate in 2016. This growth will be partially offset by assets in the markets where we anticipate increased supply challenges. As we begin the year, we're pleased with the mid single digit annual rental rate increases that took effect in January 1, 2016. These increases appear to be holding up well, thus demonstrating the value proposition of our communities and our operators. In fact our SHOP operators have some exciting plans in place in 2016 to compete and thrive in the market to retain their great teams and to deliver value to seniors and their families. Next I will cover our triple net lease portfolio, which accounts for 44% of our NOI. The 507 same-store properties within this portfolio comprised of senior housing and post-acute assets delivered accelerated growth increasing 5.8% in 2015 versus 2014. As we mentioned in previous calls, triple net's 2015 performance benefited from the $15 million rent increase for the Kindred assets where we increased rent to market levels in October 2014 as well as other income items. Even after adjusting for these items full year same-store NOI in the triple net portfolio grew 3.2% above historical trend in confirmation of the positive growth impact of CCP spend. In the fourth quarter triple net same-store cash NOI grew 2.9% reflecting customer rent escalations as well as recycling of the Kindred increase in Q4 of 2014. Trailing 12 month cash flow coverage in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the third quarter of 2015 the latest available information was solid at 1.5 times. As Debby mentioned our post-acute coverage is a strong two times although we had a 10 basis point compression due to the combination of the aforementioned Kindred rent increase and lower third quarter performance. Coverage in our triple net senior housing portfolio remained solid at 1.3 times. Occupancy is up 50 basis points sequentially and operator EBITDARM and rates are higher year-over-year. For 2016, we expect our triple net portfolio to grow in the range of 2% to 3%. Consistent with our practice, we have not included in our 2016 triple net projections, speculative fees, which has the effect of lowering the growth rate in our '16 outlook. Let me close out the segment review with our leading MOB business, which represents 20% of Ventas’s overall NOI. Our Lillibridge business closed its full year NOI in the total consolidated portfolio of 364 properties of $381 million in 2015, an increase of 33% over 2014. Performance was driven by the addition of 83 properties from the HCT acquisition in January. Occupancy in the total portfolio in 2015 was up 40 basis points to 92.3% and margins increased by an exceptional 330 basis points reflecting the quality of the properties we acquired as well as the cost synergy arising from leveraging the Lillibridge platform. In the 268 properties in the same-store portfolio, full-year 2015 cash NOI grew a solid 2%. Occupancy declined modestly in 2015 versus 2014. Revenue grew slightly as a result of a roughly 2% increase in rental rate and NOI margins improved 40 basis points on the yields of cost productivity initiatives. In the fourth quarter, MOB same-store cash NOI was stable versus 2014. The rate growth in the quarter remained solid at 2% versus prior year while expense growth outpaced revenue growth due to unexpected R&M cost increases. We forecast our MOB same-store segment to continue to provide steady growth in the 1% to 2% range in 2016. This guidance assumes modest occupancy and rate growth and continued cost productivity. In 2016, our MOB team is actively working on driving occupancy gains, enhancing our portfolio of quality further to asset disposition and commencing on significant potential redevelopment opportunities stemming from our well located portfolio. Turning now to our financial results for Ventas. As a quick note, I will frequently refer to our results on a comparable basis, which adjust all current and prior periods for the effects of the spin-off as if the spin-off is completed in January 2014. This is best practice for spin situations and is intended to give investors a true like-for-like reflection of our performance. Please note that adjusting for the spin-off comparable normalized FFO per share was $3.95 in 2015 and $3.64 in 2014. Details of both our reported and comparable FFO per share are set forth on Page 25 of our Q4 supplemental. Turning to Ventas’s outstanding financial results overall for the full year 2015, full year 2015 normalized FFO on a reported basis totaled $4.47 per fully diluted share, topping our most recent full year FFO guidance range of $4.43 to $4.46 per share. On a comparable basis, full year 2015 normalized FFO per share of $3.95 represents 9% growth over 2014. This strong year-over-year growth was driven by outstanding same-store NOI growth of 3.8%, together with over $5 billion in new investments in the year, including our beachhead investment in the U.S. acute care space with Ardent. We also invested $232 million in CapEx during 2015, inclusive of high return redevelopment and development investments. To fund these investments, we recycled capital and enhanced our portfolio via over $700 million of asset sales and loan repayments ahead of our original guidance of $600 million. We also issued and sold $7.2 million of shares of common stock for approximately $500 million under the ATM. Nearly 80% of this ATM is -- issuance was pre-spin at a gross price of $72.94 while the remaining 20% was issued post-spin at an average gross price of $54.87. In 2015 we continued our track record of strong cash flow generation, delivering a record $1.4 billion in operating cash flow for the year. With our strong cash flow, we paid attractive cash dividends to shareholders totaling $3.04 per share, including a 10% increase when combined with CCP. The company's liquidity profile was solid at yearend including exceptional fixed charge coverage of 4.5 times, net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA of 6.1 times, a weighted average maturity approximating seven years and debt-to-total capitalization of 37%. In the fourth quarter, Ventas delivered normalized FFO of $346 million or $1.03 per fully diluted share. On a comparable basis, normalized FFO per share grew 7% in Q4 2015 over prior year. In the fourth quarter the company acquired $93 million in high quality MOBs. Ventas also committed to funding approximately $240 million in new development in redevelopment activity. The fund investments we raised $167 million under our ATM program during and after the fourth quarter issuing three million shares at an average price of $55.42 per share before underwriter discount. We also continue to recycle capital through asset dispositions in senior housing and MOB assets generating proceeds of $105 million in Q4 of '15 and $61 million thus was in Q1 '16. Before we take questions, I want to share a summary of our outlook for 2016. Our expectation as we begin the year is to deliver normalized FFO per share in the range of $4.07 to $4.15. This range represents a comparable normalized FFO per share growth rate of 3% to 5% over 2015. As highlighted earlier we project total company same-store 2016 cash NOI growth to range from 1.5% to 3%. During 2016, we intend to continue to improve the company through intelligent value creating dispositions and deliberate balance sheet strengthening. Our guidance assumes 2016 asset dispositions of approximately $500 million using a mid-year estimate of completion. We intend to use net proceeds to reinvest in about $350 million of new acquisitions, generating immediate cash returns and to fund our accelerating development redevelopment program, which will generate growth and returns in future years. We have assumed no additional material acquisitions, dispositions or capital activity in our guidance. Through application of operating cash flow and asset sale proceeds to both new investments and debt reduction, we project the reduction in leverage in 2016 to below six times net debt to EBITDA. So in summary, the entire Ventas team is proud of the excellent results we delivered in 2015 and we're excited to sustain that excellence in 2016. With that I will ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria from Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria: Hi good morning. Thanks for the time.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. On the post-acute business, can you give us a sense of the facility level EBITDAR between your Kindred, SNFs, and LTAC/IRF businesses, those two separate? And if you have any sense of how those are trending in the fourth quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Good. Juan we have about equivalent strong coverage of two times EBITDAR at the SNFs, and LTACs and obviously combined in the whole post-acute portfolio.
Juan Sanabria: And any sense of how that's trending in the fourth quarter, given some of the news that has come out?
Debra Cafaro: Well I would tell you this, most of that post-acute rent is from Kindred as I mentioned and Kindred’s guidance is for a better fourth quarter than its third and so we believe the really good operators are good in part because they provide quality care and also because they manage through constant changes in reimbursement. And so as we showed during our Investor Day, we felt very good about that. So we think Kindred will be managing through the reimbursement changes in the fourth and throughout 2016 relatively well. 
Juan Sanabria: Okay. What do you guys assume for management fees again?
Debra Cafaro: And this is what typically the industry standard is, is either 4% to 5% on skilled and 2% to 3% of revenue on hospital assets.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Great.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah so that would be about in total on our Kindred portfolio about 30 basis points to get from EBITDARM which is two times to EBITDAR.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. Thank you. And then on the RIDEA, I think Bob mentioned a one-time expense in 2014 that kind of maybe messed up the year-over-year comps on the expense side I believe. Correct me if I'm wrong. But if you could give us a sense of what that would have been on a normalized basis, and as a whole, what you guys are expecting for occupancy rate and expense growth for '16. And if you have any sense of how the first quarter is trending to date
Bob Probst: Sure, Juan, so I think there are a few questions in there, let me start with the fourth quarter and characterize the non-recurring expenses where they hit. So about $1.7 million so that takes, when you adjust for those, the NOI growth from 1.1% to about 2.4% same-store for the quarter. So pretty much in line quarter and year if you look at it that way. And these non-recurring tend to normalize over the course of the year. So I think that’s a reasonable way to view the year overall. The margin and expense versus revenue profile in the fourth quarter to note reflects that one-time type benefit in 2014. So when you align for those in margins are really in line, expense grew in line with revenue, so that’s the fourth quarter. As we think about ’16 and how we model ’16, overall on a blended side I highlighted a 1% to 3% outlook for SHOP overall, really has two building blocks to that and really important to highlight those. The first is we call it the 70% engine room of growth, the markets like New York, Los Angeles, the coastal markets in which we have a strong hold. We think those markets are going to grow mid-single digits. So that’s a continuation of the momentum we’ve seen in those markets in 2015. That will be partially offset by call it the 30%. That is the list of markets, which may be affected by supply challenges and really to think about what those challenges might be, it’s hard to model exactly because it could be a function of occupancy, it could be a function of rates, even a potential expense impact, but overall we think that on a blended basis, that performance for that 30% will bring down the overall average. So it will partially offset the strength and momentum we see in the 70%. Therefore overall coming back to your 1% to 3% growth overall showing the benefit of a great portfolio which we think we have. So within that I can give more assumptions, but that’s the overall flavor for ’16.
Juan Sanabria: So that 30% is going to have a mid-single-digit negative type number to offset that 70%, most of the growth in that 70%? Is that a fair characterization?
Bob Probst: We think it will be a range and indeed we went back to try to truly understand this and modeled where we have assets where there has been new supply coming online what happens and we've had pretty good experience of call it 40 properties where we’ve seen that. And there tends to be a wide dispersion of outcomes there as there will be in any portfolio. But overall our guidance range reflects what we think the essential median is of that, so you can do the math as you did to reflect the overall for that, but again that’s partial offset to the 70%.
Juan Sanabria: And just lastly, any sense on how the first quarter is trending with a mild flu season to date? How are you guys feeling?
Bob Probst: Sure thank you I should have mentioned that. So I highlighted first of all strong rent into - rental increases effective January 1 mid single-digit, which is really great news. We’re really pleased to see that. We’re really pursuing a rate driven strategy. We think that’s a wonderful way to drive profitability and seeing those rate letters go out in that performance thus far holding is very encouraging, that together with the fact as you know that we have the flu season challenge in the prior year that we're lapping would suggest just from a phasing point of view the first quarter would be a better comparable for us overall for the year. So we're pleased with the start. Obviously the occupancy that we begin the year with is below last year but again that's reflective of that rate strategy I highlighted. So very intentional as we think about our first quarter performance.
Debra Cafaro: So we feel good about the way the year is starting in SHOP and Juan we're going to move on to our next questionnaire. Thank you.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for the time guys.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Smedes.
Smedes Rose: Just on -- I wanted to ask you too, now that you've had a little more time to see some of the new supply coming into your markets for the -- on the SHOP side of the business, are you seeing, I think as you've indicated before, that maybe the competitors are a little more aggressive in pricing? And is that still how it's playing out as they come along? Are they typically targeting the same price point customer that you guys are or is it something below? Maybe just some color around how the competitors are behaving.
Bob Probst: Sure. I think it's important to highlight the point you make, which is we've assumed in our methodology that all new supply will compete. We think that's a conservative point of view because as you say price point model AL versus IL, location, operator, all matter. We've taken a very conservative position we think to assume that there will be some level of competition irrespective of those items. So that's a conservative point of view. Indeed what we do see though is different ways that folks compete within the market. As I said it could be occupancy, it could be rate. The key for us is really to drive the operational excellence. I'll come back to that that theme to really win and grow in those markets. So when you have a great team, you have great processes, you can differentiate through yourself, you have a great track record to compete against the shiny new penny as I describe it and win. And that's what we were really focused.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. I wanted to ask you just sort of bigger picture I guess, too, the overall acquisition activity has slowed in the second half of 2015 in general across REITs. What changes are you seeing, if any, on pricing? Is there a re-pricing underway so sellers can start moving product more quickly, or are they holding fast or what are you seeing in general?
Debra Cafaro: Smedes, this is Debbie, I would say that as we've talked about the last couple of quarters we've been very selective in terms of our investment activity, very focused in terms of our capital allocation and there definitely has been a period of price discovery ongoing and volatility certainly creates a wider bid/ask spread and so until we get through that time period I think you will see again very selective investment activity on our part. But we are mid ways through that process I would say. And there are deals that we want to do and that we can do and those again will be development, redevelopment, it will be hospital, it will be supporting our customers with the right kind of assets to help them build market share and we still think there are opportunities for us to play but very selectively.
Smedes Rose: All right. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Andrew Rosivach from Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Rosivach: Good morning, everybody. Debbie, it sounds like you're fighting a cold.
Debra Cafaro: Little bit. Yes I am.
Andrew Rosivach: I'm sorry to hear that. I did want to just hit the SHOP guidance. As you probably know, last year you started at 3 to 5 and you ended up at 2, 3. If you look at the 1 to 3 now, what's the narrative? Is it we know what happened last year and we've gotten better at this; we know it won't happen again? I'm a real estate guy; retail they will throw in a cushion for bankruptcy. Or do you think it's fear or is this like, look, SHOP is short duration; it's low margin; it's just difficult to forecast?
Debra Cafaro: Well, this is Bob's second year. So I'm going to let him answer that question.
Bob Probst: I just we learned something last year no doubt as the year progressed there was a lot we talked about whether it's flu season or challenging year-on-year within any one quarter, but certainly the reality of increasing supply as the year unfolded presented itself and we saw that impact particularly in the fourth quarter as I highlighted. So as we think about '16, we think we played it down the middle Andrew. We've looked at the momentum in the current markets and as I say we expect that to continue. It's really a question then of modeling what is the supply in fact going to be. And only time will tell, but we try to be as factual as we could be as I said looking at experience and therefore we think we've played it right down the middle but we'll see.
Andrew Rosivach: And just to make sure, off of Juan's question, there's no backend hockey stick here? If anything, you think in the first quarter you can be ahead of where you are for the full-year guidance?
Bob Probst: Yeah there is no hockey stick a good start to the year first quarter would be the easier comp from a flu season perspective, but we shouldn't expect wild fluctuations quarter-to-quarter.
Andrew Rosivach: Great. Thanks a lot team.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin Tyler from Green Street Advisors.
Kevin Tyler: Good morning guys thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Tyler: Can you talk a bit about Ardent? And I think you talked about the managing shift or managing the shift to Medicare Advantage, the new Medicare payment regime. But specifically, when you talk about the revenue mix, I noticed you put in numbers for the supplement, thanks for that on revenue mix, saying 100% was from Medicare or Medicare and private sources. I was just curious about that, that there was no Medicaid at all in Ardent. Maybe you can explain.
Debra Cafaro: Hang on I will. Okay let me answer that for you. Okay. And I have to look at the supplemental to what you refer. There is certainly some Medicaid in the Ardent portfolio. So Ardent is a very high quality operator. It had a great year. I would tell you that we like both the shift in our overall portfolio to 83% private pay NOI as well as the new channel for growth that we have in Ardent. And as you saw in our Investor Day, we have really focused our portfolio on working with healthcare providers who are excellent and experienced at managing through changes in the healthcare services environment. And we certainly are in dynamic policy environment now and we think Ardent has the right characteristics to be able to manage through that.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah okay. And by the way I was very pleased to see that you have embraced our framework on post-acute services in your recent report and we agreed with everything until you got to the stock recommendation.
Kevin Tyler: Well I appreciate that and thanks for the color on Ardent. I do think -- so just to make sure I heard you correctly, there is some Medicaid in that portfolio, correct?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah so all healthcare services have as a quality mix and we particularly like State for there is Medicaid expansion and Ardent certainly has a good quality mix that includes some Medicaid patients.
Kevin Tyler: Okay, got it. And then last thing for me, following up on Smedes's question earlier regarding transaction activity. Not Ventas-specific, but in the markets as you are working with players looking to sell, what are you seeing specifically on the cap rate side? Have you seen a move up in cap rates in senior housing, and MOBs specifically?
Debra Cafaro: MOB is a hot asset class.
John Cobb: Yeah this John. We're seeing -- we're still seeing both Class A and Class B medical office trade in the 6 to 6.5 sometimes below 6. On the senior housing side, we haven't really seen any a lot of Class A senior housing properties come to market, but we've also seen a fair amount of Class Bs move up 50 basis points in spreads.
Debra Cafaro: One interesting data point that we have is Bob mentioned that we did sell some assets in the first quarter and we sold a senior housing asset in Salt Lake City for fixed cap and generated a very significant gain on that. And so that's one data point that would suggest that cap rates for senior -- quality senior housing remained pretty strong certainly for good quality assets like we owned.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Chad Vanacore from Stifel.
Chad Vanacore: Hey, good morning all.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Chad.
Chad Vanacore: So, Bob in your prepared remarks you mentioned that MOB cost frapped up in the fourth quarter and can you unpack that a little bit and tell us what was driving that?
Bob Probst: Sure, again I think quarter-to-quarter volatility is a fact of life not only in SHOP but in MOB and particularly in the cases of fourth quarter, we had some unexpected R&M cost increases. There tends to be some variability and volatility in those and we got hit particularly in the fourth quarter and late in the fourth quarter for that matter. So, I’d really come back to the full year performance of 2% that’s very much in line with the expectation for '16 steady and stable as she goes should be the way I would highlight that. So kind of a unique quarter just in the fourth.
Chad Vanacore: All right and then just thinking about your overall assumptions on your same store NOI for SHOP portfolio in that 1% to 3% range, can you guys give us a little bit more detail on how you're thinking about rate versus occupancy in that number?
Bob Probst: Sure, on a blended basis, so for the total portfolio I would say, flattish on occupancy. Again I come back to we're very much pursuing a rate driven strategy. When you look at NOI sensitivities, rate very much trumps occupancy and therefore we think a good profit approach and therefore as we look at it, the NOI is driven by rate and again very much encouraged by the start to the year those rate letters are important. So that mid single digit rate increased starting Jan 1 really is central to that full year performance.
Chad Vanacore: Okay. And on that Jan 1 rate increases, what percent of your portfolio get those bumps on Jan 1?
Bob Probst: The majority, there is some staggered timing on it. Not everybody starts on the 1st of Jan. So different time periods, but the majority. 
Chad Vanacore: All right and then just thinking about your markets and the 70% of the markets that are not facing pressure, would you say most of those are high barrier markets in terms of rent or any other local functions?
Bob Probst: They are absolutely the high barrier markets and at the Investor Day, we talked about the fact 50% of our SHOP portfolio was in Coastal markets and when you look at those that is where we really see the strength. We see high rate, high RevPAR, we see high margin and we see very limited supply in New York, our largest market is the case study of that. I've highlighted the last two quarters of strong performance in NOI. That strong momentum really reflects that great position, great market scale this idea of cluster markets and very limited supply. And so those together drive that engine of growth I’d call it that we’ve seen in '15 and expect in '16.
Chad Vanacore: All right, thanks. I’ll hop back in the queue.
Debra Cafaro: All right, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross Nussbaum: Good morning, everybody.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Ross.
Bob Probst: Hi.
Ross Nussbaum: Debbie, can you talk about underlying your commentary that 70% plus of your markets are at equilibrium or better status on the senior housing side, you had said that assumes 3% absorption, why do you believe that in 2016, 3% absorption is the right number or is that longer term aging of the baby-boomer long-term trend assumption.
Bob Probst: Ross, this is Bob, we’ve modeled it every which way. I would tell you that 3% assumption really looks at a 75 plus population and its growth rate in '16 and the CAGR of the next five years. If you looked at 80-plus within our trade rings you come back to the same number, that central tendency I would say of 30% of the portfolio being exposed really comes back no matter, which methodology. The 3% therefore is the combination of population growth and then some level of obsolescence which is relatively small. Overall averaging assumption, it will differ by market, but we think as we've pressure tested it, we think it holds up very well.
Debra Cafaro: Couldn’t have said it better myself Ross.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. That’s helpful. The second question I’m looking at page 20 of your supplemental, in October of last year you guys had a disposition of some triple net senior housing assets for $78.448 million and then you also had a debt investment of $78.448 million, did you swap in equity stake for a debt investment or were those the same assets?
Debra Cafaro: They are the same assets and if you look at Brookdale's disclosure, you’ll see something similar. Brookdale had some purchase options on NHP assets and basically we have helped Brookdale exercise those purchase options as they have basically purchased the assets and we've provided purchase money financing that is secured and guaranteed with those assets over a five-year time period.
Ross Nussbaum: It looks like the same yield is what you had when you actually owned the property?
Debra Cafaro: Exactly, exactly. So it’s a good collaborative deal for both companies.
Ross Nussbaum: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Thank you. So when you look at Ardent, excuse me and you think of the same-store growth profile of that organization within your -- under your flag now, I understand you don’t have a same-store outlook as you don’t have the right amount of time with it, but what do you think about that as an internal growth engine? Is it in the low single digits like everything else or is it something different?
Debra Cafaro: Yes I think in general the healthcare services business over long periods of time will generate low single digit same-store EBITDARM growth. We have always structured our leases and our investments in those businesses with a margin of safety through property cash flows, coverages, credit in structure. And so you’ll see ebbs and flows that are predictable and contemplated in those cash flows, but over time they’re as you say in the low single digits and if properly structured will provide good risk adjusted, reliable rents and rent growth.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And the reason why I slipped and said Forest Park is because I was wondering if Ardent would have any interest in some of those assets in Texas that are under review right now for sale?
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned without commenting at all expressly or impliedly on any particular assets, I would tell you that we’re actively working with Ardent and EGI on acquisition and investment activity. If you go back to our Investor Day what you would see is what our criteria for investments in the hospital space are and it’s very high quality market share and numerous other characteristics that we laid out there. So that you should focus on as you’re looking at where we would be likely to invest with Ardent.
Rich Anderson: Fair enough and then last question, Debbie you mentioned a 30 basis point impact from EBITDARM to EBITDAR on the two times skilled nursing coverage, what is the -- and are you talking about that goes from 2 to 1.7 or you talking about 30 basis points reduction to 2, I want to make I understand that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes that's on our post-acute business, which is on the South Kindred. So you would re-quote EBITDARM…
Rich Anderson: Right.
Debra Cafaro: Because again there are different management fees that different people apply. And so it would be about 30 basis points to get to EBITDAR coverage, which is very good, very strong and we still believe in our portfolio…
Rich Anderson: 17.
Debra Cafaro: Yes sir.
Rich Anderson: Premium 17 right?
Debra Cafaro: Yes at the asset which again is further enhanced by corporate and other guarantees and structures that just pulled multi-facility master leases.
Rich Anderson: Fully understood.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we I think have really distilled our portfolio into just a great one.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then is the same 30 basis point applied at 1.3 times EBITDARM coverage on the senior housing triple net coverage?
Debra Cafaro: No, no, no. The senior housing is really call it 15 basis points. The margins are different. That's why it's different because it's a percent of revenue and so our senior housing has been at about 1.3 times EBITDARM for good while, very stable again.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Next question comes from John Kim from BMO Capital Market.
John Kim: Thanks, good morning. In your analysis of new supply pressures on senior housing, what is the rationale of using of three and seven mile radius as a metric?
Bob Probst: Another good question. There has been a lot of debate around that. And it really comes back to looking at where the source of business is and how far folks are typically willing to travel, which for each of the properties our operators understand that as they do their marketing. It's intuitively make sense for the highest density areas you're not going to go very far, you're going to walk, you're going to drive a short distance whereas the more rural or suburban areas you're going to drive and so it's really a function of that. John, you can look at it and cut it different ways. Your denominator changes depending on how broad the ring you draw there. So it doesn't necessarily change the numbers overall, but we think it ties back to where the business is coming from.
Debra Cafaro: And we all know in New York, three miles is far and in some other areas seven miles would be the equivalent. So that's really how to think about it.
John Kim: Do you have data as far as the catch of a typical senior housing facility? I'm just wondering…
Debra Cafaro: Betrayed areas?
John Kim: Yes, betrayed area.
Bob Probst: By asset our operators will have that information. As I say, it's really for marketing purposes. To understand, where is your source of business? Where is it coming from?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: And again, the three miles for us is the top 10 most dense markets. So it would be the Manhattan of the world that you would expect to see. And that's what we've done.
John Kim: So they have empirical data that -- for their tenants, X percent comes from a seven mile radius or three mile radius there they have specific data on that kind of information?
Bob Probst: There is data to support that. Yes.
John Kim: Okay. And then also moving on to medical office buildings, you expect a lower growth maybe in 2016, but higher occupancy and rate growth. So I'm just trying to tie those two statements together.
Bob Probst: So yes, we have some modest occupancy growth and some modest rate growth. I would highlight that rate growth is not as significant as we saw in 2015 and to some degree CPI linked. So lower inflation, lower increases, so that's really a revenue and therefore profit mix isn’t as rich and that's really kind of the most fundamental driver of that.
John Kim: The lower CPI I imagine impacts all of your triple net leases?
Bob Probst: Yes. So triple net lease is right, but it will later add back to the fact very stable and integrated business.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So on triple net, some are CPI based and others are contractual base and in MOB there is a significant CPI component.
John Kim: Got it. And then finally on Kindred, now that it's settled with the Department of Justice, can you maybe describe what its relationship is with Medicare?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Yes. I would say the following. Kindred is the leader in post acute care in the United States. As was announced, Kindred settled in a very proactive way with the Department of Justice relative to acclaim the Department of Justice made for a company that Kindred acquired for activities that occurred before the acquisition. Kindred had a reserve of about $125 million for that and has settled that for approximately the amount of the reserve and is in good standing with all programs and has an excellent compliance functional, which is one of the many reasons that we like to do business with them and our other providers.
John Kim: Actually you touched on another question that I had, because Kindred's press release seem to suggest that the claims were mostly regarding rehab care prior to the acquisition, but since acquisition Kindred has been charging the ultra highway at very -- rising at high rate compared to its history? So are they fully settled now with Department of Justice or Kindred's be an ongoing issue with them?
Debra Cafaro: They are fully settled with the Department of Justice. Again, the claims or pre-acquisition of a company called Rehab Care and Kindred has a very appropriate mix and a high-quality mix between the specialty hospitals and the skilled nursing. And we believe consistently has good compliance and codes appropriately. So I think you may be misunderstanding some data, I'm not…
John Kim: Okay. I'll follow up separately. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Steve.
Steve Sakwa: I guess first question is for Bob. You've got about $550 million of debt maturing this period at 1.6%. What are the plans and what's incorporated into guidance? And any thoughts also taking look at the '17 debt maturities.
Bob Probst: Thanks Steve. We indeed have $500 million of dispositions factored into the guidance as I highlighted and $350 million of new acquisition. So that together with cash flow is driving debt reduction. As part of that we have rolled over as you've highlighted some very low cost debt end of the year, clearly as we look at interest rates here at record lows. We're actively considered different ways to optimize but ultimately, the key being that we we're looking to de-lever and have highlighted that this guidance brings us full out six times by yearend.
Steve Sakwa: So I guess I'm not really clear what, are going to a bond offering or it's up in the air at this point?
Bob Probst: Well, we'll see how things go, but we would do a bond to refinance it at the fourth quarter of the year. But if interest rates make it attractive, we may think about doing that earlier. We'll see.
Steve Sakwa: Got it. Okay. I guess Debby, you talked a little bit about the developments and the developments and would seem like a better use of capital than may be straight up acquisitions, but I'm just curious how you are maybe re-totaling or re-underwriting developments today and just light of where the economy is and maybe what changes are you making internally as you set this projects.
Debra Cafaro: I would say thank you for raising that. We do think that some acquisitions as we said and some redevelopments and developments are good capital allocations. On the ground up development, we are exceedingly selective and I would point you to the fact that the one medical office building ground up development that we're doing is expected to be 75% pre lease with the AA rated hospital system Downtown San Francisco connected to brand new hospital. That meets my hurdle for ground-up development. In terms of senior housing developments ground-up, we've got only two projects underway. Very good market areas in Palm Beach County and San Francisco and there where you are looking at different cycles and economies and so on, we are a partial owner and have brought in third party, pension fund capital as a partner to spread the risk and narrow that. We think those projects will be very successful. Atria is going to manage them. They have good developers. But again, the typical Ventas go with opportunities, but also make sure you're managing risk. So those are our three ground-up developments and I think you'll see us continue to be highly selective in those. On redevelopment, we think there are good opportunities. We have been allocating more capital and those as we've said provide good risk adjusted return.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then last question. I know the skilled nursing is only about 4%. Can you just remind me why that was retained by Ventas when you did this and are there any plans, longer term to take that portfolio to zero as a percentage of your overall?
Debra Cafaro: I'd love to ask you to repeat the question. So let’s hear it again. Ventas NOI is 4% skilled nursing and why did we keep -- why did we keep that okay. So our strategy is really to A, maintain a balanced and diversified portfolio that has always been our strategy. And we also believe that post-acute care is an important component of healthcare delivery in the U.S. We also believe that you're seeing increasing interconnectivity amongst the different segments within healthcare. And so we’re seeing as we showed in our Investor Day, hospitals working with post-acute, post-acute like Kindred and their home healthcare divisions providing solutions to our senior housing operators, etcetera. These are powerful trends that are underway. We have distilled the portfolio in each of those segments particularly post-acute and with our addition of hospitals to be doing business with the leading providers of care in each of those segments. So that we will win the winners and that is our strategy and that is how we've reshaped the portfolio through the spin and the Ardent acquisition and we have a great company and our integrate spot, could you ask that question again?
Steve Sakwa: That’s it for me. Thanks, Debby.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vin Chao: Hey, good morning everyone. Most of my questions have been answered.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Vin Chao: Hi, most of my questions have been answered, hi, most have been answered here already, but just going back to the debt conversation here, leverage coming down below 6, I was just curious how much of that's just a function of the math? You looked at the acquisition opportunities and the disposition opportunities and the math just works out that way, versus a more targeted approach to say hey, let’s look to take our leverage down here, things maybe worse, just curious how that played out, macro wise when I say worse.
Bob Probst: Yeah, absolutely I highlighted a word in the prepared remarks saying that we are deliberately reducing leverage and have said that for the last couple of quarters, we have the benefit of being able to be patient and have been patient. We issued some ATM over the last quarter or so. We're continuing to dispose off assets, $700 million last year and now projecting 500 in '16 and we've record cash flow and those things are going to get us under that six times target and so it’s not math, it’s very deliberate and strategic.
Vin Chao: Okay. And I guess…
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned we have and have always had a very strong balance sheet, got $2.2 billion of liquidity. So we're in a great spot, needs are all self imposed decisions on us to be consistent with our strategy and our principle.
Vin Chao: Okay. Thanks for that. I think I was just trying to get at timing wise if there was any change because of some of the things are headlines are out there that are making a little bit more concern nearer term but…
Debra Cafaro: We're very consistent.
Vin Chao: Okay. Appreciate that and then just maybe a cleanup question here just, you talked a lot about the SHOP outlook on the revenue side. I was just curious it sounds like you think inflation is going to be pretty low here this year, but just wondering how you're thinking about the expense growth in SHOPs.
Bob Probst: Sure, we have incorporated in the guidance some assumption around some wage pressure. Again there has been a lot of talk around that. There are really two forms of that, that can be supply driven or can be tied to minimum wage. Its inherent in our assumptions and I come back to the rate driven strategy, you need to maintaining and cover your margins and you see to drive labor cost productivity and you need to be efficient and the outlook we've given supports that.
Vin Chao: Okay. Can you share what the expense growth assumption is?
Bob Probst: I call it 3% to 4%
Vin Chao: 3% to 4%, okay, thank you. 
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi, yes good morning everyone. Debby I hope you feel better soon.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Tayo. I feel fine.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, good to hear. I just wanted to dig in on acquisitions and dispositions a little bit more, specifically on the disposition side on the $500 million backend guidance, could you talk a little bit about areas you’re looking at and specifically if part of these senior housing operating platform especially that 30% may generate negative same-store NOI growth, whether some of that is up for potential sales?
Debra Cafaro: Yes I think our portfolio optimization efforts have began last year. Will continue this year as we look to dispose off non-strategic assets maybe certain markets. We have a lot of very attractive assets that we think would be desirable in the marketplace as we continue to refine and distill our portfolio.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. But then specifically could you just see some sales of some other SHOP’s stuff?
Debra Cafaro: I think you saw in the first quarter that we did sell the Salt Lake City asset that was high quality SHOP assets and again fixed cap rate, $20 million gain on sales that sort of thing, certainly within the sandbox of possibilities.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it, okay. That’s helpful. Then the $350 million of net new investments in 2016 given that the development under redevelopment pipeline, you still have about $220 million of spend to go there, is that firmly built to that $350 and in the balance of acquisitions?
Bob Probst: To be clear, Tayo it's Bob, the $350 is acquisitions.
Tayo Okusanya: It’s purely acquisitions?
Bob Probst: It is acquisitions yes.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. 
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. And then whatever you need to spend on a development side is a totally different number?
Bob Probst: Correct.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that’s helpful.
Bob Probst: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Good, thanks for the clarification Tayo.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. Can you guys give us some color on the senior housing triple net portfolio, have you done a similar analysis on the SHOP tracking, how this portfolio be impacted by senior housing supply?
Debra Cafaro: Mike I think you’ve gotten clean up today. So we have a good triple net senior housing portfolio, it is characterized by good coverage, good operators. Brookdale is about 40% of it and it has been growing year-over-year. We look at that portfolio differently from SHOP in general because of the significant pooling credit support etcetera and coverage that we have and so we do not believe that it is -- we believe that it has acceptable levels of new supply, but we have reliable cash flows there principally because of the cash flow coverage and the triple net leases that we have that are in pooled bundles that are diversified. So we focus mostly on our high quality SHOP portfolio as we look at construction and development trends.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then within the SHOP I guess there is four leases that have represented 4.5% of ABR with coverage between 1 and 1.09 that's I guess in the senior housing triple net portfolio. How have those coverages trended and is that something that we should continue to watch for?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, those coverages I think are trending little bit of our NOI frankly. I think they don’t even and in general we feel comfortable with those, they’re small, they’re small leases and kind of move up and down over time.
Michael Carroll: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: So if there are no further questions, I want to once again thank everybody for your attention and your support of Ventas. We know that every environment gives us a chance to distinguish ourselves and create value and this time is no exception and I think you can count on us to do so. So we look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ryan Shannon - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Probst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Cobb - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer Todd Lillibridge - Executive Vice President, Medical Property Operations; President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Smedes Rose - Citigroup Nick Yulico - UBS Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies LLC Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Ventas’ Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katina and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will facilitate a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call. Mr. Ryan Shannon, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Ryan Shannon: Thanks, Katina. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. As we've start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and the Company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Ryan and well done. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' third quarter earnings call. After our prepared remarks, our senior leaders including Bob PRobst and John will be pleased to answer your question. At the outset, I want to state that Ventas is now a better, stronger and faster growing company, well positioned to deliver sustained excellence. We now have an even higher quality portfolio operated by the nation's leaders in five major asset types. Our portfolio is diverse and resilient with multiple areas of growth. Our team is lean and energized and our results are strong. I know I speak for all my colleagues at Ventas when I say, how excited I am to share our strategy, progress and prospects with you at our upcoming Investor Day on November 10. Today, I'll hit the highlights of an incredibly productive quarter that personifies what sets Ventas apart and demonstrates our winning edge. It's amazing that the inner disciplinary Ventas team completed two highly structured value creating complex transactions on a tax efficient basis without a snag at the high end of our expectations and in record time during the quarter. And we did so while continuing to deliver solid results. Our third quarter normalize FFO of $1.09 per share represents 7% comparable per share growth versus the same period last year. On the heels of this strong quarter, we are delighted to increase our full-year guidance for both normalize FFO per share and full company same store cash flow growth. When we step back our high quality diverse portfolio operated by the 20 operators that lead each sector accounted for our strong performance. Within the portfolio our metrics are market leading. For example, our NOI contribution from private pay assets stands at 83% and our post-acute quality mix is 75%. We have also maintained our significant scale at $30 billion of enterprise value, our diversification, financial strength, our high-quality senior housing operating portfolio and our best in class MOB franchise. From an investment standpoint, we completed our Ardent Hospital investment on a positive note this quarter. Specifically, we now have $1.3 billion invested in high quality healthcare assets in three key markets where Ardent enjoy a significant market share. Our unlevered going in cash yield is attractive at 8% before cost and about 7.5% on a fully loaded basis. The Ardent ownership group is aligned to ensure Ardent maintained its strong financial profile with room to grow. Currently expect the EBITDA ratio is in the low two times. Most importantly, Ardent is an excellent operator and had a great third quarter. In the third quarter Ardent grew its top and bottom line by mid single digit compared to last year. Ardent also showed positive trend in its key performance indicators during the quarter. We are confident we can grow with Ardent, because of its scalable platform and ownership groups’ collective healthcare experience contacts in capital. We already have a few projects on the drawing board where we can help our Ardent expanded footprint in its existing market, including potential free scanning emergency department and new medical office building. Finally, as a result of our Ardent investment, we've received a notable increase in inbound enquiries from Quality Health System asking how Ventas can help them to grow, better serve patients and physicians and become more efficient. Turning to other asset classes, we continue to devote a meaningful amount of capital to redevelopment investments in our portfolio. These redevelopment investments provide excellent risk adjusted return and hence the quality of our portfolio drive superior growth and help our customers expand their market share. Examples of ongoing projects include an Atria redevelopment and our high end [indiscernible] Connecticut community and a major repositioning in our Edina, Minnesota Brookdale community. We also recently committed to fund two high-end senior housing developments in outstanding locations in San Francisco and Palm Beach County. In both cases, Ventas is the 20% to 25% managing partner in a joint venture with an institutional capital partner. Atria will manage both completed communities and the unlevered stabilized yields from the project should exceed 9%. Turning to another highlight of the quarter, we were delighted to affect our spinoff most of our Skilled Nursing Facilities operated by local and regional care providers at a valuation of $4.3 billion on a tax free basis. This innovative transaction improved our relative cost of capital, strategically repositioned our portfolio, enabled us to distribute to our shareholder CCP common equity value that $8.51 per Ventas share and provided us with $1.3 billion in cash. Post spin, Skilled Nursing Facilities or SNF represent just 4% of our net operating income and our retained SNFs are principally operated by our longstanding partner Kinder Healthcare. In addition to this spinoff, we've also executed year-to-date property dispositions and received loan repayments of $700 million, bringing our 2015 disposition total to nearly $5 billion. From a capital market standpoint, we've also been opportunistic and efficient this year, working around periods of volatility and excess supply. On the equity side for example, we've issued $2.7 billion of common equity at pre-spin pricing of $77 per share and raised $2.5 billion in bank and bond financing. Bob will address the particulars, but sufficed to say our liquidity is outstanding and our credit profile remains strong. On the investment side, we’re pleased with our completed acquisition volume totaling $5.2 billion year-to-date. With interest rates still low and the private bid for cash flowing assets still high, this quarter we saw some notable large transactions price at historically low cap rate. That said we’re beginning to see some sign of wider bid ask spread and longer marketing periods for certain of our asset types. With our emphasis on making value creating investment decisions and our relentless focus on cost of capital, we’re approaching the investment market with discipline. We’re picking the sports where we see accretion, solid risk adjusted return, great real estate, compelling strategic set or the opportunity to help a customer. So we’re executing a clear and decisive strategy at Ventas. As we've done so many times in the past, we believe we’re ahead of the market as we invest capital, select operating partners and make portfolio disposition decisions across a broad array of healthcare asset classes. We've great momentum at Ventas. We’re looking forward to demonstrating our strategy for sustained growth and excellence, shining a bright light on the terrific Ventas’ team and showing the sophistication and scale of our key operating partners at our upcoming Investor Day. We can't wait to see you there. Bob.
Robert Probst: Thanks Debby. Let me begin by reviewing the performance of our portfolio of high quality assets in the third quarter. I would note that unless otherwise indicated my discussion of our portfolio performance excludes the CCP assets that just spun out of Ventas in mid-August. Overall the third quarter delivered strong portfolio performance with same store cash NOI growing 4.3% year-over-year. Our triple net lease assets, which account for approximately 45% of total NOI delivered accelerated growth in the third quarter. Cash NOI for the 511 triple net properties in the same-store pool grew 5.7% in the third quarter of 2015 versus prior year. Same-store NOI growth in the quarter benefited from the $15 million positive annual rent increase for the 48 Kindered assets released with Ventas in October 2014. Even after adjusting for this releasing benefit, which will cycle out October 01, 2015 our triple net same-store NOI grew at 3.4% in the quarter demonstrating a faster growing portfolio following the CCP spin. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2015, the latest available information was strong at 1.6 times. Overall, the property level cash flow performance for our triple net operators was solid growing 3.5% in the quarter. Our senior housing portfolio reported stable trailing 12 months coverage at 1.3 times, while our Skilled Nursing coverage improved from 1.8 times to two times as result of the CCP spin. Turning now to SHOP. NOI in the 239 properties in our same-store portfolio increased 3.2% in the third quarter of 2015 over 2014. In sum, it was a solid quarter but fell slightly short of our expectation. Our core markets continue to outperform well, driving strong rate in NOI growth in the quarter the total performance was modestly affected by discreet assets specific issues and limited supply impact. Our NOI performance was led by continued strong growth across many of our high barrier to entry into locations. Our largest MSA in New York grew NOI nearly 7% in the quarter, while other key markets such as Los Angeles, Boston and San Jose also demonstrated very strong growth in the quarter. In total, our core markets represent more than 60% of our portfolio and has consistently been the engine of growth in short. Further NOI growth in tertiary market such as Cape Cod continued to be favorable in the quarter and the yields of productive development and redevelopment activity. Turning to the challenges, specific asset level performance issues in Chicago, Atlanta and Jacksonville contributed 150 basis point drag overall NOI growth in the quarter. We are working alongside our operators to address these specific issues. Additionally, select markets were impacted by new buildings openings over the last year within our relevant trade area, for example, in markets such as Houston and Riley. That said less than 5% of our overall NOI experienced new supply pressure in the quarter. Looking ahead at new constructions, we continue to refine our methodology to assess supply impacts and now incorporates seven mile and three mile trade areas around our leased assets based on population density. On net basis, more than 17% of our portfolio does not face a supply surplus based on the third quarter NIC data. Against this backdrop, Ventas and our SHOP operators are working to drive operational excellence to continue to performance across all markets as we planned for 2016. In particular, I would like to call up the exceptional performance of our leading operator and partner Atria, accounting for roughly two-thirds of our SHOP NOI, Atria has consistently delivered excellent top and bottom line growth year-in and year-out, including in 2015. I'm fired up that our investor day on November 10th will be at the Atria headquarters. We believe this day will bring to life for our investors, the quality of the Atria team and the scale and sophistication of the operation that underlies this outperformance. Finally, let me turn to our market leading Lillibridge MOB business. For the third quarter 2015, NOI in the total portfolio of 358 properties was $95 million, an increase of 38% over the third quarter of 2014. Performance was driven by solid same-store growth as well as the addition of 83 properties in January. In the 274 properties in the same-store portfolio year-over-year cash flow growth was 3.1%. This was driven by an increase in rental rate of 2.6% and strong expense controls, offset by a marginal decrease in occupancy. Sequentially, occupancy in the same-store pool has trended up consistently since the first quarter, including 10 basis points sequential occupancy gain in Q3 to 92.5%. So the MOB portfolio continues to deliver stable and reliable performance and growth. I would like to now turn to the Company's financials. I'm pleased to report solid FFO performance in the third quarter and our third consecutive increase to our FFO guidance range for the full-year. We're also increasing our full-year company-wide same-store cash flow guidance. One note before diving in, I will discuss our financial performance on both the reported and comparable basis. Our reported numbers include the results of CCP properties for all periods up to August 17, 2015. Comparable results adjust all current and prior periods for the assess of the CCP spinoff as if the spin was completed on January 1, 2014. We think comparable comparison therefore provide a true apples-to-apples view of our underlying performance. Looking at the third quarter, we delivered reported normalized FFO of $365 million or $1.9 per fully diluted share. On a comparable basis, normalized FFO of $0.98 grew 7% versus the third quarter of 2014. The solid Q3 growth over 2014 is primarily due to the positive impact of accretive acquisitions and same-store portfolio NOI growth of 4.3%. These growth drivers were partially offset with a dilutive impact of $683 million in year-to-date asset dispositions, including an additional $90 million through their last earnings call. Early in the third quarter of 2015, Ventas issued and sold a total of 1 million shares of common stock for aggregate proceeds of approximately $67 million under our at-the-market equity offering program, of which approximately 580,000 shares was previously reported. Also as previously reported in July 2015, Ventas issued 500 million of [408] (Ph) senior notes due 2026. In August, in connection with the Ardent acquisition, the company also completed a $900 million five year term loan. Also in August, the company received a dividend from CCP of $1.3 billion. Ventas used these proceeds to repay $1 billion of debt at an effective rate of 3.3%. Debt repayment focused on near-term maturities and mortgages, resulting in an even more attractive maturity profile with a staggered weighted average debt maturity of 7.1 years. The company's net debt to EBITDA at September 30, 2015 is 6.1 times, only modestly above our five to six time targets. Current debt-to-enterprise value now stands at 36%. The company has strong liquidity with approximately $2 billion available under its revolving credit facility as well as $65 million of cash on hand. With that let me now turn to our updated guidance for the full year 2015. We're pleased to raise and narrow our guidance for reported normalized FFO per diluted share to now range between $4.43 and $4.46, representing 7% to 8% growth over prior year on a comparable basis. This new guidance represented $2.5 raise at the midpoint versus our previous outlook of $4.39 to $4.45. We now project full-year total company same-store cash NOI growth of between 3.5% and 4% in 2015, up from the previous 2.5% to 3.5% guidance range. We're updating our same-store SHOP NOI guidance to now range from 2% to 3%, in line with our year-to-date growth of 2.6%. Our triple net same-store growth guidance range is now increased to 5.5% to 6% as a result of the CCP spend and the positive Kindered releasing impact, while our MOB guidance is narrow to range from 2.5% to 3%. We have assumed no further material unannounced acquisitions, new equity or that issuance or asset dispositions in our guidance. Finally, to enhance our transparency and respond to shareholder request, we have expanded our investor disclosure in two areas this quarter. First, on pages 23 and 24 of our supplemental reporting, we provide a quarter analysis of our comparable numbers and related CCP impacts. Second on our full property listing on our webpage, we have now included at an asset level a breakdown of our assisted living, independent living and memory care residence splits for our SHOP portfolio. With that my colleagues and I will be happy to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria representing Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I was just hoping to start out, you could speak a little bit about the hospital business and opportunities you see there and if the recent volatility and weakness, some of the public operators has changed your thinking at all, or how you view cap rates potentially for asset opportunities. And if any of the cost pressures were seen in any of the public operators has filtered through to your exposure with Ardent?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Juan and thanks for the question. Obviously, we've had a long-term secular thesis on the hospital business, which we're lucky enough to have begun to execute during the second quarter. We have always been focused on quality, quality real estate, quality at hospital operators and as a owner of the real estate, obviously are very focused on the EBITDA line. And I think it's very important to understand that we see Ardent having a very good third quarter and even HCA, I would tell you, announced earnings on the EBITDA line that were at the high end of its previously provided guidance range. And so there is a lot of stability on that big EBITDA line and that's we look at as we try to think about the hospital business, because we are at the top of the capital structure in what we do. And in addition, we look at this as having a very high coverage ratio in the case of Ardent in the high two to three EBITDA level. So, we believe this could create a good opportunity for us as we've outlined our strategy to help Ardent grow and really build a hospital business with high quality providers and that thesis remains on target. And we believe that some of the volatility in one particular case has to do with an acquisition and it's not really with the underline fundamentals as we've talked about on the EBITDA line. So that's how we think about it and we would be happy to take any follow-up questions that you have.
Juan Sanabria: And just switching gears to the SHOP portfolio, you mentioned some one-off assets specific issues, I think in Chicago, Atlanta and Jacksonville. If maybe you could just elaborate on that just because a couple of those markets screen as high supply markets from NIC perspective and I think you also mentioned that looking at this three mile and seven mile radius that your portfolio doesn’t face supplier issues versus the NIC data. And I was just wondering how we should think about versus the NIC data, is that just you are not at a higher level than the NIC data or you are in line with it or what's your threshold for elevated supply I guess?
Robert Probst: Yes Juan, this is Bob. Let me start with the change in methodology, because I think that frames the conversation. What we've done is, we've looked at population density to determine what the appropriate rings are and traditionally we looked at our trade area of three mile radius. We think in many markets a seven mile radius makes more sense, in the top highest density market three mile s continues to make sense for us, but we've fined it to reflect for less dense market that have a broader ring, which we think is appropriate. Against that backdrop, we've looked at what are the openings that we've seen in that context in the last 12 months in our markets, and on that basis there are select markets and I highlighted for example, Houston as an example where we have seen an impact and that is affecting our performance. However, today as we look at the quarter, the supply issue really doesn't expand more broadly than that. I think quoted roughly 5% of our business really has been affected as you look at those rings. As we look through the windshield we look forward based on start as that’s based on - opening is based on starts. We highlighted we do see obviously an impact and indeed we've updated our supplemental to reflect that as you look on page 13 you'll see how we've refined that. But against that as we look at the market and say based on construction, where do we think we’re, we see 70% of our portfolio 70 where we don't see an excess supply situation. Obviously that imply through our markets where there is a supply challenge and to the Atlanta point that would be one, but there are others. Nonetheless, we think 70% is insulated and that really plays to the high barrier to entry market that we participate in. So it is a market-by-market conversation and we think we've refined the analysis as we address it this quarter.
Juan Sanabria: And is there any rough sum to what defines excess?
Robert Probst: We've really looked at what is the underlying absorption rate in a market and taking into account not only obsolescence, but population growth and penetration and against that where do we think we have more than the normal absorption rate. And we've ball parked that around the 3% sort of range. So we look at that as a threshold against which more than that would really start to become an excess situation. So that’s how we viewed it.
Juan Sanabria: Okay great and then just last question for me just quickly. If you are seeing any pressures on expenses or what should we be expecting for particular I guess wage growth across the businesses, I’ve been more focused on your idea given your exposure there?
Robert Probst: Right, well if you look at the same-store P&L in the quarter, you'll see revenue and expenses largely growing in line with each other, margin as a consequence roughly in line. We do see wage pressure I mean we've talked about that before, the challenge and the opportunities continue to drive productivity against that and have been largely successful on doing that. So as a result, holding in line the rates and the expenses that will vary as you segment the markets and you look quarter-to-quarter there is always some lumpiness inherent in there, but generally speaking, we've nailed to hold that in line.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose representing Citigroup. Please proceed.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you, you mentioned in your opening remarks some wider bid ask spread and longer marketing times for assets. Could you maybe just talk a little more specifically about what kinds or markets you are seeing wider bid asks and maybe by - across the asset types, and maybe a comment on the product of quality that’s coming to market and overall volume?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good morning Smedes. I'm going to turn it over John Cobb. I would say in asset types where perhaps people are bringing lesser [B-ish] (Ph) assets that’s probably where we’re seeing it the most, but John can elaborate.
John D. Cobb: Right. You're seeing definitely a widening of the bid ask spreads on more B style assets both in the MOB sector also the senior housing sector. I think when we’re looking we definitely had a lot of more inbounds on the hospital sector where we’re seeing high quality operators come through and we’re right on mark on the spreads there.
Smedes Rose: And Bob your leverage came in at 6.1 times, I know it's just a little bit about the high-end of your target range. Could you talk about maybe the plan to bring that down a little bit?
Robert Probst: Sure Smedes. We highlighted last quarter as you recall that we expected to be modestly above six times as a consequences of the spin, which was a leveraging event at 6.1 times where we we’re expected to be. At the time, we talked about just having multiple gloves in our bag and those continue to be available to us. We highlighted some additional disposals in the quarter that’s certainly something we will continue to evaluate. Obviously we have underlying cash flow that can delever naturally overtime and then equity obviously is an option. So, we are not in a rush, we are patient, the good news is we have great liquidity, I highlighted our maturity profile, the availability under the revolver, and so we want to make sure we're opportunistic and patient and do the right thing. So, pretty much right at where we thought we would be.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico representing UBS. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico: Well thanks, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Nick.
Nick Yulico: The talk was that - it sounds like you are thinking supply has not been that much of an impact, yet if you look at your occupancy year-over-year was down 20 basis points in the stabilized pool, I mean that's basically exactly what the industry did for the NIC data. So, if it's not supply causing that occupancy pressure, what else is it?
Robert Probst: Yes, thanks for the question. I highlighted two different drivers in the quarter that were driving some of the weakness and the primary one was more I call it asset specific factors and I highlighted Chicago, Atlanta, Jacksonville. One of the themes if you look within these markets at specific assets that can have a material impact is ED turnover, the executive director at the local level. I mean if they are strong they leave that can have an impact in the short run on occupancy and indeed we saw that in all three of those markets that I highlighted and that was a significant driver. I mentioned the overall same-store performance was affected by a 150 basis points by the performance in those three markets, so you can see that can have a material impact on the overall. Obviously we then talked about the fact, the job is to make sure that we are continuing to work to fill those slots with great people and address the other issues that are "non-supply related" and that's where the operational excellence of leading our operators like Atria can really come to shine. So we're working hand-in-hand with our operators to make sure we address those issues as they arise.
Debra Cafaro: And we did see sequential increase in occupancy in the third compared to the second in the same-store portfolio.
Robert Probst: Correct.
Nick Yulico: Right okay and then for those three markets I mean have you already - has the operator or you already made changes where we should assume that that occupancy issue or that NOI issue is already sort of fixed or this can also be sort of a problem for the fourth quarter?
Robert Probst: Well look I think naturally in the portfolio of multiple assets, you are always going to have some issues right. And I also highlighted the fact that we have I call them the engine of growth in our core markets, 60% of business which has consistently performed very strongly, New York at 7% in the quarter would be the case study of that. For the specific asset issues, absolutely we're working to address those and in some cases we've already taken action. I wouldn't want to pretend that's all going to be fixed in a day or in a quarter, it takes time to address these issues, but as I think about them they are transitory, there are things we can address, there are things where you have leading operators to drive great performance, we are having great staffing, consistent systems, great recruitment and those are the ways that the winners can win in the industry. So, we are absolutely working on it, in these markets particularly we hope to see improvement, but I don't want to pretend it's going to be tomorrow.
Nick Yulico: And I guess just some follow-up on that is that you are talking about ED's leading, I mean presumably if they are leading maybe they are going to newly build communities right? So wouldn't that be a supply impact?
Debra Cafaro: I don't think you can draw a straight line between those at all, I do think in general in the industry there is 50% or so ED turnover in general and so that is just a fact of life in the industry and so, these are just specific markets where I think we're working with the operators to just improve staffing at the building. So I think those are more typical what I would say industry issue that Bob is describing.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thanks. Just lastly any - can we get an update on where occupancy is trending so far in the fourth quarter for the year on SHOP portfolio? Thanks.
Robert Probst: Yes, Thanks. Inherently in the outlook we gave for the full-year, we're assuming we're going to have some modest growth sequentially in occupancy third quarter to fourth quarter and against that to be able to hold our rate. The spot to your point, spot performances would just suggest that's a reasonable assumption. I think it's important to highlight that we will see some year-on-year challenges, we had some non-recurring benefits in the prior year that were going to be lapping. So that's inherent in that forecast as well, I think the underlying sort of revenue profile though will be solid and very consistent with what we saw this quarter.
Nick Yulico: Thank u.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein representing Stifel. Please proceed.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hey Dan.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. So, not that everybody [indiscernible] a couple of questions on that also. If we look at your portfolio today where the construction is, it doesn't look too concerning, but the general start cadence has been moving up, and up, and up for the last four or five quarters. What's your general view and concerns about, if we've look out 12 months 24 months - further down the line or how concerned are you about to supply getting I would say out of hand or just significantly higher than where we are today.
Robert Probst: Well, I would start with the couple with the factors. We highlighted 70% of our portfolio today. We think is insulted based on the methodology that I described and we do have a great portfolio in that regard. That said, 30%, certainly does have exposure and we've seen that trend up as NIC has highlighted, no question about it. So what are we doing against that? I mentioned operational excellence is one way to really partner with the legs of the Atria to drive outperformance, so this is also about share gain. I think there is an opportunity to drive penetration. We've talked a lot about the value proposition of senior housing and how we need to make sure that's well understood. At 10% penetration it doesn't take more than one point of penetration growth to fill all the building in the United States. So that's clearly an opportunity. I mean at the same time, we have to think about portfolio strategy and how we think about our markets and our assets in that context and all of those things as we play our portfolio that as we look forward we think are going to be necessary and important. That said, we like senior housing, we like the SHOP business, we like our operators, we like our position and we are bullish on continuing to drive growth in that business.
Daniel Bernstein: Have you seen any current new developments start to struggle and discount against your properties at this point, I mean the other I guess related to question to that would be, if we can get really granular on the construction that's out there, what kind of price point are those assets that relative to your assets in those markets. I mean I think that's not just a level of construction, but what's being built out there as well that I would like to hear about relative to your portfolio
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think in general, we've taken a conservative or broad approach in terms of what's competitive with our asset across different price point. So that's actually a more conservative slice at looking at developments and I think from time and memorial in real estate you see that when new assets are filling, generally their owners will try to do that on an accelerated basis and that's typically where you see the impact and then that impact tends to evaporate as the new building sells. So, there is nothing different in what we're seeing than what you would normally see in this part of the cycle.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And then switching gears a little bit to the investment side of the external growth in portfolio, you are starting to see bid ask spreads widen out, but I would say they are probably pretty thin relative to historical levels. At the same time, we see high yield bond spreads really have widened out, but do you see any opportunities to - again maybe this isn’t a long-term strategy but a short-term strategy to go ahead and invest a little bit more on the CMBS side or somewhere in a debt stack within the healthcare real estate?
Debra Cafaro: Good question. I think there has been a good level of stickiness on cap rates, because the assets continue to be attractive to institutional capital and international capital, et cetera and that really speaks to the resiliency and the quality and the strong cash flow from assets like we own which is good. We have seen the debt market widen out in terms of spread and we've done a good job over the years of taking advantage of different spots in the capital stack, because we are expert capital providers and that's part of I think to excellence that we bringing and so we are constantly evaluating in our investments decisions across the board, public-to-public, private-to-public, we're in the capital stack mez, bonds, et cetera within the healthcare universe. We believe there are good risk adjusted returns and opportunities and still maintain a diversified portfolio, still have a margin at safety and still the strong balance sheet and so I think there could be a opportunities in that vein and we're constantly as part of our investment team is evaluating those opportunities.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. I appreciate that. Not a question, but just a general comment. Thank you for expanded information on the senior housing portfolio and the supplement on website is very helpful. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Well we appreciate your saying so. So we work - there is a lot of people here who worked very, very hard to make Ventas excellent and also be responsive and transparent to the investment community and so we appreciate your saying so.
Daniel Bernstein: I'm happy to do so. I'll hop off and let others ask questions. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: All right, let’s roll. Next up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Omotayo Okusanya: Good morning everyone. Just a two specific short questions and one kind of longer one if you can indulge me. First of all, I just want to make sure I got this right for 2015 guidance same-store NOI growth guidance is 3.5% to 4%, but yet as a 3Q year-to-date you are at 4.4%, is that something you would need to happening in the fourth quarter that I'm missing?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Robert Probst: Yes, I highlighted the - short answer yes. I highlighted the Kindred releasing benefit that is coming to an end October 1, so you will cycles out of that in the fourth quarter. Even without that you are above 3% and that’s above where were previous CCP spin. So it demonstrates accelerated growth there.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, totally got it thank you now. MOB portfolio 3Q pretty strong same-store NOI growth of 3.6%, but a lot of it seemed expense driven rather than top line driven. Just curious further outlook to kind of maintain operating expenses at current levels or if would expect to see a slowdown in same-store NOI growth going forward if the top line doesn’t move much?
Todd Lillibridge: Tayo this is Todd. We continue to control given our platform, our expense line. I think we've done that you year-over-year consistently around our controllable. I think you are seeing that here in the third quarter which again we continue to see and we’ll see that really throughout the balance of this year.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got it, okay.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and occupancy trended up in the quarter sequentially.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay that’s helpful and then lastly Debby this one is more for you. It's just I mean we've brought up a lot of concerns that the investors have had about the hospital space over the past month or so and given the results that some other public guys have had. Brookdale has had its own unique issues that’s creating concerns about the outlook for senior housing. You are seeing a couple of the Skilled Nursing guys who are talking about pressure on volumes and also kind of talking about all this DOJ OIG investigations into overbilling on the therapy side. I mean there just seems to be a lot of headline risk across several of the healthcare property types. Sort of against that backdrop I mean what can Ventas really do to kind of just prevent people getting overly concerned about these issues and the potential impact on the company whether will or not?
Debra Cafaro: Okay, well that’s a big question, I'll try to answer it briefly. It is fun to be in healthcare right now. I have talked about it as a dynamic sector. 20% of the GDP and like real estate 20% of GDP and we feel lucky to be at the intersection of those. We have a long-term secular thesis in the hospital business, which as I mentioned, we continue to espouse and believe there will be opportunities in this $1 trillion revenue business in the U.S. that is the nerve centre of healthcare, top of the food chain whatever label you would like to put on it and I think there is lots of opportunities there as healthcare continues to evolve those, hospital providers are going to be in the centre of it all with more and more influencing and control over where patients are treated and physicians and so on. So we remain excited about that and I think again, we have a great history in healthcare, we have managed Ventas for the benefit of shareholders through every imaginable reimbursement, capital markets and economic cycles and we have continued to deliver and perform. And so the way we address all of that excitement if you will cross sectors and healthcare is a due we've always done which is to find the operators, invest in the best real estate, have a margin at safety, stay financially strong and flexible and be really, really smart about how we work on diversification, portfolio mix and so on. And I think our hospital investment is evidence of that. Our spin is evidence of that. Our building, the MOB business with Todd is evidence of that. And so everybody has their ups and downs, everybody has their cycles. I think business teaches you to be humble, but at the same time we have demonstrated over and over again that we are good at managing this company for the benefit of shareholders and delivering results.
Omotayo Okusanya: All right Debby Cafaro for NIC president 2016, I like that.
Debra Cafaro: Well thank you very much. So let’s move on to our next questioner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson representing Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Richard Anderson: Thank you. Good morning. It's a quick yes or no question. Maybe if I could paraphrase your hospital kind of thesis given the uncertainty out there. You view that as an opportunity from the standpoint of consolidation perspective, is that the right way to kind of paraphrase your view on hospitals right now?
Debra Cafaro: That’s one part of it, yes.
Richard Anderson: Okay, I said yes or no. So I guess I'll stop there. The triple net growth of 5.5% to 6% what does that compare to previously? How much of that go up with the spin of CCP?
Robert Probst: Rich it's Bob. It's a little bit tough to kind of what you way through that because there is Kindred impact I described which cycled out October 1. If you take that out and you look to other performance in the quarter we are in aggregate well above 3% and in triple net above 4%.
Debra Cafaro: which it was 2% to 3%.
Robert Probst: And it was 2% to 3%. I think as we step back and think about when you look sort of like-for-like overtime what’s the differential in growth rates in triple net as a consequence of the spin, we could see something in the sort of neighbourhood of 40 basis points as a good proxy. So, when you kind of cut through it all that's how we think about it.
Richard Anderson: And then last question, Debby you could probably give an unvarnished view on skilled nursing now at 4% excuse me of your portfolio. A lot of talk about CMS and bundling and all sorts of pilot programs to move people out of post-acute into home health. I'm curious to what degree you think that that would be a concern in the space and also to what degree it cause you to spin off CCP, how much the dog wag the tail or the tail wag the dog from your perspective on that specific issue?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean look we've always said that we believed that Skilled Nursing Facility and other post-acute have a critical role to play in the delivery of care to seniors in the U.S. and we continue to believe that. I would say that as we go toward bundled payments and things like that I do believe we're going to see the hospital providers controlling a lot more at the dollars, which again plays into our hospital as the nerve centre thesis. And there will be a role clearly for a low cost setting, outpatient care, like we own with the Lillibridge business and that's an important part of the evolution that healthcare, but we do believe that the hospital business is going to continue to influence more and more of where patients go in post-acute settings. And to that point we specifically kept for example Kindred that is a leading post-acute provider in the U.S. and as we see them execute an excellent [indiscernible] around integrated care markets, I think they with the data that they have and the expertise and skill they have will likely be a winner as healthcare continues to evolve. So, long answer, but we believe in the post-acute space, we're happy with the portfolio that we've retained and we do think the hospitals will continue to play a larger role frankly in post-acute care with bundling going forward.
Richard Anderson: Are you hanging more of your hat on Kindred's home health business now, you think?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think what's interesting is that we're hanging our hat more on Kindred as the leading post-acute provider with this very evolved, integrated care strategy in their market where they can be a one-stop shop for post-acute patients in any setting as they are discharged from the hospital. And so that's what we like about the Kindred story.
Richard Anderson: Understood. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim representing BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John Kim: Thank u. On your 2015 guidance, your merger related and audit expenses went up significantly to $154 million for the year from $85 million last quarter. Can you just discuss why there was such a large increase in just the past three months?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Robert Probst: Sure, yes, there is really a couple of key factors there, one is obviously we closed Ardent in the quarter and so we had the deal cost associated with that. And then secondly we had obviously the spin separation related cost on that, both of those we kind of consider our transactional expenses.
Debra Cafaro: And the spin was not in the previous, because we had not guided to that.
Robert Probst: Right, exactly we had not included the spin costs as you recall in the last call, but plans to do so once we have spun it out. So those two really are what is driving that difference, it’s obviously focused in the third quarter where all the action happened.
John Kim: So, your prior guidance even though the full-year guidance did not include the expected costs from CCP?
Robert Probst: Correct, we were explicitly excluding the impact of CCP. We gave you the dimensions of it in terms of $0.20 to $0.22 that quarter, but we didn't give the specifics particularly around things like transaction separation costs.
John Kim: Okay. Well, this year it's over 10% of your FFO and transactions do occur every year. So, can you just maybe discuss why it's added to normalized FFO?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it's an apples-to-apples comparison. We have always had normalized FFO, net of transaction cost, because obviously we exclude forward transactions from our guidance and if we simply stop doing transactions that cost would go away. So, we are trying to give investors the clearest indication of the underlined performance of the company. So that's why we started doing it year ago and why we had continued to do it on a consistent basis.
John Kim: Debby based on your discussion of the wide bid ask spreads in the market, is the logical progression that until cap rates move up that acquisitions and disposition volume will probably slowdown or continue to slowdown?
Debra Cafaro: Well again as I mentioned, we are disciplined investors and I think we have the opportunity to move around the wheel in terms of our diverse asset type that we have and so that's a real benefit to us, but we've really identified the kinds of activity that we think will be value creating and we're at the strategic, great real-estate, we are helping the customer and so on and so acquisition volume is always difficult to predict which is why we don't it, but we have acquired probably I don't know $3 billion plus a year over the past consistently over the past years and we will know what our volume is as we evaluate opportunities and see which one of them we think create good value for our shareholders.
John Kim: But that would be on the disposition side of block and does that slowdown in third quarter?
Debra Cafaro: We had originally I think talked in the beginning at the year about half a billion potentially for 2015. So we've well exceeded that with the $700 million year-to-date, so we feel good about that and we will continue to try to be thoughtful and good capital allocation includes, reviewing assets for sale and we'll continue to try to do a good job there as we look into 2016 as well.
John Kim: Okay. And then finally on Brookdale, can you just discuss if you have seen any deterioration in operations and in any of your assets with them?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think our experience with Brookdale is very consistent with their publically reported information.
John Kim: So that would be a yes?
Debra Cafaro: I think, they have - again it's pretty consistent with their overall public performance.
John Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott representing Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott: Hey, good morning. Few questions…
Debra Cafaro: Hey Michael.
Michael Knott: Hi. On the revised 2015 SHOP guidance range, why that so large for one quarter lastly, it sort of implies of four point possible range for 4Q?
Robert Probst: Good question. I think we feel on the base case pretty solid. I think we mentioned we're continuing to do something to try to drive growth and that's going to result in some over under. So it might be overly wide to your point, but I think we want to leave ourselves a little bit of flexibility. So, I think run rate as I kind of go back to - if you look at the underlying run rate, we feel pretty confident in the fourth quarter revenue line and kind of we're that's going to come out.
Michael Knott: Okay and then I'm going to use the modified version of Richard Anderson's yes or no, if you had to make a bet on where you will set 2016 SHOP guidance will be better or worse than the 2% to 3% for 2015?
Debra Cafaro: I can’t wait to talk to you about that.
Michael Knott: Okay. So you are not going to opine on that one?
Debra Cafaro: That's a very consistent process we follow to rollout guidance and there is lot of work involved to do so and we will be happy to share that with you when it's ready.
Robert Probst: We're working on that process with our operators right now.
Michael Knott: Okay. I thought Rich’s approach might help me on that one. If you theoretically broke out your NOI growth, just conceptually for next year for SHOP, just staying on that same topic if you thought about it split between the 70% that you say is supply protected and the other 30%, how wide is that gap between those two buckets?
Debra Cafaro: Isn't that a variation on the first?
Michael Knott: Or just with your 2% to 3% for 2015 maybe you can think about it that way. Is it that materially different or not?
Robert Probst: Yes, look I think where there is new supply that comes online, there will be an impact. There is no question about it and that will look different than the New York City and where you have and continue to see consistent growth, what's that spread it’s not something I would want to call today, but I assume it will be a differential. I think the thing we keep coming back to is to say the core engine is performing well, we like that. Our job is to make sure we continue to look at that other pieces there and how we can address that and to quantify that at this stage would be tough.
Michael Knott: Okay last one for me if I can. Just on the triple net portfolio within senior housing, it looks like the occupancy has continued to decline, so I'm just curious A, on the supply concern there and then B, is that coverage at risk of kicking down in other word you have two decimals.
Debra Cafaro: Can I just return to the prior thing, I mean obviously we have a lot of our triple net senior housing portfolio with Brookdale and this is second quarter data. So again, I think it's pretty much consistently following the publically announced comments from Brookdale that has an outside impact and again we believe they are going to get that back on track and so we feel good about that portfolio.
Michael Knott: Okay, but it's not at risk of rounding down to the next coverage level?
Debra Cafaro: At some point theoretically, but again it's a trailing 12 months number through the second quarter and it’s been pretty consistent there at 1.3.
Michael Knott: Okay. Fair enough thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler representing KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Jordan.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. So, I'm looking at the disclosure for the senior housing operating portfolio the trade area construction, the 4.1% supply number. Is that consistent with disclosure from last quarter or could you give us what that number was last quarter?
Robert Probst: Yes. So it has changed, you are absolutely correct. The 4.1% is on the methodology as I described earlier with seven mile and three mile range, the old methodology was three only. On the three only basis we would have been at 3.2%.
Jordan Sadler: Okay and what was the last quarter of seven mile basis, do you have that?
Debra Cafaro: We have it on the three mile basis.
Robert Probst: Yes on a three mile basis, so like-for-like 3.2% last quarter 3.2% this quarter. So trend wise under the old methodology no change.
Jordan Sadler: And under the new methodology trend wise, do we know?
Robert Probst: We haven’t got that…
Jordan Sadler: Okay, I get it. And then I guess along the same lines, but really taking it from the other side, the demand side. We see the population growth estimates and we know them, but you sort of I think probably touched on the potential for increased penetration that could fill up the entire portfolio globally, nationwide. Can you talk about what you are seeing from a penetration standpoint sort of efforts to increase the level of penetration and if you think they are effective.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think it's interesting, Bob comes from a marketing type companies and consumer products. And I think it's fair to say that we’re still somewhat neanderthal in our industry from his standpoint about how the market and improved market share, and I think his experience is going to help us and our operators to get better at that. But it's really interesting. I think the industry has incredible opportunities to sell the value proposition of what we are offering in senior housing. The wellness benefits to a senior of not being isolated, which has been deemed to be more dangerous than smoking. And also to sell - in selling the value proposition to charge for the kind of tier that’s being delivered to. In many cases high acuity residents. So that’s the big opportunity. I think you see also the opportunity for sales and marketing efforts which are really all kidding aside that’s very rudimentary levels Brookdale is now of course rolling out its new marketing campaign which is I don’t know if you have seen it, but it's quite good. And I think we have opportunities again on selling that value proposition and more sophisticated local and national marketing to really making impact on penetration.
Robert Probst: And I would only add in more segmented offerings, so you don't have just sort of one size fits all, but you have different types of offers whether it would be by type as we've talked a lot about AL, et cetera, but also by price point amenities sort of environment and bringing some of those learning from other industry leaving even within REITs that have done that well. So I think those are all opportunities.
Debra Cafaro: Okay.
Jordan Sadler: Yes, well that helpful. Lastly on that penetration. Is there anything that you have historically that talks about your changes in the net penetration rate maybe over last 10 years?
Debra Cafaro: It's been relative constant and again as Bob pointed out 1% of penetration sells up all the open units in the whole country. So it is a real opportunity and hopefully the industry will be successful in moving that as we look to this next five year period. So we've to move on Jordan sorry.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin representing Barclays. Please proceed.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks. I appreciate you guys taking the question. I just wanted to flash out you talked a couple of times about the long-term hospital strategy being able to start affecting that strategy with the Ardent acquisition. So it sounds like you guys are under the belief that more and more dollars will go through the hospitals through bundling. And I just want to see what are your thoughts on the long-term payor mix and volumes and the value of inpatient hospital. And then should we understand this as Ardent being the management company that you will use to acquire or are you listening to incoming calls in the sense that you would be willing to look at investments with other operator?
Debra Cafaro: Let's just take that last one first, which is I do think because of the quality and experience Ardent's management team, it's scalable platform. We do have an opportunity to grow and consolidate with Ardent just as we did the Lillibridge MOB business, just as we've done with the Atria. But I also believe that we are going to build as we have in these other businesses a business and the inbound calls really are where we could work with the quality hospital system to really do some of sort of sale lease back transaction with them, and that would be a separate way for us to grow that business. As then in terms of the hospital again being the nerve centre of healthcare delivery, we do believe that the hospitals will play an increasingly large role as these different segments or sites of care start to convert in a post HCA world, and the hospital will be more influential and where the patient goes where comes from, where it goes, et cetera and that's part of why we want to align with that giant, very influential industry as you well know as we continue to invest in healthcare, we think that's a very important piece of the overall holistic delivery of healthcare and that they are at the top of the food chain. So, that's one thing and then in terms of - we look at this as really owning a market if you will of real-estate and not only the core hospitals but also the feeder and out-patient facilities that the hospitals may own, because healthcare has provided has holistically. And so, we would imagine that in that overall system because of demographics, because of improving economy, because of more insured patients, we're going to capture bigger volumes overtime.
Joshua Raskin: And then do you have a target in terms of how big you want the hospitals to be as the percentage of the total NOI?
Debra Cafaro: Our focus is really on the quality of the operator and the real-estate and their position in the market just like we've sort of done our MOB business where we've really done business with the best and 89% of our NOI comes from investment grades, hospitals, affiliations and HCA. So, it's really more of the quality of the opportunities that we get presented that will drive how big that piece of pie can get and the timing of our growth in that business.
Joshua Raskin: Okay, and then last one just I think you said Ardent specific in the third quarter, talked about growing both top line and bottom line, any commentary specifically around payor mix and what they are seeing for commercial volumes?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean mix stayed relatively constant and so I think they had a good quarter across the board.
Joshua Raskin: Okay, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay lets go guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender representing Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender: You mentioned earlier that the CCP spin improved your cost of capital. Can you just discuss what factors you look at to make that statement?
Debra Cafaro: An improved relative cost of capital and what I mean by that is simply when you strip out market tinges say in the REIT market that multiple improved and so it's just as simple as that.
Todd Stender: And the ratings agencies, do they make any comments on now you don't have SNF exposure?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that the rating agencies have acknowledged in our conversations with them that we have a higher quality, more private paid portfolio that is very attractive and so I think we agree on that.
Robert Probst: I think they would say it's a credit positive?
Todd Stender: Okay thanks and just a quick one for Todd, can we hear your expectations for what the MOB portfolio, same-store is going to look like, maybe just your revenue expense in NOI growth?
Todd Lillibridge: Well as Bob alluded we are modified our guidance. So, we see ourselves in that 2.5% to 3% range, I think we will be at the upper end of that range by year end and we see that range going into 2016 as well.
Todd Stender: And any changes to your CapEx assumptions?
Todd Lillibridge: No, not as we it now, except for the fact I think we're going to see some significant redevelopment opportunities in our portfolio next year.
Todd Stender: Great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay, we have a couple more or one more? Okay finish that and clean out.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Michael Carroll representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll: Can you guys give us some color on the hospital inbound calls that you received are these from for profit operators and what did they need to be capital for?
Debra Cafaro: Again, the hospital sector is very gigantic and Todd has about 400 clients, so I won't go down his call list, but it's both type I would say as we've mentioned before there is not for profit, there is for profit, there is publicly traded for profit, there is private equity backed for profit. So this is all across the board and so I think what the opportunity we have is really to show how we can really provide capital to high quality operators that will help them run their business better, we'll help them grow, we'll help them consolidate market share and then they would use those proceeds for sort of income producing, consolidation, adding debt covers, that type of thing, I see all the kinds of high returning activities that a hospital can do.
Michael Carroll: Then last question does the dislocation in the public hospitals stock prices over the past month or so, does that provide then causes more opportunities to deploy capital in a space or is it just too early to tell?
Debra Cafaro: I think it's too early to tell but I do believe in this long-term secular thesis and I do believe in the recent activities and excitement in our space will give us greater opportunities and we'll be patient, we will look for quality and we'll look to win with the winners as we have every other segment so thank you.
Michael Carroll: Great. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Any other questions, Mike?
Michael Carroll: No, I'm good.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Great, well thanks for bearing with us guys. We really appreciate as always your time and attention. It was an incredibly productive quarter and we can’t wait to see and move on the 9th and the 10th. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Probst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Raymond Lewis - President Todd Lillibridge - Executive Vice President, Medical Property Operations; President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services
Analysts: Nick Yulico - UBS Smedes Rose - Citigroup Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch Derek Bower - ISI Group Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Derik and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We shall facilitate a question-and-answer session at the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Derik. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2015. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now, for the last time, turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' second quarter earnings call. This morning, we are happy to share a strong Q2 results, discuss our pending strategic transactions and describe how we expect to finish the year strong as a higher-quality faster-growing company. Then, Ray Lewis will provide his last update as our President, giving you a report on our portfolio performance and a sneak peek at Care Capital Properties. Bob Probst will finish by describing our senior housing operating and financial results and our outlook for the balance of the year. Following our remarks, we’ll be happy to answer your questions. It's obvious that we had an incredibly productive quarter. We drove financial results, accelerated progress on our spin-off, took meaningful steps forward on our Ardent acquisition and expanded our international profile, all at the same time. It's always fun to start with strong results. In the second quarter, we generated normalized FFO per share of $1.18, representing 5% growth compared to the same period last year. Cash flow from operations increased 20% and our second quarter dividend per share grew 9%, in line with our long track record of sustainable recurring dividend growth. We are also pleased to report that we’ve achieved major milestones in our pending strategic moves to spin-off most of our skilled nursing portfolio into CCP and enter the US hospital space. We believe these innovative decisions will deliver significant benefits for our investors, lenders, customers and employees. Starting with our spin-off of CCP, a pure play skilled nursing REIT, we are poised to complete the transaction in the coming month, subject to applicable approvals. We recently filed our amended Form 10 with the SEC and believe it is close to final. CCP is well underway with its debt financing and all of our internal planning is on track. We expect Ventas and CCP to be two faster-growing companies with focused differentiated strategies. CCP will be an exciting external growth vehicle with a great management team, diverse portfolio and strong balance sheet. Upon completion of this spin-off, Ventas will have an outstanding portfolio, specifically our NOI contribution from private pay assets will improve to a market leading 83%, the top 20 operators in each sector will account for 83% of our NOI and our post-acute quality mix will improve materially to a best in class 78%. We will also retain significant scale, diversification, financial strength, a high-quality senior housing operating portfolio and best in class MOB or medical office building franchise. We have also made significant strides during the quarter toward completion of our pending Ardent investment. Most importantly, we selected a partner for the Ardent OpCo, Equity Group Investments, who will be the majority owner of Ardent going forward. We are delighted with the outcome of our process and our new partner and we look forward to working together with EGI and Ardent’s management team to grow together. We expect to achieve approximately a 7.5% going in cash on leverage yields on our real estate investments in these high-quality hospital assets. We continue to target a third quarter closing for this important transaction. After closing, Ardent will remain a top 10 US hospital operator, with a strong financial and operating profile. Both we and EGI are attracted by the massive fragmented and rapidly consolidating hospital sector. Hospitals are currently benefiting from major positive trends such as demographics, policy tailwinds such as Medicaid expansion and an improving economy. The recent Supreme Court decision in King v. Burwell to validate federal exchanges and subsidies was just the icing on the cake in terms of our investment thesis and valuation. All of those trends are driving growth in admissions and emergency room visits. In fact, according to noted hospital analyst A. J. Rice, Q2 hospital volumes were the best in years, with industry inpatient admissions up 1.2%, ER visits up 3.1% and inpatient surgery is the strongest since 2011. In sum, with Ardent’s experienced, well-respected management team and scalable platform, EGI’s participation and our capital, we are confident we can build a formidable business in the US hospital space. During the quarter, we also expanded our footprint in the UK with the follow-on investment with our existing operating partner Canford Healthcare. Our new investment totaling $87 million is in five care homes in the London market, whose operations have been assumed by the quality team at Canford. We worked together with Canford following our initial investment with them in January to identify, underwrite and acquire these newly constructed homes, which are subject to long-term triple net lease yielding nearly 6.5% on an initial cash after-tax basis. This is just another great example of how we provide capital to help our customers grow. Our investment market remains very vibrant and our pipeline robust. We continue to see opportunities to invest across asset classes and geographies. We intend to continue to grow externally. As we think about our investments, we will stay disciplined; we will focus on value creation, growth and quality for our shareholders and customers; we will carefully underwrite risk and upside; we will be active where we have a competitive advantage; and we will retain our portfolio balance and a strong financial profile. Our actions demonstrate Ventas’ leadership and clear direction, with our thoughtful and efficient spin-off, it should create value and position us for higher internal and external growth, with our entry into the $1 trillion new hospital sector with quality partners and real estate and excellent risk-adjusted returns, with our expansion into new attractive markets such as the UK and with our accelerated portfolio enhancement and capital recycling. All of this momentum reinforces how bullish I am and Ventas. We have tremendous opportunity to capture value for our shareholders as we demonstrate the superior quality of our portfolio, focus on sustainable cash flow and dividend growth and provide thoughtful capital solutions to our roster of top tier customers. On that note, I’ll turn the call over to Ray.
Raymond Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. Our diversified and productive portfolio of 952 senior housing post acute and hospital triple net lease assets accounts for about half of our NOI and delivered another quarter of strong and stable performance. Cash NOI growth in the triple net same-store pool was 1.6% in the second quarter of 2015 and 3.2% year to date versus the comparable 2014 period. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2015, the latest available information, was strong and stable at 1.6 times. Each of our senior housing, skilled nursing and hospital portfolios reported stable trailing 12 months coverage at 1.3 times, 1.8 times and 2.2 times, respectively. The reimbursement environment remains stable. In the first quarter, we told you that CMS has recommended increases of 1.4% for skilled nursing, 1.2% for LTCHs and 1.7% for IRFs. These recommendations are typically finalized in August and we expect increases along these lines to be implemented in October for the 2016 fiscal year. So our high-quality triple net portfolio continues to deliver reliable performance. Next, let me turn to our market-leading Lillibridge MOB business. For the second quarter 2015, NOI in the total consolidated portfolio of 359 properties was $93.2 million, an increase of 35.8% over the second quarter of 2014. Performance was driven by solid same-store results and the addition of 83 properties in January. Occupancy in the total consolidated portfolio was up 80 basis points to 92.5% and margins increased by an exceptional 320 basis points, reflecting the quality of the properties we acquired. Of the 83 newly acquired MOBs, 37 are long-term triple net leased. And of the remaining 46 multitenant buildings, we have insourced management on 37 assets so far and expect to insource five more by year end. So we are excited about the opportunity to implement our operational best practices in these buildings to drive revenue and reduce operating costs. Turning to same-store, the 274 properties in the same-store portfolio delivered year over year cash flow growth of 2.3%. This was driven by an increase in rental rate of 2.1% and strong expense controls, offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Sequentially, occupancy in the 275 properties same-store pool was up 20 basis points since the first quarter. Looking behind the revenue numbers, we are seeing encouraging trends in the business. Our new leases have longer terms, higher base rental rates and lower tenant improvement commitments than during the last few years. So the MOB portfolio continues to deliver stable and reliable performance and growth. Before turning the call over to Bob, I’d like to provide an update on the spin-off of most of Ventas’ skilled nursing portfolio to Care Capital Properties. As a reminder, CCP is going to have a diversified portfolio of 355 primarily skilled nursing properties with strong coverage, limited near-term maturities and relationships with over 40 operators. We will deliver external growth by investing with quality regional and local skilled nursing operators to consolidate this highly fragmented $120 billion market and grow internally through lease escalations and redevelopment. Our balance sheet will be strong and we will have low leverage to facilitate our external growth. Since we spoke to you last quarter, we've made significant progress on the spin-off. First, I'm extremely pleased to report that we have assembled our independent Board of Directors, with a group of six highly respected leaders in the fields of real estate, finance, and healthcare. Second, we have made significant progress with our bank financing and expect to have $1.4 billion in term loans and $500 million of revolver capacity in place at the time of spin-off. Third, progress with building out the team and infrastructure has been progressing rapidly and I’d like to thank my colleagues at Ventas, many of whom are pulling double duty, for all of their hard work to make this spin-off of CCP a success. Fourth, the CCP team is hitting the ground running and building a pipeline of attractive skilled nursing investment opportunities. We have hired an experienced and well regarded industry investment professional to help us source new investment opportunities and we are actively bidding on deals in our strategic footprint. Finally, we are on track to complete the spin in August, subject to applicable approvals. The new leadership team is looking forward to getting on the road, meeting with investors and sharing the exciting CCP story. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Probst: Thank you, Ray. I’d like to start by reviewing our second quarter performance for our SHOP portfolio, followed by a discussion of our overall Ventas Q2 financial results. In terms of SHOP, I really enjoyed meeting with our operators, touring our fantastic assets and digging into this great business a bit more deeply over the last several months. And I’m very pleased to report accelerated growth of this portfolio in the second quarter. NOI in the 234 properties in our same-store portfolio increased 4% in the second quarter of 2015 over the second quarter of 2014. This performance was achieved despite the lingering effects in the second quarter of a severe flu season. Second quarter same-store occupancy growth versus prior year was solid at 50 basis points and occupancy increased in both Atria and Sunrise portfolios. Year over year rate growth was also strong at 3.2%, driven by the Atria portfolio. Expenses grew in line with revenue in the quarter, as wage increases were partially offset by benefit savings and procurement initiatives. As a result, same-store SHOP NOI margins of 33.6% in the second quarter were stable versus prior year. On a sequential basis and consistent with seasonal patterns, same-store occupancy declined in the second quarter versus the first. Sequential same-store NOI was up 3.9% as seasonal costs associated with flu and harsh weather in Q1 abated in the second quarter. As we look to the back half of the year, for the same-store SHOP portfolio, we expect occupancy to trend higher versus second quarter levels. We also believe that current rate levels will hold and expenses will move in line with revenue. Therefore, overall, we expect same-store SHOP NOI growth to approximate or exceed 4% in the third and fourth quarters. Turning now to the 305 assets in the total SHOP portfolio, the total SHOP portfolio generated NOI after management fees of $155 million in the second quarter, representing growth of 24% year over year. This growth was driven by the strong same-store performance as well as the acquisition of 66 new properties since the second quarter of 2014. Occupancy in the total portfolio at 91% was 70 basis points higher in the second quarter of 2015 compared to the prior year. Our total US portfolio occupancy in the top 99 markets at 90.8% exceeds the average senior housing occupancy reported by NIC by 80 basis points, while our RevPAR exceeds NIC averages by 65% in those same markets. Looking at the supply dynamics in the broader senior housing landscape, Ventas’ construction as a percentage of inventory in the 3-mile trade radius around our buildings was 3.2% in the second quarter, which compares favorably to the 4.5% as measured by NIC in the top 99 markets. I’d like to now turn to the company's financials. It's important to say upfront how pleased we are with the results of the second quarter and the first half of the year as well as our outlook for the full year. Looking at the second quarter, we delivered normalized FFO of $394 million, an increase of 19% versus prior year. Q2 normalized FFO per diluted share was $1.18 versus $1.12 in 2014, an increase of 5%. The solid Q2 growth over 2014, which was ahead of our expectations, is primarily due to the positive impact of accretive acquisitions, same-store portfolio NOI growth of 2.4% led by growth in our SHOP portfolio and income from the sale of healthcare bonds. The solid FFO growth was partially offset by a 13% increase in share count in Q2 versus prior year. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the second quarter of 2015 increased to 334 million shares compared to 296 million in Q2 2014. On a fully diluted share basis, NAREIT FFO grew by a strong 8% to $1.16 per fully diluted share, up from $1.07 in the second quarter of 2014. Normalized FAD for the quarter totaled $1.08 per fully diluted share, an increase of 7% over last year. Ventas generated $374 million in operating cash flow in the second quarter, an increase of 20% over Q2 2014. On a per share basis, operating cash flow increased to 7%. The dividend for the quarter totaled $261 million or $0.79 per share, up 9% versus prior year. Our payout ratio remains strong at approximately 67% and provides upside for future dividend growth. Indeed, we expect to increase our combined dividend following the spin by at least 10%. Looking at liquidity, asset dispositions and loan repayments year to date raised $591 million at a GAAP yield of 7%, right in line with our guidance. During the second and third quarters [of 2015] Ventas also accessed the debt and equity capital markets. We issued and sold a total of 1.6 million shares of common stock for aggregate proceeds of approximately $105 million, under our at-the-market equity program, at an average price per share of $64.30. We raised this modest amount of equity to partially fund pending and closed investments. In July 2015, Ventas also issued $500 million of 4.125% senior notes due 2026. These notes lengthened our debt duration which now stands at a weighted average of 6.8 years. Moreover, the company currently has approximately $1.7 billion available under its revolving credit facility as well as $410 million of cash on hand. The company’s net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA at June 30, 2015 is 5.6 times. Current debt-to-enterprise value now stands at 35%. With that, let me now turn to our updated guidance for the full year 2015. As a reminder, our previous outlook was to deliver 2015 normalized FFO per share in the range of $4.67 to $4.75. We’re pleased to now raise and narrow our guidance range of normalized FFO per fully diluted share to between $4.70 and $4.76, representing 5% to 6% growth over prior year. The drivers of this updated guidance included better than expected first half and accretive acquisitions closed in the quarter, partially offset by a later Q3 Ardent closing date than previously forecasted. We continue to project full year total company same-store cash NOI growth of between 2.5% to 3.5% in 2015. This compares to the 2.8% same-store NOI growth posted in the first half of 2015. In addition, as we discussed with you at NAREIT, we expect our full-year SHOP growth to be in the lower end of our 3% to 5% guidance range. We have assumed no further unannounced acquisitions or speculative fee income in our guidance. This guidance also does not take into consideration any impact from the spin-off of Care Capital Properties. We will formally update guidance once the spin-off transaction is completed. However, to provide an idea of the spin impact on Ventas, the reset of FFO arising from the spin of CCP for one full quarter will be $0.20 to $0.22 reduction in normalized FFO per fully diluted share for Ventas. In terms of capital structure, Ventas is committed to a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility and to a target net debt to EBITDA ratio in the 5 times to 6 times range. We have multiple clubs in our bag to achieve this range overtime, including an asset disposition program, equity issuance and, of course, our strong cash flow generation. So to sum up, on behalf of my Ventas colleagues, I would like to express how fired up we are about our strong results in the first half and our commitment to finishing 2015 as the superior faster growing company. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be from the line of Nick Yulico, UBS.
Nick Yulico: For the skilled nursing portfolio, there is one that closed, recently someone else purchased and there are several other ones out there, you didn't announce any acquisitions, are you guys have to wait procedurally for the spin of Care Capital before you are willing to buy a skilled nursing portfolio out there today?
Debra Cafaro: I’ll turn that over to Ray, after I just say that we are able to purchase any asset and we're working on pipeline opportunities for Care Capital because it is a strong external growth story.
Raymond Lewis: Nick, Debbie is 100% right. I mean, I think as we’ve said in the past, there are differentiated strategies with respect to acquisitions. We’re going to target the regional and local operators and we've been working with the Ventas team to build a pipeline of those opportunities. So we're going to hit the ground running when we spin-off. But if there were large national operator opportunities as well, I'm sure Debbie and her team would be looking at those opportunities too. So we're proceeding full steam ahead and bucketing the transactions in the appropriate categories for the go forward.
Nick Yulico: And then one another Care Capital spin question, originally you were talking about raising debt at Care Capital and dividending cash to Ventas, concurrent with the spin, and you did a bond yield recently, is that plan now off the table, how should we think about that?
Robert Probst: You're absolutely right. There is certainly a plan for CCP to raise its own debt and that's gone very well as we discussed in our prepared remarks and then distribute that to Ventas. We will use that to reduce near-term maturities, increase our duration of our debt and reduce our debt net-net. So that is on track and remains unchanged.
Nick Yulico: And sorry, can you remind me what the dollar amount would be for that?
Robert Probst: We, I think, said before something in the $1.3 billion range, but again it's going to be finalized upon completion.
Nick Yulico: And then just one other question on the quarter, it looks like your investment income was little higher than normal, I think you said about you got some income from the sale of some healthcare bonds, could you just quantify what that impact was for the quarter?
Robert Probst: Sure. We sold about $75 million [worth of] healthcare fixed-income securities. This was part of our broader disposition planning, indeed its part of our normal course of business as we invest in loans and obviously sold those off in time. That contributed about $6 million in income in the quarter. So that's what we discussed in the prepared remarks.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Smedes Rose, Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just a little on the senior housing operating portfolio, it looks like in your top 20 markets that the sequential growth from first quarter to second quarter was particularly strong in New York and made up quite a bit of the overall increase. I was just wondering if there were some sort of – is it something that's going on there where you saw better pricing power or some sort of on the move-in side or something that was happening sequentially in the New York market for you?
Robert Probst: I think you are right to say New York continues to generate great performance. We have an advantage position in that market, particularly within the Atria portfolio and we've seen occupancy growth, rate growth and that generates continued positive growth in the quarter sequentially and year over year. So that's the biggest piece of our business. As you know, it's performing very well.
Smedes Rose: Debbie, just as you’re further down the road with Ardent now, I know you have said in the past that you hope Ventas will become a leader in hospital consolidation. Do you have a sense as to maybe where after you close – where you’d like to see that portfolio in a year? Would you be happy if your investment goes from 10 to 20 hospitals or from 10 to 15 or how you are thinking about the scope of that opportunity?
Debra Cafaro: As we've talked about, we love the Ardent investment. We’re excited to close it. All the pieces are falling in place and we believe it will be a platform for growth in the way that Lillibridge in medical office and Atria in senior housing has been. I think in hospitals, there is this huge market and we will have opportunities. And it will be 6% of our NOI when we close and I could see that growing over time 10%, 12%. But we're focused on quality and we want to have hospitals that have leading positions in their markets and in the right markets and have pricing power and sort of growing operations. And that's what Ardent is and we want to continue to go down that path. So we’re very excited about it as you say and I do believe and hope that we will grow.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Jordan Sadler, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: Wanted to see if you could maybe shed a little bit more light on what pro forma leverage would look like. I think the recent number was helpful post CCP spin, I think that was FFO going down $0.20 to $0.22 quarterly and I was just curious what sort of assumed as it relates to the capital structure in that $0.22? So I guess pro forma leverage and then the assumption to get to the $0.20 to $0.22 on the cap structure?
Robert Probst: In terms of our leverage, Ventas pro forma post both Ardent and CCP, what’s inherently assumed is a net debt to leverage slightly above 6 times. That is in part why we reinforced our commitment to the 5 to 6 time leverage in the tools in our toolkit to get there. I think as I noted in terms of the dividend from – our distribution from CCP, that's going to be a net reduction in debt. But obviously, the strong balance sheet that CCP is going to have to pursue its acquisition strategy is going to net-net be modestly leveraging for us. So that's how we end up at that slightly about six times number.
Jordan Sadler: And the $0.20 to $0.22 reflects that dividend from CCP, essentially?
Robert Probst: That’s correct, yes. [indiscernible] interest expense arising from the debt reduction is included.
Jordan Sadler: And then in the press release there is – you talk about sort of the funding of Ardent coming from a few different components, including obviously equity. Any thoughts surrounding – and I'm not asking you about that. Just around asset sales and what the scope of that might look like, any opportunity to pick as a source of funding as well?
Debra Cafaro: You’re right on point there. We’ve already sold $600 million of assets this year. And as Bob talked about different clubs in our bag, I’m not a golfer, but I know what that means and that means we have a lot of opportunities to recycle capital as part of this as I spoke about portfolio enhancement as well and capital recycling. And so we’re very confident in our position.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors.
Kevin Tyler: It's Kevin Tyler here with Michael. Just now that your cost of capital advantage is virtually gone, your shares are trading closer to NAV as we see it, how do you think about approaching capital allocation?
Debra Cafaro: Good. First of all, I'm absolutely enthusiastic that our cost of capital advantage is going to return and that's part of the value creation opportunity that I talked about and the quality of the portfolio that we have. And so I’m excited about that. And as I mentioned, we have managed this company and grown through every possible capital markets reinvestment and economic cycle. And we always find a way at Ventas to deliver value and results. And we do it again and again and again. And so I feel good about our ability, whether it's through capital recycling or other ways to continue to grow and drive value. I think as we said about the hospital deals, we think we’re skating to where the puck is going. We think that's great risk-adjusted return. We are building a new business in an area where we can have an advantage and clearly can be profitable for shareholders. And so I think we’re taking all the right steps to position the company for continued growth.
Kevin Tyler: Just shifting to the UK for a second, can you talk about your appetite in that market currently? Obviously, seeing the $90 million or so that you put to work there. But can you just give us some color on that opportunity set and if you have any concerns surrounding some of the staffing, nursing shortages that we've read about?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, the UK market shares a lot of the characteristics that we talked about in terms of being an attractive international market, which are obviously demographics, policy support for healthcare and seniors, very high and efficient capital markets environment so that you can match fund and effectively hedge your cash flows and a big enough market, addressable market for us to make all the brain damage worth it. And so we obviously have identified the UK. We had our Spire hospital investment which we are very excited about, Spire being the second largest private hospital operator in the UK, publicly traded with over £1 billion equity cap and that's going well. Now, we’ve identified Canford as a partner there in the care homes market. And as I mentioned, we did our first deal with them in January and now did a follow-on deal with them already to help them grow their business. And so we like that market, we believe we will expand there overtime, but obviously it's on a case by case basis and we've established some good footprints there and we hope to grow those.
Operator: And our next question will be from the line of John Kim, BMO Capital.
John Kim: Follow-up on Jordan's question. So far you have mentioned capital recycling as the source of funding the Ardent acquisition, but this year you have been basically match-funding acquisitions with dispositions, excluding Ardent. So should we be expecting an acceleration of asset sales in the third quarter?
Debra Cafaro: In terms of funding Ardent, we’ve raised $0.5 billion in bonds and we also have a five-year bank loan. And as Bob mentioned, we raised $100 million in equity during and after the quarter in terms of our ATM. So we've got that funding in place, but as we go forward, again, we have talked about a modest amount of additional asset sales and so on as part of our capital recycling and portfolio enhancement initiatives.
John Kim: I think Bob mentioned on prior calls that this would be a leverage-neutral transaction. So I just wanted to clarify is that a day one leverage neutral or is it after a certain period?
Debra Cafaro: Good question.
Robert Probst: Thank you for clarifying. It will not be day one leverage neutral. We think it's appropriate to be able to show with the permanent capital structure to talk about it that way. But based on the financing, as just described by Debbie, it will be slightly leveraging in the short run, again that's why we come back to the discussion around our target from a long-term and short-term capital structure perspective.
John Kim: Debbie, you mentioned Equity Group as an important partner for you and your plan to grow together. Given the company's illustrious property background, do you have any idea or an inclination if they are attracted to hospitals as a real estate play?
Debra Cafaro: It's important to note that EGI, which for those of you who don't know, is the private equity firm founded and run by Sam Zell. 70% of EGI’s investments are in non-real estate businesses. And they have an impressive and extensive track record of investing success across a wide variety of industries, including energy and healthcare. And so they are the equity sponsor of Ardent OpCo, our tenant. And of course, we will be partners then in helping the OpCo grow, but we are the real property partner and we will own all the real estate at the closing and presumably participate in owning additional real estate as Ardent identifies additional acquisition opportunities. And EGI will be the equity sponsor on the operating company side.
John Kim: So would it surprise you if they got interested in real estate in the future or have those conversations not happened?
Debra Cafaro: We are clearly the best owner of the real estate as a public company, just like EQR is the best owner of apartments on the real estate side and so I think the interest really there in Ardent is in the tenant operator.
John Kim: And then I had a question on your disposition disclosure, which I know is relatively new and I appreciate that. But there have been six assets that you sold during the period that had a zero cap rate and I just wanted to understand if that meant there was no operator at these assets or if the facility was basically cash flow negative.
Debra Cafaro: Not cash flow negative, just not income producing. It was an infinite return, but we didn't have that little sideways 8 on our typewriter.
Operator: And the next question will be from the line of Todd Lukasik, Morningstar.
Todd Lukasik: I was just wondering if you guys could comment anymore on the triple net deals done in Oregon and the UK on the senior housing side, specifically with regards to the terms of the leases and what the lengths and any rent escalators that the tenants may have agreed to on those.
Debra Cafaro: We will do.
Raymond Lewis: So the UK we talked about which was the Churchgate follow-on from Canford, which I think Debbie walked through, which is we think [indiscernible] between 2% and 5%. That's the follow-on deal with Canford. And a small deal we did in Oregon was with an existing customer, Avamere, which we added to their existing master lease that we have in place and that I forgot the specifics, but it is north of 2%.
Todd Lukasik: And the lengths are longer term with renewals?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, the Churchgate, as can be typical in the UK, is longer and the Avamere one I'm guessing is at least 10 years.
Todd Lukasik: And then do you guys have any guidance with regards to the dividend payout ratios for CCP and Ventas post spin?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, again good question, dividend growth is an important part of our value proposition and again we are very proud of our track record of 9% dividend growth for the last 10 years. What we’ve said is on a combined basis after the spin that the combined dividend will go up by at least 10%. We've said in the Form 10 for CCP that the expectation is that there will be 75%, 76% of FFO targeted, normalized FFO targeted as the dividend payout ratio. Bob mentioned our current is about 67% and so there is room for growth there and we’ve hovered in and around that 70%-ish plus or minus overtime at Ventas.
Operator: And the next question will be from the line of Vincent Chao, Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao: Just wanted to ask a question about the supply here. It doesn't seem to have impacted results in the SHOP portfolio here this quarter and sounds like you still expect 4% growth in quarters three and four. But just curious if you could just maybe provide some qualitative color on what you are seeing on the supply side. It does seem like that went up quite a bit versus last quarter.
Debra Cafaro: I’m going to ask Bob to comment in greater detail, but I think the important thing to lead us with is also that the demand side is growing. And the demand side is growing inexorably through the demographics and the fact that over 85 population is the fastest-growing part of the US population and within that Alzheimer's unfortunately and dementia care are two of the growing subsegments of the care that we provide. And so I think it's very important to think about the demand side and balance that as you look at the supply side. And I would turn it over to Bob to talk about the supply question.
Robert Probst: We mentioned in the prepared remarks that our inventory construction percentage is about 3.2%. That compares favorably to NIC. I think that reflects the advantage position we have in places like New York as we talked about earlier. There has been an uptick in certain markets for sure as Nick has talked about, as we observed. But again, it's spotty and we like our portfolio relative to where we see that growth. So net-net, not only do we feel good about the growth in the second half as I talked about, but as we think about the supply/demand equation, how that plays out overtime, we continue to be bullish about the SHOP portfolio.
Vincent Chao: Just maybe another question going back to the triple net portfolio, the 1.9% – 1.6% same-store NOI growth, I know that does bounce around quarter to quarter and in some cases there might be some fees in there like last quarter. But is the 1.6%, was there anything driving it down the other way this time or is that sort of a normalized run rate outside of fee income that you might get every once in a while?
Raymond Lewis: So you are right to point out that from anyone quarter to another we may have more or less fee income in that portfolio. And you look at it over a 12-month period, it typically averages out. In this quarter, we actually had a tougher comp last year because of some fees. So that had a little bit of an impact on the growth rate, but again if you look at it year-to-date, we’re at that 3.2% range which is in line with what is expectation for a normalized rate would be.
Operator: And the next question would be from the line of Todd Stender, Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: For the new multitenant medical office, the properties acquired in the HCT acquisition, can you go into some of the potential upside that you are looking at, particularly the group of assets that I think Ray talked about that you plan to internalize property management by year-end?
Debra Cafaro: I think we've already internalized property management on most of them. And Todd, do you just want to comment on where you're driving value once we take things over from third-party managers?
Todd Lillibridge: As Ray pointed out, of the 83, 37 of them are again basically single tenant triple net leased assets. But the portfolio that we’ve insourced to date, namely 37 with the remaining five, we’re bringing – obviously the leverage platform of those assets and putting in place, if you would, not only those best practices, but many of our cost-saving initiatives which is obviously going to result in driving NOI, while at the same time we see lease up opportunities in the portfolio as well.
Todd Stender: Have you guys bifurcated what that potential NOI contribution could look like on a percentage basis, just relative to what the same-store pool looks like?
Todd Lillibridge: No.
Todd Stender: Todd, while I have you, can you speak to the new medical office building you guys acquired in Indianapolis just to hear what the – it looks like the expected cash yield is 6.3, but maybe with the trailing number was and any occupancy numbers?
Todd Lillibridge: Yes, we’re excited about the most recent acquisition in Indi; it’s a follow-on really to a long-standing almost 12-year relationship we’ve had with Ascension. Ortho Indy is a leading orthopedic practice in Indianapolis and in place, it has been I would say in this current facility for about a dozen years and we have remaining 11 year term on the lease. And as you said, we are in it at 6.3 with escalators and we see it a great contribution to our overall portfolio in Indi where our current occupancy in that portfolio is around 94% and we continue to get great same-store growth out of that portfolio. So good relationship with not only Ortho Indy who is already in our building, but Ascension overall which as many of you know is a leading Catholic health system around the country.
Operator: And the next question will be from the line of Juan Sanabria, Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria: I was just hoping you could speak to some of the large M&A we have seen in the insurer space, had them in CIGNA today, and any potential increased negotiating leverage they may have on some of the operators that could impact profitability in areas like Medicare Advantage. Have you had any of those conversations or do you have any thoughts you could share?
Debra Cafaro: Very interesting question. For all the real estate people on the call, I would just tell you healthcare is so exciting and we are so lucky to be in at the crossroads of real estate and healthcare. So whether it’s the managed care mania that you're seeing with a lot of consolidation there, vertical integration with United and Catamaran PBM, whether it's CVS buying Omnicare which are two different businesses or hospital consolidation as we’ve talked about, it is such a dynamic time to be in healthcare. And that's part of what is so exciting. In terms of the specific question you asked and I’ll get off my soapbox is that when we talk about what kind of hospitals we want to invest in, we talk about quality and we talk about why is Ardent a great portfolio. And in that case, it is more of an analysis of dominant market position which is what Ardent has in areas that have good employment profiles, good demographic profiles, et cetera. And so because Ardent has that dominant market position, we feel very confident in their continued ability to drive pricing and volumes.
Juan Sanabria: With regards to maybe skilled nursing, I know we have seen some issues with pressures on and growing share of Medicare Advantage. Any thoughts on that with what we're seeing on the consolidation?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that Medicare Advantage continues to be a bigger part of the skilled nursing and post acute world. And the successful operators will be the ones who are able to manage into what will be a shorter length of stay, but by showing that they can deliver outcomes that are attractive to managed care providers and therefore increase the pipeline of patients that come from managed Medicare, because those are still very attractive patients for the providers.
Raymond Lewis: But our strategy, Juan, is really to back those operators that are consolidating in their local markets, you think about Kindred for instance where they have targeted the cluster markets and they are building out the entire post acute network with home health care, rehab, skilled nursing, LTCHs, and that really positions these operators, whether they are regional operators or national operators, in those markets to line up well with the managed care providers and provide an entire suite of post acute solutions.
Juan Sanabria: And just one other question from me. There's been some press articles about your potential interest in a piece of GE Healthcare Finance unit. Maybe you can't speak to that specifically, but if you participate in getting loans in some form, would the view be to having an angle towards or eventually getting a hand on the real estate or is this maybe another opportunity that maybe we should think about a little differently?
Debra Cafaro: First of all, my mother told me never to believe everything you read in the paper. So I’ll start with that. And we do have – look, we don't comment obviously on field rumors as a matter of policy. We have a very small part of our portfolio that is a loan portfolio, as Bob talked about, and we use that sparingly. And we are very focused on being an equity REIT and building the kind of business that we've had consistent with our strategy and really focused on the these value creating activities with Ardent and CCP and that's where our focus is.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Derek Bower.
Derek Bower: I just had a couple follow-ups. On CCP, I believe in the Form 10 the pro forma for CCP in the first quarter was $0.72, which is about $0.18 on Ventas' share count. So could you remind us what the difference is again between that $0.18 and the $0.20 to $0.22 that Bob talked about? Is that just G&A synergies?
Debra Cafaro: Derek, part of what you have to remember is that the pro forma and so you’ve got adjustments being made for example that you have the acquisitions that were made in the beginning of the year and pro forming those versus other changes that are made. So I don't know that that's really a good run rate, but there is, as well, some G&A synergies that are in there.
Robert Probst: Derek, to follow on that, you have three topics: you have the underlying NOI, you have the G&A implications and then the capital structure implications. And the number I quoted you I think is our best view of the real pro forma.
Debra Cafaro: Impact on Ventas.
Robert Probst: Impact on Ventas, very specifically, correct. And those things don't always follow the accounting rule, so we had some differences there.
Derek Bower: Then just going back to the CCP pipeline, Ray, can you talk about, as you guys are starting to work through the deals, what cap rates you are seeing in the market right now, whether it be for one-off assets or if there's anything different between the one-off and a small portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: The real property market continues to be firm; people are attracted to our assets for the reliability and growth in cash flow that they have provided, the base nature of the assets. And so from a cap rate standpoint, I would say cap rates have stayed relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past where high-quality senior housing and medical office is in the 5.5% to 6%, and even in some cases a B portfolio could be in that range if it has other attractive characteristics. And in terms of skilled nursing and post acute, really it's in that 6% to 9% range, depending on what it is and the credit and structure and so on.
Derek Bower: But as it relates to CCP and the skilled nursing deals, that would be, I imagine, the higher end of that range, so 8% to 9%. Is that the range that you guys are thinking about for new deals?
Debra Cafaro: Definitely the positive arbitrage in terms of external growth opportunities for CCP.
Raymond Lewis: I think that's right, Debbie. And so I think you're probably trending towards the upper end of that range, that 7.5% to 9%. These are operators where they have fewer capital alternatives and we’re able to get a little bit better pricing power there. So that's sort of what we're seeing and it still has some really nice positive net investment spreads and that is part of the strategic thesis and the opportunity that we are looking to capitalize on.
Derek Bower: Are these primarily with existing or new tenants, or new operators that you are bidding on?
Raymond Lewis: Both.
Derek Bower: And then just last one from me. On the other US markets within your portfolio, can you just remind us again what's driving the double-digit EBITDA or NOI growth this quarter and last?
Robert Probst: Sure. It's a relatively small portfolio. You rightly pointed out that this performed very well. We've got some great assets in that pool and some for example a new development from us in Cape Cod is doing very, very well. So you have very specific sort of drivers than, but overall some strong assets in that pool.
Operator: And the next question will be from the line of Rich Anderson, Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: I thought I was early in the queue; apologize for keeping you going. Do you have any idea, maybe to Ray, where you think CCP will trade from an implied cap rate standpoint coming out of the gate?
Debra Cafaro: What a great question? That's for the market to decide.
Rich Anderson: Thank you. Yes it is, of course.
Raymond Lewis: I've got my roadshow coming up and I'm going to do my best to tell the story and hopefully the market will recognize what a great company we have.
Rich Anderson: Yes, obviously its market driven, but I didn't know if you had a collar that you were thinking about as you prepare for your roadshow. I guess the answer is no.
Raymond Lewis: We are going to do our best to tell the great story we have and we will let the market value that.
Rich Anderson: One of the differences between this quarter and last quarter in terms of language was in the – and I know we’ve talked about a little bit more leverage in Ardent, but there was a leverage neutral language in the last quarter as far as the funding and now that has been removed. Is that a function of your stock being down 10% this year or is that just clarifying the language a little bit better based on what you just said earlier about long term versus short term leverage?
Debra Cafaro: It's just a timing issue.
Rich Anderson: So nothing has changed between then, last quarter and this quarter in terms of how you are thinking about funding it?
Debra Cafaro: We continue to think about accretion for example on a permanent leverage neutral basis.
Rich Anderson: And then maybe a question for Todd, some of the messaging has changed in my mind as it relates to medical office, specifically on versus affiliated off. I think more and more I'm hearing people say nicer things about affiliated off-campus. 72% of your portfolio is on-campus. I'm wondering if you think that that might show up a little bit in your strategy going forward. Your pure HCN likes off-campus better than many others, I'm wondering where you stand on that issue.
Todd Lillibridge: I think, Rich, for the past 20 plus years, we've always believed that affiliated is in fact the number one and key goal in all of this, irrespective of whether this it’s on or off. It just so happens that we build a strong portfolio with a strong group of providers. As you know, 96% today is on and/or affiliated. I think what's important though is the quality of those that are affiliated, because in fact 89% of our portfolio, those that we’re affiliated with are investment grade or better in terms of credit. So we put a lot of stock in who we partner with by the very nature of the hospital and their affiliation with the health system. We’re very comfortable going off-campus, HCT acquisition, we were excited about because the affiliation that they have in those health systems, some very leading providers around the country as you know. So again, what’s key in the off-campus is not only its affiliated, but it's of a size and what we would say have a comprehensive nature in terms of clinical services and quality they can deliver to the marketplace. So we have what I think is a great balance between 70 on and 30 off, roughly, and I think we're going to continue to see something of that same balance. Obviously, there is a lot of talk about off-campus, but freestanding and off and not affiliated or affiliated with a wrong system, I'm not so sure what you have.
Debra Cafaro: Affiliated with whom is important, on campus with whom, important.
Todd Lillibridge: Seeking the right partners has been the nature of this business as far as I’m concerned since we got in it 30 years ago.
Operator: Next question is from Daniel Bernstein, Stifel.
Daniel Bernstein: So just a real quick question on seniors housing and the SHOP portfolio, it looks like management fees went down a little bit in the quarter. Did management fees tweak lower because of the performance in SHOP at all or is that just some seasonality that is not clearly visible?
Robert Probst: It's a small number. We think you will see fluctuations over time as we just have accruals in any one quarter that will vary. So I wouldn't say it's reflective of any sort of underlying trend.
Daniel Bernstein: There's no reset of any management fees at the Sunrise?
Debra Cafaro: No.
Robert Probst: No.
Daniel Bernstein: And then, Debbie, you said you were skating towards the puck and I think that you are referring towards the hospital. So what kind of opportunities are you seeing out there on the hospital landscape? Are you seeing more consolidation yet? Do you think you're going to see more consolidation? CMS last week or two weeks ago put out some more experimental bundled payment systems out there. So is the investment in Ardent itself, are you seeing – do you think there's going to be more hospital consolidation going forward the same way we are seeing on the insurance side and elsewhere in the healthcare systems?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think we believe that the hospital segment is $1 trillion annual revenue market that is highly fragmented. It is rapidly consolidating and there aren’t enough of quality assets in public hands like ours. So that's the basic thesis of the investment.
Daniel Bernstein: Todd, I guess maybe in a related question, we’ve heard or seen more monetizations maybe in a trickle of medical office coming out from the hospital systems. Are you seeing more of those opportunities to buy more medical office? And on the same token are you seeing more development opportunities coming from the hospital systems as well? It just seems like MOB monetizations are just ticking up a little bit and I wanted to get your thoughts on that.
Todd Lillibridge: I would agree hospital related or hospital owned monetizations are a tick up, but to be honest with you it's not huge over prior years. That is on the acquisition front. And on the development front, we're starting to see some increased activity that is coming out of what I would call some historical highs and then going to historical lows here. Again, planning, but what really is converting into real deals is significantly down from the 2007, 2008 timeframe, that is development. So we will see some activity, but we don't see it to be as clearly as robust as it was in the past.
Debra Cafaro: And on the monetization, I believe we are as well positioned as anyone with our 400 plus clients to take advantage of increased monetization that may occur. And so that's good. And we will continue to mine that as Todd has done for a long time.
Daniel Bernstein: One quick question, Debbie. One of your S&P 500 peers, Simon, announced a $2 billion buyback with your shares down some. Under what circumstances would you want to buy back your shares? Would that be an appropriate strategy for Ventas or is that not an appropriate strategy for healthcare?
Debra Cafaro: I think our jobs as managers and as boards obviously are to be thoughtful stewards of shareholder capital. And over time that means as we have done and created a lot of value by growing and diversifying and building a high-quality portfolio, there may be times in the market where other strategies are appropriate such as dividend increases, et cetera. And basically our job is to make sure that we are pulling the levers that are appropriate at a given point in time to maximize shareholder value and maintain a good strategy and a high-quality company that can continue to deliver over and over, as I said it's the hallmark of Ventas. I think we have one more, so with that we’ll clean up.
Operator: Final question is Michael Carroll, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: With your recent Canford investment, did you say where those were located in the UK? And if I missed this, were those existing assets or were those developments?
Debra Cafaro: They are newly constructed homes that are in and around London.
Michael Carroll: And then how deep is Canford's platform and how big can you grow that relationship in the near-term?
Debra Cafaro: They are very experienced long-standing operators of senior housing in the UK. And we believe we can continue to potentially grow with them. Over time, I think they've managed over 70 homes during the last 20 years. They are very experienced.
Michael Carroll: I know the call is long, so I will stop there.
Debra Cafaro: Well, that was a good cleanup. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today and as always for your interest in our company. We really appreciate your support and your interest and look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great weekend.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman - SVP, Capital Markets & IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman & CEO Ray Lewis - President Bob Probst - CFO
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Nick Yulico - UBS Smedes Rose - Citi Josh Raskin - Barclays Kevin Tyler - Green Street Advisors Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Daniel Bernstein - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dave; I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Lori Wittman, SVP of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed Ma’am.
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Dave. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter and the quarter ended March 31, 2015. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Lori. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' first quarter earnings call. This morning we are happy to share our excellent Q1 and year-to-date accomplishments and results, discuss our strategy in areas of focus, and provide our outlook for the balance of the year. Following my remarks, Ray Lewis, will discuss our portfolio performance; and Bob Probst, will review our financial results. Then we will be happy to answer your questions. Although we are only four months into it, 2015 is shaping up to be highly productive and value-creating one for Ventas. Year-to-date we have closed over $3.5 billion of investments, received almost $0.5 billion in disposition and loan repayment proceeds, made a strategic and accretive investment in the US acute care hospital space, and announced a spin-off of most of our skilled nursing or snip portfolio to create two faster growing more focused company. We've also selected a name for new pure play REIT, Care Capital Property or CCP. And we also delivered a very strong quarter in line with our expectations; our enterprise generated normalized FFO per share of $1.18 representing 8% growth from the first quarter of last year. Cash flow from operations increased by 21% in total and 9% on a per share basis compared to the prior period. And our first quarter dividend per share grew in line with that strong cash performance. We believe our recent announcements that we intend to spin-off most of our skilled nursing portfolios into CCP, a pure play REIT, as well as our pending entry into the US hospital spaces; our innovative decisions that will deliver significant benefits for our investors, lenders, customers and employees. They also fit squarely with our track record of thought leadership in our industry, value creation and capital stewardship. The Ventas team sets the bar high for extreme productivity year-in and year-out with a focus on elevating our enterprise and sustaining the excellence we stand for. Let me recap some of our highlights so far this year; first, capital markets activity, maintaining our commitment to financial strength and flexibility, we access the debt and equity markets in January on attractive term and positioned ourselves for today’s outstanding, debt-to-enterprise value of 32%. Turning to capital allocations, we have had a terrific start to the year closing to $3.5 billion in deals so far. First of course is the completion of our HCT acquisition on January 16. The transaction is accretive and consistent with our strategy; we priced HCT in 2014 in anticipation of the increasingly strong bids we see for healthcare and senior housing assets in the market. So in closing we've been fully integrating the HCT assets and customers into our portfolio. We continue to be pleased with the portfolios composition of principally newer medical office buildings or MOBs affiliated with excellent hospital tenants and senior housing operating assets managed by quality care providers, all of whom are performing well. You will see the improvement in several key metrics of our best-in-class middle bridge MOB business, and this quarter supplement materials as a results of the HCT acquisition. Finally, I am happy to report that the NOI from both, the HCT and the holiday deal we closed last year, are on track with our original NOI projections using constant currency as of the date of the announcements last year. We also expanded our footprint in the UK this quarter; we invested $86 million to acquire five mostly private pay care homes in the London market, operated by Canford Healthcare. The properties are subject to a long-term triple net lease yielding over 6.5% on an initial cash basis after-tax. We identified Canford as an experienced knowledgeable management team we believe we can grow. Already we are working with Canford on a second follow-on investment to build out there and our senior housing business in the UK. So, now we own both hospital and care home properties, leads by quality care providers in the UK. We also made an attractive investment during the quarter in 12 skilled nursing assets with an existing customer at an initial cash yield exceeding 8% and good cash quarter rent coverage. These facilities will be spun to care capital properties and represents an example of the type of extra loan growth opportunities available to CCP as an independent pure play REIT. We also recently committed to participate in the new high-end $86 million ground up senior housing development project with Atria in Northern California. In this deal Ventas will contribute 25% of the equity capital, and are in place joint venture partner and State Pension Fund will contribute the bell [ph]. We expect the unlevered NOI yield upon stabilization to approximate 9% of the total project cost. The development is located in an installed barrier entry market with superior demographics. As you know we are very excited about our recent agreement to purchase Ardent, a top ten US hospital operator. This is an exciting strategic and accretive investment for us in a massive rapidly consolidating hospital sector. The hospital sector is one we've been studying for a long time, attracted by its size, capital intensity, fragmentation, limited public ownership, and position at the top of the food chain in the US healthcare delivery system. The sector is currently benefitting from the major positive trends such as demographic, the affordable care act, positive reimbursement, and an improving economy. All of these trends are driving growth in admission and emergency room visit. Ardent itself is a high quality company that generates over $2 billion in annual revenues, and most importantly has an experienced management team and scalable platform to grow. Ardent operates in three key markets where they enjoy significant market share. While there are several moving pieces to the deal, in summary, at closing we expect to have about $1.4 billion invested in ten high quality hospitals subject to new long-term triple net leases with the operating company. The operating company which we are designing to be strong and profitable is expected to be owned by the Ardent management team, Ventas with up to a 9.9% stake and other equity sources. We expect our unlevered going in cash rent yield to exceed 7% with approximately 2.5% annual rent escalation. As a further update to our recent announcement, we are well underway with the formal marketing process to choose the equity partner for the Ardent Hospital Operating business. Because Ardent is an attractive and rare opportunity to invest in a quality hospital provider, we are seeing significant interest in the deal from potential equity players. Our overarching strategy is a combined Ardent’s management capabilities and our real estate capital and hospital customer relationships. With a knowledgeable equity capital partner, as the majority owner of the Ardent operating company. Together we expect to be a leader in hospital consolidation. Because the Ardent acquisition shares many characteristic with our highly successful lower bridge and Atria acquisitions. In that we have a nucleus of high quality assets, strong management team and a scalable platform system. We are excited and confident about our ability to build a formidable business in the US hospital states overtime. Turning to the other side of the capital allocation, let's talk about capital recycling and strategic separation. Already this year we sold and received loan repayment proceeds of almost $500 million which we expect to re-deploy later this year to partially fund our Ardent acquisition. More importantly, our proposed spin-off of most of our portfolio of skilled nursing asset to appear price net gained traction. We expect Ventas and CCP to be two faster growing companies with focus differentiated strategy. Upon completion of the spin-off Ventas will also improve its NOI contribution from privately assets to a market leading 83%. Derive 83% of our proforma NOI from Top 20 care providers, and improve our post-acute quality mix to 78%. Our segment balance and diversification will also be enhanced by the retention of our post-acute portfolio lead by national public care providers such as Kindred, Genesis and [indiscernible], and the addition of a hospital segment. We will also retain significant scale at over $30 billion dollars at an enterprise value. Financial strength a high quality SHOP portfolio, best-in-class MOB franchise and best dividend growth with a most attractive payout ratio in our sector. In fact, we intend to increase our combined dividend by at least 10% at the time of the spin-off. Looking forward we are also pleased to raise our normal full year FFO per share guidance. Please note that our guidance doesn't yet incorporate any impact from the spin-offs or any additional acquisitions. We continue to see tremendous opportunity, both domestically and abroad to invest capital. You can see from the plethora of deals in and out, that investment possibilities are abundant, while you should assume we look at virtually every deal in the market, the key for us is continue to be as it always has been to serve as steward capital and remain ahead of the herd. It goes without saying that we seek investments that presents good, risk-adjusted returns are consistent with our strategy and will create value for our shareholders. As I am sure you can tell, I am about as fired up about Ventas’s business and the future of the company as I've ever been. With our skillset, opportunities, access to capital, customer relationships and track record I'm confident we will end 2015 with two attractive companies positioned to thrive and deliver for our shareholders. And on that note, I'm happy to turn the call over to Ray Lewis, our President and CCP’s incoming CEO.
Ray Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Our balance in the diversified portfolio of more than 1,600 senior housing, medical office, and post-acute properties continue to deliver strong growth in the first quarter. Same-store cash NOI for the total portfolio grew by 3.2% for the first quarter of 2015 as compared to the first quarter of 2014, and was led by strong growth in the triple net lease portfolio. Let me start with our seniors housing operating portfolio; with the closing of the HCT acquisition in January we now have a total of 305properties of which 269 are operated by Atria and Sunrise. The total SHOP portfolio generated NOI after management fees of $149 million in the first quarter, growth of 21% year-over-year, driven primarily by the addition of 68 new properties since the first quarter of 2014, and solid same-store performance in our Atria portfolio. Average occupancy in the total portfolio at 91.3% was 70 basis points higher in first quarter of 2015 compared to the first quarter of 2014. Our portfolio occupancy exceeds the average senior housing occupancy reported by NIC in its Top 99 markets by 100 basis points. NOI in the 234 properties in our same-store portfolio increased about 1% in the first quarter of 2015 over the first quarter of 2014, adjusting for approximately $2.2 million of non-recurring, real estate tax credits in the first quarter of 2014, the same-store NOI grew 2.7%. Year-over-year occupancy growth was strong at 60 basis points and occupancy increased in both, the Atria and Sunrise portfolios. Year-over-year rate growth was also strong at 3.1% driven by the Atria portfolio. However, as we told you during the fourth quarter call for both Atria and Sunrise we are seeing some pressure on expenses, particularly in wages, benefits, insurance and utilities which manifested in 5.2% year-over-year expense increase in the first quarter. On a sequential basis, the 269 properties in our same-store portfolio performed in line with our expectations for the first quarter. Consistent with historical patterns occupancy declined in the first quarter versus the fourth driven by lower move ends around the holidays, the impact of the flu season and the in climate weather in the northeast, rate was up 2.8% driven by annual rent increases in most of the portfolio and expense were up 2.2% driven by the wage, utility and other expense items that we discussed when we gave our guidance last quarter. Based on our seasonal trends we anticipate that occupancy, NOI, and margins should increase through the rest of the year. Looking at the broader senior housing landscape, construction starts were on par with recent quarters, and construction as a percentage of inventory was about 4.2%, also in line with recent quarters. Due to the high barrier to entry, infill locations that are typical of our SHOP portfolio construction as a percentage of inventory in the three-mile trade area around our buildings was only 2.3% and our portfolio continued to outperformed as a result. When compared to the net Top 99 markets, our same-store stable occupancy at 91.7% is a 140 basis points higher than the NIC average, and our RevPAR at approximately $5,700 per month is 66% higher than the NIC senior housing data. Next I'll cover our triple net lease portfolio which accounts for 50% of our portfolio NOI. This diversified and productive portfolio of 952 senior housing, post-acute and hospital assets delivered another quarter of strong and stable performance. The 837 assets in the same-store pool grew 4.8% in the first quarter of 2015 over the first quarter of 2014, driven by our contractual escalations and approximately $5million dollars of anticipated fees. It is important to note that this not include a $37 million payment that we received from Kindred in connection with the agreements regarding benign snips which we announced at year-end. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2014, the latest available information was strong and stable at 1.6 times. Since we last spoke to you there have been a number of positive reimbursement developments out of Washington. First CMS released its proposal for 2015 medical rates for post-acute and hospital services which would take effect in October of 2015 but will remain subject to review and comment. Skilled nursing got a growth of 1.4% increase, L-Tax received a proposed 1.2% increase, excluding the impact of patient criteria rates which are not expected to impact Kindred until the fourth quarter of 2016. First received a proposed 1.7% increase and acute care hospitals received a proposed 0.3% increase. Note that these proposed increases are industry averages and will vary by individual provider. In addition, legislation was enacted to provide for a permanent solution for the Doc [ph] entailed pay for us by the post-acute and acute providers that were significantly better than have been previously anticipated. This is great for the doctors many of whom occupy our MOBs and removes a significant overhang from the industry. Finally, our markets leading low bridge MOB business turned in another solid quarter. For the first quarter 2015 NOI in the total consolidated portfolio of 358 properties was $92 million, an increase of 27% over the first quarter of 2014. Performance was driven by solid same-store performance and the addition of 83 properties from the HCT acquisition in January. Occupancy in the total portfolio was up 80 basis points to 92.4%, and margins increased by exceptional 310 basis points reflecting the quality of the properties we acquired. In the 273 properties in the same-store portfolio, cash growth was 2.2% or 3.6% on our share, this was driven by a 2.6% increase in rental rate and an increase in margin of 80 basis points offset by a decrease in occupancy of 60 basis points which was anticipated in our budgets for the year. Since the closing of the HCT portfolio, Lillibridge has internalized the management of 25 buildings. Our best practices in property management should lead to increased profitability in these buildings overtime. And our sector leading MOB platform is a unique advantage that enables Ventas to compete and win in the MOB space. Before turning the call over to Bob I would like to say a few words about the spin-off. Most of our portfolio of skilled nursing properties to a new share play read, we have named Care Capital Properties. We are very pleased to have filed the Form 10 with the SEC as of this week, and we are proceeding full speed to execute the transaction as quickly as possible which will likely be no earlier than September. As we discussed in our call two weeks ago, the company is going to have a diversified portfolio of over 350 primarily skilled nursing properties with overall lease coverage of 1.8 times and a weighted average remaining lease term of 10 years and relationships with 43 operators. We will deliver external growth by investing with quality regional and local skilled nursing operators to consolidate this highly fragmented $120 billion dollar market. And as Debbie mentioned, we are already working on building a pipeline of transactions so that we can hit the ground running. We will also grow internally through this escalations and redevelopment. Our balance sheet will be strong with projected leverage of about four and a half times and we should have access to multiple sources of attractively priced capital which we can use to invest and grow the business. Finally we are going to have a seasoned management team that has learned the ropes at Ventas and brings a wealth of talent to the new company. I am extremely energized by this exciting opportunity to build a great skilled nursing REIT and I look forward to sharing more about the Care Capital Properties with you as the spin-off progresses. With that I am happy to turn the call over to Bob to discuss our financial results and outlook. Bob?
Bob Probst: Thank you, Ray. Let me start with the numbers for the first quarter of 2015. In the first quarter Ventas delivered record normalized FFO of $387.5 million, an increase of 20% versus prior year, and in line with our expectations. Q1 normalized FFO for diluted share was $1.18 versus $1.09 in 2014, an increase of 8.0%. The strong Q1 growth over 2014 is primarily due to the positive impact of accretive acquisitions in same-store portfolio, NOI growth of 3.2% led by our triple net portfolio. As expected, we benefitted early in the quarter from approximately $7 million in fee income or approximately $0.02 cents of FFO per share. This solid FFO growth was partially upset by an 11% increase in share counts in Q1 driven by the close of the HCT transaction mid-January, as well as equity issuance under the ATM. Weighted average due to the shares outstanding for the first quarter of 2015 increased to 329 million shares compared to 296 million shares in Q1 of 2014. FFO increased 16% for the first quarter of 2014 to $359 million. On a fully diluted share basis FFO which includes the deal cost associated with the significant acquisition activity in the quarter grew by 4% to $1.09 for fully diluted share, up from $1.05 in the first quarter of 2014. Normalized VAT for the quarter totaled $1.08 for fully diluted share, an increase of 8% over last year. Foreign exchange rates for the Canadian dollar and pounds sterling in the quarter were in line with the rates previously incorporated into our guidance. The dividend for the quarter totaled $255 million or $0.79 per share paid in two installments. Our payout ratio remains strong at approximately 67% and provides upside in for future dividend growth. Dispositions in loan repayment year-to-date raised $477 million at a cash yield of 6.8% and a GAAP yield of 7%. Dispositions included the MOB portfolio previously discussed, as well as the senior housing and skilled nursing assets. Cash flow after recurring CapEx totaled $323 million, growth of 20% over the first quarter of 2015. We accessed the debt in equity markets in January raising $1.4 billion dollars. In a fixed income market we lengthened and staggered our maturity schedule and raised $1.1 billion in the US and Canadian markets at a weighted average interest rate of 3.7%, maturity of 15 years. And we raised $290 million in equity at $77.38 per share under our ATM. Consistent with our philosophy of having consistent access to all capital markets and a conjunction with replacement of our expiring shelf registrations payment in in March, we reestablished our after-market equity program although we have not used it. The new program remains in effect for three years. As expected our net EBITDA at quarter end was a strong 5.7X. At quarter end floating rate debt represented 16% of total debt while fixed charge coverage was an excellent 4.6X. Currently we have $1.7 billion available under our revolver, thereby providing a strong liquidity position. Let me now turn to our updated outlook for the full year 2015. As a reminder, our previous expectations as outlined in February was to deliver 2015 normalized FFO per share in the range of $4.63 to $4.71, translating to 3% to 5% growth over 2014. We are pleased to increase our guidance for 2015 normalized FFO for fully diluted share in our range between $4.67 and $4.75 representing 4% to 6% growth over prior year. The primary driver of this increased guidance is the acquisition of Ardent Health Services. As previously quoted, we expect that on a leverage neutral basis Ardent will add $0.08 to $0.10 of FFO per share accretion on a full-year basis. We are now incorporating at July 1 closing in our 2015 guidance. We have assumed no further acquisitions or speculated fee income in our guidance. This guidance also does not take into consideration any impact from the spin-off of Care Capital Properties. Ventas plans to update guidance once the spin-off transaction is completed. In terms of quarterly phasing, we expect to see a sequential reduction in FFO per share in the second quarter. On a year-over-year basis Q2 FFO per share and same-store growth is expected to slow in the second quarter with growth accelerating in the second half of 2015. This is due principally to receive a significant disposition and loan repayment proceeds and fee income in the first quarter with expected reinvestments in our current Q3. We continue to project total company same-store cash NOI growth of between 2.5% to 3.5% in 2015. Same-store growth expectations for the SHOP, MOB and Triple Net segments also remain consistent with previous guidance. Finally before opening the call for questions, I am pleased to report that we have further expanded our already excellent disclosure in two ways this quarter. First, on Page 19 of our supplemental disclosure, we have provided additional information on our investments and dispositions completed during the quarter and year-to-date. Second, on the map page located on the Ventas website, we have added a link where you can directly access our full property listing including address information. We strive to be as transparent as possible and welcome feedback on these additional disclosures. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first line comes from Juan Sanabria at Bank of America. Go ahead please.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning, thanks Debbie. I was just hoping you could speak a little bit more about the SHOP portfolio, I guess I am too front. First if you can get us any color on what the HCT portfolio - how that's growing? How we should expect that to impact the same-store pool? And if you could also give us a little bit more color on the current same-store pools for the margin expectations given the comments on costs pressures.
Debra Cafaro: Juan, this is Debbie, I will just take one small part of that and turn it over to others but the HCT is performing in line with our expectations, we would expect that NOI to grow on a moderate basis over the course of the year. It will not be in same-store this year and will appear in same-store in the second quarter of 2016 when we've earned it for a full-year. So Juan, the current same-store I'll turn it over to others to answer your question.
Bob Probst: Juan, it's Bob. In terms of the margin question on same-store, you saw decline in the first quarter that was in line with our expectations, you have the seasonal decline in the quarter together with the wage and other cost inflation we had anticipated. In fact it was exacerbated to some degree by flu and weather in certain parts of the region but as we think about the balance of the year debt occupancy will pick up really beginning in the second quarter and accelerate through the back half, that will drive in our minds the operating leverage together with the rate we saw in the first quarter, it's about 3.1% year-on-year to really try to hold those margins for the full-year. So that's really what's in our outlook for the same-store guidance.
Juan Sanabria: Just to make sure that that guidance is staying the same at 3% to 5% growth per year?
Bob Probst: That's correct.
Juan Sanabria: Great thanks. And I was just hoping you could may be elucidate or give more color on the type of hospital opportunities you see in the marketplace, who the sellers might be, it is too far to look into US markets or you're also looking at hospital opportunities overseas?
Debra Cafaro: Great questions, so as you know we own the three high quality hospitals in the UK, I would imagine though that the Ardent external growth opportunity are going to be principle if not exclusively domestic, there are couple different categories of potential acquisitions that we would hope to work with our Ardent; one is a classic purchase of no-for-profit hospitals, and that is probably the biggest kind of pipeline, it's what Ardent has been good at in the past, and certainly it's the path that many of the public hospital operator take advantage off because they will buy these assets and make them more efficient. Another avenue would be potential spin-offs or sales by public companies, some of their hospitals, and a third might be really the acquisition of the other smaller hospital companies that are for profit companies. But I do see the first one with the not-for-profit to own the majority of hospitals in The United States as probably the principle pathway to external growth with Ardent.
Juan Sanabria: Just a quick follow up on that, do you have any preference for geographies or sort of a Top 30 MSAs or you kind of agnostic to that as long as it's a hospital with a good market share and good coverage potential?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean I think we would really be looking at hospitals with the significant market share where Ardent could drive efficiencies, utilize and scales it's platform, and have significant negotiating leverage in the market with payers. And so that would be key for us. And also we like Medicare expansion state, things like that; growing populations and demographics, those would be the key things we would be looking at for additional acquisitions.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Juan.
Operator: Thank you, the next question is from the line of Nick Yulico at UBS. Go ahead
Nick Yulico: Good morning, I think of couple of questions are you still targeting a $0.53 to $0.55 dividend there per share based on that account?
Debra Cafaro: Yes Nick, we are.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then reading through the Form 10 filing, it says that SpinCo is going to be purchasing a senior housing valuation firm in exchange for SpinCo’s stock of about $11. Can you just explain what's going on there?
Bob Probst: Yes, that is an opportunity that we've sourced where we think there are some strategic benefits to aligning with a valuation form who is going to be further up the stream potentially in transaction opportunities. This is a very well-known group that has a lot of relationships with long standing relationships with our potentially customers. So it's a way for us to expand an acquisition network without a significant investment and in fact a cash return.
Nick Yulico: Okay, and who is this firm?
Bob Probst: I'm not able to disclose that at this point.
Nick Yulico: Okay but it's one that will help you do acquisitions basically.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it will be an income for investment - in addition we'll have ancillary benefits of having lots of industry relationships that could lead to more pipeline for SpinCo or I'm sorry, Care Capital Property.
Nick Yulico: And then just on the initial purchases here, it looks like this portfolio was purchased from healthcare REIT and you guys had to reset the lease agreements. Can you just explain the coverage of this portfolio and how the cash yield decide - sort of affected by - you guys have into re-do the lease agreement?
Debra Cafaro: Sure. I think it's a little bit different from what you're saying. Actually this is a customer of ours who assumed a purchase option for the asset that was exercised, and so our customer took over operations of the assets which of course and we brought the assets with them and in support of them and that we basically entered into a new lease based upon the purchase price for the assets which would be what is typical. And the coverage is a strong coverage, I believe we quoted above 1.1 [ph] and the lease rate is about 8% or more of our investment. So it's just like any acquisition that we would make with the customer of ours.
Nick Yulico: And then just lastly, your booked exposure went down by 15 assets and purchased some of these assets from you guys, can you explain what was going on there - was there a purchase option that happened and did that take place prior to all this news coming out that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, thank you for asking that. We actually did sell some assets to Brookdale in the first quarter, that was part of $0.5 billion that I mentioned. This was really a collaborative transaction there was no purchase option, there were assets that were not performing as well as I think Brookdale, one of them to perform and we reached a favorable transaction with them where we were able to sell them back to Brookdale and we both came out I think where we wanted to. So it was a very collaborative deal.
Nick Yulico: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, the next line of question is from Smedes Rose of Citi. Please go ahead.
Smedes Rose: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask you in your Form 10, the NOI from CCP was looking like it's around $290 million to $295 million, and I think the guidance is $315 million to $320 million and is that just reflecting the 12 that you acquired in the quarter and we will get spunned to them or is there some other way to get that NOI number?
Lori Wittman: Hi, its Lori. It's not only the 12 but it also the 18 assets from HCT that will be coming over, so there is a total of 30 that were purchase of subsequently in 2014 and so when you add those and that's how you get to the range.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. And then on your senior housing operating portfolio, it looks like - you break out the secondary and primary markets it looks like a lot of the pressures you talked about were in the primary markets and results outside of those were fairly strong. Do you expect those kinds of wages pressures to trickle down into other markets and with kind of rising course as the $15 minimum wage. Is there any way to kind of quantify the impact that might have cross portfolio, if any?
Ray Lewis: That's a good observation and I think if you look at a primary market results a couple of things that need to be taken into account. One, our primary markets are weighted much more heavily towards the northeast where we had obviously the negative impacts of the weather which resulted in increased expenses overtime utilities maintenance costs. The $2.2 million real estate tax credits that we mentioned were also in the northeast. And in the primary markets so again those should be taken into account for consideration and then yes you know there are some wage pressures generally in those markets, which are reflected in the annual increases that felt in the first quarter, it should not continue to grow throughout year in fact, as Bob mentioned that we are occupant and leverage to those cost better in place.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then any thoughts around minimum wage or is that not - are your people generally making above that anyway so it doesn’t matters much.
Ray Lewis: Well, you know people are making above that in our buildings, I would say that it does sort off push up the spread - the spread needs to be maintained, so it does have some upward pressure and wages in our building.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Resovach [ph] at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. I was also ask a question to JD that's something about healthcare and real estate.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, go for it.
Unidentified Analyst: We kind of panned out recently and [indiscernible] across the healthcare spectrum I was wondering when you acquired these business and you're active or this could potentially be an issue, do you have any recourse if they were completely out of operations prior to owning the company.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, I will answer that question. So we have very - obviously, a lot of experience in underwriting and understanding healthcare businesses including regulatory side, so we have an extensive due diligence process that we go through when we deal with these types. And very extensive sort of risk management processes. In general, when we acquire business and have PropCo/OpCo separation, the OpCo is responsible for those types of obligations should there be any. So prior to and after closing.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. [Technical Difficulty] When you look at some of these investigations, some of them tempted to be dated back to the early 2000s, is there ever any responsibility for the vendor at all who further performance have actually soldiered the assets?
Debra Cafaro: Well again that depends on the type of acquisition and the particular terms of the transaction in a public-to-public merger, for example, they are typically as you know in any type of public-to-public merger, everybody is on the run after closing. If there are private transactions it all depends on what the terms of the purchase contract say in terms of indemnification for pre-closing obligations. I think again the key takeaway that you should understand is, when we are real estate owner, and we're doing these PropCo the operating company or the tenant is typically responsible for both pre and post-closing reimbursement items, and we typically conduct very rigorous due diligence.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, it's the tenant but not the capital sponsor statistically?
Debra Cafaro: The tenant, yes, the tenant and that's again why it's important that your tenants have significant financial and operating results [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Terrific, that's a lot of help. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, you're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Josh Raskin at Barclays. Go ahead please.
Josh Raskin: Thanks, good morning. First question just on the art and transaction, I'm curious to get a little bit more color, you mentioned that there was a lot of interest on the operating company, I'm assuming those are private equity shops that are looking at that - correct me if I'm wrong. And then what happens if you can't agree in a timely matter on potential valuation and ownership etcetera of that entity. What happens with the overall transaction?
Debra Cafaro:
6th 2:55:
Josh Raskin: Okay, so you guys would just own the OpCo for however long it takes to…
Debra Cafaro: No, no, sorry, if I communicated that. We have - again, multiple sort of backup transaction plans that would continue to limit Ventas’s ownership in the OpCo pursuant to the re-rules to under 10% of the tenant.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And it sounds like you guys have made a lot of progress and you're assuming a couple of months from now. So is there any sense of what the valuation on that OpCo would look like at this point if they are sort of an acceptable range, even if the broad range that you're thinking about?
Debra Cafaro: I could tell you but then I'd have to kill you. No, we're very - I think we're in a very good spot on that compared to our underwriting expectations.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And then just a second question on SpinCo or I guess CCP now, we're going to get used to saying that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, thank you.
Josh Raskin: Is there an estimate for what we call dissynergies, additional cost that are incurred just trying to figure out RemanCo [ph] or Ventas NOI versus CCP NOI as we - now that we've seen the Form 10.
Bob Probst: Sure, I'll take the Ventas side. If you look at it, although we haven't included in our guidance I'd give you the back of the envelope that says that the reset of FFO if you like arises from the Spin. If you assume the beginning of the fourth quarter, it would be called the $0.20 reduction in FFO per share for Ventas, the composition of which is through the NOI which is being spun, G&A synergy and then the interest savings rising from debt reduction following a dividend from SpinCo to Ventas. So the net-net of that is about $0.20, obviously the timing is uncertain that's why we haven't included in our guidance. But I think you've got somebody else to capture the quantum for Ventas as RemanCo.
Debra Cafaro: I think that G&A, dissynergy, are about $15 million.
Josh Raskin: $15 million?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Bob Probst: On the SpinCo side.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And then I'm sorry, when you said the $0.20 FFO, do you know what's in annualized number on that?
Bob Probst: As soon as the quarter.
Josh Raskin: There is no difference, it's $0.80 for you.
Bob Probst: You can roughly multiply by four year.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Tyler at Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Kevin Tyler: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Tyler: Ray, you know going back to your question or I'm sorry, your comments in the triple at lease portfolio, can you help us breakout some of those pieces of the 4.8% same-store NOI growth. You said the payment wasn't in there but there was a $5.5 million of fees if I heard correctly. But it seems to me the growth is still high for the portfolio, largely triple net with least escalations in there; one in two to three percent. Any additional color you can provide would be helpful.
Bob Probst: Yes, so the fee that I referenced was $5 million, and then we do have some escalations that kick-in in the first quarter but from some of our larger tenants that are driving that.
Kevin Tyler: Okay, thanks. And then turning back to Brookdale for a second, obviously a sizeable partner for you guys, but could you elaborate on the conscience you may have and your leases should sail or transaction come together and then how much you work with them to get the best outcome for both; so you and Brookdale in a situation like that?
Debra Cafaro: So as we mentioned we did a collaborative deal with [ph] in the first quarter that worked out well for both sides, part of our new emphasis on capital recycling and improving our portfolio. We have an excellent relationship with Brookdale, we have excellent agreements with Brookdale, and we very supportive of the company.
Kevin Tyler: Okay, so no specific color you can provide on the consensus at this point?
Debra Cafaro: I think that we feel really good about Brookdale as a leading tenant and we have a good relationship with them Kevin.
Kevin Tyler: Okay, fair enough, thanks. And then last one for me, just turning to shop for a second and some of the CapEx numbers that have been reported, I know you split it out between revenue enhancing and other buckets but it seems like the numbers have run in the double digits as a percent of NOI. And I was hoping you could shed a little bit of light on how you think about allocating these dollars and maybe why they have accelerated in recent quarters and how you think about it over the long term?
Debra Cafaro: I think our commitment to maintain our assets at the highest level, they are generating - they are premium properties and great markets that are generating premiums, reports, where we talked about well above NIC averages. So we're committed to continuing to keep those assets up to good standards, excellent standards. And I think in general we're spending a little bit north of 2000 a unit, we're projecting in terms of CapEx on the SHOP portfolio.
Kevin Tyler: Okay. And the last one I had just turning back to the expense side of the equation for a second SHOP. Ray, you commented earlier just about labor and the components of expense growth, but specifically the labor - do you guys have a number that you think about in terms of percent of staff that might be subject to higher wages offered by TJ, MacDonald’s, etcetera; I know that part of the staff is highly skilled that deals with higher acuity patients but what portion if you had to come up with one would you say is exposed to wage increases like that?
Ray Lewis: So it's really going to be the line staff in the building and certain areas of the country where there are minimum wage. So I don't have a specific percentage on that but the variable costs and the building is tend to be about 60% - the largest component of that being the line staff. You also have the folks that are in the kitchen and the housekeepers as well as that would because subject to that.
Kevin Tyler: Okay, that's all I had. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. Can you give us some color on the potential not-for-profit hospital transaction, well I didn't take those hospital operations over and convert them to four profit.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Mike, the - yes, I mean this is a well trident path in the hospital business, I'm going to guess - again, the majority hospitals are not for profit, many of them have lower margins but good footprints in their markets. And what the for profit hospitals will typically do is either buy one of the hospitals and then make it more efficient or they will partner. Yes, in that example, Ardent would go in and be the new operator and overtime increase those margins through driving efficiencies, often times as in the case of our Amarillo facility. In Ardent there might be a 20% or other minority stake that community not-for-profit hospital would retain and that's also a very common model. So that the not-for-profit system could get some of the benefits of those increased efficiencies, so again a very round trident path.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then how many assets does the inferred outside of the recent deal that was completed, I know you indicated in your comments that there is more opportunities for you to expand a bad operator.
Debra Cafaro: Canford owns assets - Canford manages assets that we acquired and we are working with them to jointly acquire a nice newer portfolio in and around London that they would manage and we would own.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. And then my last question, can you give us some color on the 12th fund rising assets in Canada. It looks like that the NOI from those assets rebounded pretty good in the middle of last year but over the past few quarters it seems like they kind of - fall back down a little bit.
Bob Probst: Yes, so - Canada I think continued to recover in the first quarter. Obviously the year-over-year was quite good on a constant currency basis, NOI was up 7.6%, and occupancy was up 380 basis points, we're coming off of fairly weak comp. On a sequential basis the occupancy was down due to the seasonal trends that we normally see in the portfolio, and then we did have the same impact on whether in the greater Toronto area that we saw and northern New York and into Massachusetts. And then we also have the labor problem there. I would say consistent with what I said last quarter, we would like to see Sunrise make progress on expenses in Canada, and I think in our conversations with them they’ve acknowledged that's a priority.
Michael Carroll: Are you still happy with the transition of the new employees put in the place?
Bob Probst: I'm sorry?
Michael Carroll: While merchant [ph] that's performed thoroughly because you had…
Bob Probst: You're talking about the leadership and the building. Yes, I mean I think the top line continues to be good. Again, I think the ability to manage the expenses is what we want to see them, now start to deliver.
Michael Carroll: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Mike. Let's move on, we have a few more questions to take.
Operator: Thanks. The next one is from Rich Anderson at Mizuho Securities. Go ahead please Rich.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Rich Anderson: So do you have a kendrid only coverage, do you provide that?
Debra Cafaro: We used to and since hundreds - I think 9% of our business right now it's mixed in with the rest of coverage.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Could you say it's in the range of what the broader coverage number is?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean if you - it's going to be in the closure to wish, a cash flow to red coverage for the kinder grant.
Rich Anderson: Do you have speaking in terms of PropCo / OpCo comments you made earlier, do you have any hesitation to take on an ownership stake in OpCo’s in light of some of the events of the recent with some of the DOJ activity?
Debra Cafaro: I think we have a great risk-reward proposition at Bencash [ph] for our shareholders which is really reliable growing cash flows, limited volatility, and leases at the top of the capital structure and so on. I do think as the business has evolved and we've been at the forefront of that, there have been different models that we have come up with in different circumstances, both to create alignment with operators, as well as to make money for shareholders, a guard rail sort of way, and we can see that potentially with the 9% stake we may take in Ardent or things like that. So obviously we're careful about what we do and how we do it, we take it very seriously. First and foremost, we want to do business with the best operators, and we believe that we do so. And we're very careful when we do take these equity stake.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And do you have any comment about [indiscernible] specifically but generally about some of this activity potentially becoming more of a mainstream conversation for the entire asset class?
Debra Cafaro: Look, again, I think we do business with good operators, Kendrick for example and the other operators we do business with have excelled compliance programs. But as you and I have discussed from time to time in healthcare you do see some of these things occur and I think it's important in any business, no matter how successful you are to remain humble. And the main thing in this situation is that you have good operators, that they good risk programs, that they have good financial [ph] so that they have the ability to - if any of these things do come up to work through them in a position of strength in an orderly way.
Rich Anderson: Okay, great. And I just have one suggestion, you could give same-store disclosure for MOBs and SHOP, I would throw my hand and say maybe we can have the same thing for triple net, just a suggestion. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Vincent Chao at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao: Good morning, everyone. Most of my questions have been answered here already, just - I know it gone around a couple of different ways in terms of the hospital opportunity, but I'm just wondering quite simplistically of the 5,000 or 6,000 hospitals out there in the US, I guess what percentage of those do you guys consider in the investible universe?
Debra Cafaro: Well, there is 3,000 owned by not-for-profit, so even if you took half of them it would be a pretty big number. And importantly these are large single opportunities and I would imagine that we and Ardent together, if we acquired one or two of these things a year, I mean we would be on fire. So the thing I love about the hospital business is, you only need it so big, you only need a little bit of success to be very successful. And I do think that we will put together a really great try ad of top hospital client, TS over 400 hospital clients or have a good private equity partner, hopefully and we'll have our real estate capital and all this capability. So hopefully we can find one or two of the 3,000 not-for-profit here to drive growth.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Kim at BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Kim: Thank you, good morning. I have questions on Tier capital. Since you made the announcement, have you been approached by any third party’s to buy some more all the assets being spun out?
Debra Cafaro: We're really focused on completing the stand and getting our Form 10 filed as we did yesterday.
John Kim: Would you consider any alter step that were made to?
Debra Cafaro: Again, I mean I think Ventas is always interested in creating the maximum value for shareholders and right now we're very focused on completing the Spin as it's been announced.
John Kim: Also if the assets are being transferred to CCP at booked value and it's net of cumulative depreciation, was there an option to transfer the portfolio at the fair market value or you basically implying that this is the fair market value?
Debra Cafaro: Okay, the company is going to be worth $5 billion or upwards of that and [Technical Difficulty] accounting document so policy accounting rules which are booked value.
Bob Probst: There is no judgment in this, it's simply a transfer book, those are the rules.
Debra Cafaro: The Form 10 reflects the booked value, it is not in any way attempt to reflect the market value of those assets which is quite high.
John Kim: Right, okay. I'm just wondering if you had made an acquisition, you would put the full value of that acquisition on your book and basically CCP is taking the net asset value?
Bob Probst: Yes, and I think it's important to remember that a number of these assets were - Ventas added very inception in 1997, and before that Invencore were acquired in a pooled accounting method and never written up. So, I mean the basis on these things in some circumstances goes back to 80s. So…
Debra Cafaro: So I think the way you should think about it is we are creating a lot of value.
John Kim: Got it, okay. And then also there is going to be an extra $43 million of merger related cost this year and approximately $25 million related to the Spin off. Is Care Capital paying a similar amount as far as their portion of the transaction cost?
Bob Probst: Just to clarify, the increases in the deal process I think you see in the table and the press release is really a function of the Ardent transaction which is a significant increase in change from where we were last guidance. As I said, we haven't included any cost in our outlook here, including those costs are separation for SpinCo, so that's not in that number.
John Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of George Hockland [ph], Jefferies. Go ahead please.
Unidentified Analyst: Why don't you just give a little bit of additional color on the potential impacts of the recent CMS proposals on the Q-care and L-Tax side especially since there seems to be a bunch of moving pieces on the L-Tax side where the client could be as high as 4.6%?
Debra Cafaro: Happy to do that, I think that the rate increase itself is up 1.2%, and as we expected and as everyone knew the L-Tax are going to have patient certification criteria come into play, for tenders that's not going to start until the fourth quarter of 2016, and there is a two-year phase after that. So there will be some individual hospital ups and downs as it relates to that. But in general, this is something that has been expected for some time, and I think you will see it play out over the kind of 2017 plus period.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. We have time for couple of more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Todd Spender at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning and thanks for staying on.
Debra Cafaro: We're happy to do it Todd, go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Bob, just that I get it right, you highlighted that you might expect some decline in Q2 results I think due to recent disposition volume. But when you look at same-store, what kind of offset can we expect maybe due to seasonality and senior housing, I guess how much seasonality is there specifically an independent living thing? And maybe can you comment on the recent holiday portfolio.
Bob Probst: Okay, in terms of phasing on same-store, you will see a slowdown in the phasing of same-store, quarter-to-quarter sequentially, that is really a function of the fees I talked about which we realized in the first quarter, don't expect it to recur in the second quarter. Offset in part to your point on SHOP where we will see an acceleration in growth beginning in the second quarter due to that seasonality. So those are dynamics there but net-net for the size of those are such that you're going to have slower growth. At a more macro level we talked about the growth slowing year-on-year and down sequentially, I mean that's really a function of disposition proceeds versus the reinvestment, so disposition really largely realized, reinvestments in our beginning in the second half as we discussed. So it's really a timing issue in all cases.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks Bob, and any specific comments you can make on how holiday is trending?
Bob Probst: You want to take that?
Ray Lewis: You know a holiday is generally in line with our expectations and performing as expected.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jordan Satla [ph] at KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, thank you. So as it relates to the reimbursement question as a follow-up to George’s question, can you respond also as it relates to the Q-Care reimbursement levels and how they may have foot relative to your underwriting and expectations on Ardent?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, yes. So hospitals are proposed rule, again all these rules are proposed, they are subject to comment and they will be finalized in July or August. So in the case of hospitals, they are giving a market basket increase of almost 2%, there are some offsets to that relatively to productivity and affordable care act, and those are again very much in line with our expectations on Ardent. Ardent is doing well, they are performing well, I think we have - and they have modest expectations in the go forward numbers for Medicare increases, and really what you have to do is where you have these markets leading positions in markets, you have to drive commercial pay hour rate increases which really tend to be higher than Medicare rate increases and drive volume and cost efficiencies.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. And then, I heard you in the prior question as it related to SpinCo or CCP rather, reference $5 billion plus number in terms of valuation. So should we assume sub 6.5% cap rate, am I thinking about that correctly?
Debra Cafaro: Go for it.
Unidentified Analyst: So that math pencils then, right? I'm thinking about that correct relatively to the $5 billion plus?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, that's close enough for government work, how is that?
Unidentified Analyst: That's perfect. Last one, quick one is on the Ardent transaction, I know in guidance it's July 1; is the funding assumption embedded in guidance Bob, is that funded on the line or is that at your average borrowing rate? Is there some equity layered in there, what's hitting the guidance there?
Bob Probst: Yes, it's consistent with our capital structure so you're going to have - and the disposition proceeds, so we're going to have a mix of funding sources there very consistent with our overall capital structure. Our leverage needs the assumption.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. I'll take one more question and then we'll wrap it up.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein at Stifel. Please go ahead.
Daniel Bernstein: Last but not least. I guess one question I have is, in the beginning of the call you talked about stronger bids or anticipating of stronger bids, I look at the 7% or so on Ardent, 5.7% on the MOBs you sold that looked like smaller, tertiary MOBs. How should I think about where cap rates have gone for the last six months to down 25 basis points to 50 basis points, so I'm thinking 7% on hospitals, is it really low five’s and seniors in MOBs for good high quality portfolios?
Debra Cafaro: I think we have seen - as we saw in June of last year, a compression of cap rates for quality healthcare assets because of the good cash flows and demand profile for the assets. And so I would say for high quality MOBs and senior housing you're definitely are going to be sub-six, and in some cases for B’s assets, you're going to be potentially six or below if it's a large portfolio. So there has been compression and we're glad that we're early and large owners of both of those asset types.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay, I'll hop off, it's been a long call. Thanks. End of Q&A
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, thank you for hanging in there with us and I thank everyone else for joining us today and for your support of both, Ventas and CCP. And we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman - SVP, Capital Markets & IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman & CEO Ray Lewis - President Bob Probst - CFO
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citi Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Josh Raskin - Barclays Derek Bower - Evercore ISI Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Nick Yulico - UBS Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Daniel Bernstein - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katina, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to the host for today's call, Ms. Lori Wittman, SVP of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Katina. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today, regarding its results for the year and the quarter ended December 31, 2014. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Lori. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Thank you for joining Ventas's year-end 2014 earnings call. As always we are delighted to share our outstanding 2014 results and accomplishments with you, and rollout our expectations for 2015. Following my remarks, Ray Lewis, will discuss our portfolio performance; and our new CFO, Bob Probst, will review our financial results and outlook in greater detail. We're very excited to have Bob, on the Ventas team. 2014 was a terrific year with notable highlights. We were also very consistent during the year in core respects, such as our strong FFO per share and dividend growth, the continued expansion and success of our business, and the strength and character of our team. Once again we achieved record financial results. This core consistency and repeatability of Ventas's performance truly distinguishes the company and continues to create shareholder wealth. Since 2000, our compound annual total return to shareholders is 29%. We've generated 10% compound annual FFO per share growth since 2004, and 9% compound annual dividend growth during the same period, boosted by 24% compound annual growth in our operating cash flow. In 2014 alone, we delivered normalized FFO per share growth of 8%, total return to shareholders of 31%, and dividend growth of 9%, while preserving our industry leading FFO payout ratio of 66%. Our normalized FFO of $4.48 per share represents record results for the company and is above the high-end of our 2014 guidance range. These results and our continued commitment to performance, and to our stakeholders, define Ventas and place us in the top tier of all companies. At Ventas, we focus our efforts around three pillars of sustained excellence. Raising capital efficiently, allocating capital wisely, and managing our assets productively. Here are a few highlights of 2014. On the capital raising front, we showed insight and agility in our activity. We tapped the bond market in early 2014 at just the right time, pivoted to the bank market to fund our deals in the third quarter, and then promptly hit the Canadian bond market with the largest REIT fixed income offering ever to provide long-term fixed rate financing, as well as hedging benefits for our Holiday Canada acquisition. Likewise, we chose to wait out volatility in the bond market in December to access the debt markets when they were more attractive in January, raising $1.1 billion in long-term fixed rate bonds at 3.7% for 15 years. Maintaining our focus on financial strength and flexibility, we used our at-the-market equity program, as well as the HCT transaction to efficiently fund our investments and delever in December and January. Turning to capital allocation. Our investment activity has continued to be robust as we've completed over $5 billion of investments in the U.S., UK, and Canada. Just since we spoke to you in October, we have closed over $1 billion in portfolio level investments. These investments are expected to yield over 7.5% and they include a significant senior secured loan in a large pool of diverse healthcare and senior housing assets; an expansion of our UK footprint with the acquisition of five private pay care homes in the UK under a triple-net lease to the existing operator; an investment in 12 newer post-acute facilities with an existing customer; an acquisition of eight higher-end senior living communities located in the Western U.S. operated by a new desirable customer under a long-term triple-net lease; an investment in seven assisted-living communities with an existing highly valued customer who used the proceeds to achieve full ownership of its operating company; and the $60 million construction loan to a thriving hospital in Colorado with the proceeds being used to build a new replacement hospital in its existing market. Of course, we also just closed our public-to-public acquisition of HCT. With that deal, we added 152 quality property, mostly medical office buildings and senior living assets, to our portfolio. These primarily private pay assets are consistent with our strategy, expand our customer base, and will improve some key metrics in our business. We are in the process of integrating those assets into our enterprise, leveraging our existing employees and infrastructure to manage them going forward. As you can see from the broad range of different asset types, structures, and geographies of our recent deals, the overall acquisition environment remains dynamic and deep, offering us abundant investment opportunities both domestically and abroad. We are highly confident that Ventas has the team, relationships, and track record to continue capturing a significant level of investment with new and existing customers. But as you know, capital allocation isn't just about investing. As we foreshadowed with you last quarter, we are taking the opportunity in this active market to recycle capital by executing a thoughtful disposition strategy. Our goals are to rationalize and improve the quality of our portfolio, take advantage of favorable valuations in the market, and increase our growth rate and/or the reliability of our future cash flow. This year, we expect to recycle about $600 million in capital. Examples of assets targeted for disposition include our sale of non-strategic MOBs, our sale of senior living communities to the existing tenant where our rent is significantly above the underlying cash flow, and a one-off disposition of a senior living community at a favorable valuation where we don't expect to do further business with the care provider. We believe these deals will make us a better company. Finally, of course our third pillar of excellence is using our skill, expertise, and relationship, to manage our diverse portfolio of assets productively. Notable accomplishments included our same-store cash NOI growth of 3.9% for the year. Atria, our largest operator, led the way with excellent growth in the 177 communities that manages on our behalf. During the year, our medical office building and triple-net teams delivered above trend performance through their hard work and focus. And we were particularly pleased to successfully re-lease or sell substantially all the 108 Kindred assets up for renewal in 2014, as well as reach a favorable deal with Kindred at year-end that further streamlined our portfolio and achieved significant economic value for our stakeholders, through receipt of a $37 million cash payment in January. As a result of our activities, I am pleased to introduce our normalized FFO guidance of between $4.63 per share and $4.71 per share for 2015. I would also note that we have guided to NAREIT FFO for the year at a 7% per share midpoint growth rate. Please note that we have embedded both the deleveraging impact of our recent equity issuances and the timing lag between dispositions and reinvestments in our guidance. Bob will discuss the key assumptions underpinning our initial expectations for the year in greater detail. Finally, I'd like to recognize and thank our Ventas employees for their dedication to our enterprise and to each other in 2014. They truly distinguish themselves during the year with their cohesiveness, character, and commitment. And on that note, I am happy to turn the call over to Ray.
Ray Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. The fourth quarter completed another strong year of growth for the more than 1400 diversified senior housing, medical office, and post-acute properties we owned at year-end. Our same-store cash NOI for the total portfolio grew by 3.9% for both the year and the quarter, which was at the high-end of our 3.5% to 4% range. These strong results were evident in all three of our segments. Let me start with our seniors housing operating portfolio, the majority of which is operated by Atria and Sunrise. At year-end, this portfolio of high quality assets totaled 270 properties primarily located in high barrier-to-entry markets with excellent demographics across the U.S. and Canada. The total SHOP portfolio generated NOI after management fees of $138 million in the fourth quarter, growth of nearly 19% year-over-year, driven primarily by solid same-store cash NOI growth, and the addition of 33 new properties in 2014. Average occupancy in the total portfolio increased 80 basis points year-over-year to a very strong 92.1%. This exceeds the average primary market senior housing occupancy reported by NIC by 160 basis points. For the full-year, the total portfolio generated NOI after management fees of $516 million, an increase of 15% over 2013. Average occupancy over the year was stable at just over 91%. NOI in the 232 properties in our same-store portfolio increased 5.6% in the fourth quarter of 2014 over the fourth quarter of 2013. Performance was driven by an 80 basis point increase in occupancy, a 2.2% increase in RevPAR, and an 80 basis point increase in margin over the prior year. For the full-year 2014, NOI in the 217 properties in our same-store portfolio grew by 4.5% right in line with the 4% to 5% growth rate we provided in our guidance. Performance was driven by rate, which increased 2.7% and expense controls which increased margins by 60 basis points. Looking behind the number, same-store NOI performance for the year and the quarter was driven by outstanding results in our Atria portfolio, offset somewhat by lower growth in our Sunrise portfolio. During 2015, we are projecting continued modest growth from our Sunrise portfolio. Looking at the broader senior housing landscape, construction has remained fairly constant at 3.7% of inventory in the 99 markets reported by NIC. By contrast in the three-mile trade area around our buildings, construction was only 2.1% of inventory due to the high barrier-to-entry infill locations that are typical in our SHOP portfolio. And this is reflected in the performance of our portfolio, when compared to the net top 99 markets, our same-store stable occupancy at 92.8% was 220 basis points higher than the net average, and our RevPAR at $5,565 per month is 64% higher than the NIC senior housing data. Next I'll cover our triple-net lease portfolio which accounts for 52% of our NOI. This diversified and productive portfolio of 922 senior housing post-acute and hospital assets delivered another year of strong and stable performance. The 829 assets that we own for the full-year of 2014 and 2013 grew above historical trends at 3.7% year-over-year. As we mentioned in previous calls, triple-net performance benefited from escalation and higher fees and other payments from our tenants in 2014. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the third quarter of 2014, the latest available information was strong and stable at 1.6 times. We will continue to actively manage our triple-net portfolio and work in collaboration with our tenant relationships, to drive performance and growth in the cash flows, increased asset value, and sustained portfolio quality. Finally, our Lillibridge MOB segment turned in another strong year. For the full-year 2014 NOI in the total consolidated portfolio was $293 million, an increase of 3.9% over 2013. Performance was driven substantially by strong same-store cash NOI growth of 3.8%. This exceptional growth was primarily driven by increasing rental rate and our continued focus on managing expenses and driving margins. With the addition of 83 properties that were acquired as part of the HCT transaction, our Lillibridge MOB segment platform now owns or manages over 23 million square feet of medical office building. Our fully integrated Lillibridge branded property management leasing and development platform capabilities are unique among the healthcare REITs and enable us to drive industry leading growth in our MOB portfolio. Already we have in-sourced property management on 23 of the HCT multi-tenant MOBs and expect to take on 12 more properties during the year, leveraging our scale and best-in-class MOB infrastructure for the benefit of our shareholders intent. So in summary, 2014 was another outstanding year for our balanced and diversified portfolio. We delivered strong performance in each of our lines of business for both the fourth quarter and the year. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to our new CFO, Bob Probst, to discuss our financial results and outlook. Bob?
Bob Probst: Thank you, Ray. Let me start by diving right into the numbers for the fourth quarter of 2014. In the fourth quarter, Ventas delivered normalized FFO of $342 million, an increase of 9.1% versus prior year. Q4 normalized FFO was $1.15 per fully diluted share versus $1.06 per share in 2013, an increase of 8.5%. The Q4 increase is primarily due to the positive impact of acquisitions, together with the strong performance of our same-store portfolio in the quarter. In terms of financing, we raised $246 million under our ATM program during the quarter, issuing 3.38 million shares at an average price of $72.74 before underwriters' discounts and fees. The dividend for the quarter was $235 million or $0.79 per share, an increase of 9%. Our strong payout ratio provides upside for future dividend growth. Turning to the full-year results for 2014, full-year 2014 normalized FFO totaled $4.48 per fully diluted share, an increase of 8.2% over 2013 normalized FFO of $4.14 per fully diluted share. This increase is driven by the full-year carryover impact of acquisitions completed in 2013, together with $2.4 billion of new investments in 2014. Full-year FFO further benefited from strong same-store NOI growth of 3.9% and an uptick in our net debt to EBITDA ratio during the year. Cash flow from operations also reached a record $1.25 billion in 2014. CapEx for the year totaled $194 million, inclusive of investments and development and redevelopment totaling $107 million. Cash flow after dividends and CapEx exceeded $285 million, even after our 9% dividend increase in December. We ended the year at a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 5.9 times and with a revolver balance of $919 million. Fixed charge coverage was exceptional at 4.7 times and we improved our percentage of secured debt to 9%, as we continue to refinance higher rate mortgages with unsecured debt. Before I turn to 2015, I'd like to take a few minutes to touch on FX. As a result of our recent international acquisitions, our exposure has increased to movements in the British pounds and the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. On an FFO basis, the net earnings impact after hedges, including local currency borrowings, would equal $0.01 per share for any 10% moves in either currency. In order to neutralize the effects of currency movements, and better portray underlying performance, we now report our same-store performance in a standard multinational constant currency format in our supplemental reporting. We will also quantify the estimated full-year impact of FX in our guidance for the year. Turning now into 2015, I'd like to highlight some important accomplishments that have already occurred at this early stage in the year. In early January, we accessed the capital markets both in the U.S. and Canada. We raised $900 million in the U.S. markets, at a weighted average rate of 3.8%, for a weighted average maturity of 16.6 years. We also raised Canadian bonds of $250 million Canadian at a rate of 3.3% for seven years. In addition, we issued 3.8 million shares of equity under our ATM at a weighted average share price of $77.38 before underwriters' fees and discounts. On January 16, we closed on our acquisition of HCT properties. We issued a total of 28.4 million shares of common stock plus 1.1 million units redeemable into common stock. In addition, we assumed approximately $167 million of mortgage debt and paid cash of approximately $750 million net of cash on hand. After the HCT closing and the issuance under the ATM, we now have a total of 335 million of common shares outstanding, a 13% increase versus 2014. In addition to the HCT closing, we have already closed on acquisitions totaling approximately $320 million in 2015. The net effect of these transactions is a very strong credit profile and positioning for the year. Currently our debt to total capitalization is exceptional at 31%. At quarter-end we project an improvement in our net debt to EBITDA to 5.7 times, floating rate debt to 16% of total debt, weighted average debt maturity of nearly seven years, and a weighted average interest rate of 3.6%, a slight increase due to our longer-term fixed rate refinances completed in January to term out and fix over $1 billion in floating rate debt. Currently we have $1.5 billion available under our revolver thereby providing a strong liquidity position. I will close out my remarks with a summary of our outlook for 2015. Our expectation as we begin the year is to deliver normalized FFO per share in the range of $4.63 to $4.71. This range represents a growth rate of between 3% to 5% in normalized FFO per share. Our expected same-store growth rate, our assumptions around capital recycling via disposition, and our recent actions to delever are each worth about 1 point of growth in 2015 versus 2014. Let me cover each of these factors, as well as other key assumptions that shaped our 2015 guidance range. We project total company same-store 2015 cash NOI growth of between 2.5% to 3.5%. At a segment level, we project SHOP same-store cash NOI to grow 3% to 5%, MOBs to increase by 2.5% to 3.5%, and our triple-net portfolio to grow 2% to 3%. We have not included in our 2015 triple-net projections speculative fees rather payments nor have we included the $37 million payment we received from Kindred in January, relating to existing assets, which would effectively increase our 2015 same-store growth expectations to 4.5% to 5.5%. Looking further at our SHOP segment, we are expecting our 305 properties in our total portfolio to deliver NOI between $610 million and $622 million, including the 35 SHOP communities we acquired as part of the HCT acquisition. Within the SHOP portfolio, we expect Atria to continue to deliver outsized growth, driven by both rate and occupancy increases, and slower growth in Sunrise. We project that 2015 expense growth will trend up, mitigating the positive impact of rate and occupancy gains. Our guidance assumes 2015 capital recycling totaling approximately $600 million. This total includes the previously discussed MOB portfolio sale, together with approximately $450 million in other asset dispositions, and receipts from loan repayments. The average expected yield on these dispositions approximate 7% and they are expected to be completed early in the year. We have assumed that we reinvest the capital from dispositions in new investments at an expected yield in the mid-6s later in the year. No additional incremental acquisitions or dispositions have been assumed in guidance. Although, as Debbie mentioned, we are highly engaged in potential new deal activity. Our guidance incorporates the Canadian to U.S. dollar exchange rate assumption of 1.25 and U.S. dollar to British pound of 1.50. Net of hedging effects, this assumption has a $0.02 negative impact to 2015 relative to 2014 average actual FX rates. Our ending weighted average share count of 335 million shares is assumed to remain relatively constant over the course of the year. So in summary, we are pleased with our performance in 2014, and look to continue our long track record of earnings and dividend growth in 2015. With that, I will ask the operator to please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Smedes Rose representing Citi. Please proceed.
Smedes Rose: Thank you. I just wanted to make sure I understood something. In January you mentioned that you had $1 billion of acquisitions underway, so based on your comments, all of that has closed now at this point?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That's right.
Smedes Rose: Okay. So the only thing that's in your guidance for acquisitions would be just the recycling of the $600 million that you just touched on?
Bob Probst: Correct.
Smedes Rose: Okay. I wanted to ask you just sort of bigger picture; as you look at acquisition opportunities coming across your desk now, and I'm sure you see pretty much everything, is there any kind of change in the quality of assets that you are seeing or the kinds of stuff that people are offering? Or any kind of change in cap rates, say, over the past several quarters to what you are seeing now? And are you more inclined to be looking in the UK and Canada versus the U.S., or any kind of changes around there for future acquisition activity?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. I think the most overriding theme on the investment front is that we continue to see a very high volume and pace and variety of investment opportunities. And that's evidenced by the range of investments we have described to you on the call. And we -- the principle of Ventas business continues to be in the U.S., where I would say we have great opportunities because of the fragmented market here and the fact that we still are in early innings in terms of the privately held assets migrating into public hands. We are still early in that versus some of the other re-sectors and that's a huge opportunity domestically. And then, we do have -- we have seen an increase in activity and opportunities outside the U.S. And we are selectively targeting certain jurisdictions and working on those types of transactions as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria representing Bank of America. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I was just hoping you could give us a little bit more color on the cap rates for the assets, that $1 billion you have closed in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, sort of by asset type. We've seen some stories in the press about more senior housing assets at 5.5% cap rate range, so just looking for a little bit of color there on kind of where the market is at for the different product types.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So if you look at that let's call it $1 billion, $1.1 billion of acquisitions, I would say that you could categorize them in a couple of ways. You would see kind of debt development and redevelopment on a cash basis being in and slightly above may be the 8-ish range plus or minus on a cash basis, a little bit higher on GAAP. And then on triple-net senior housing, I think you're going to see closer to 6 with the GAAP deals a little bit higher. So what I would tell you is that we are seeing a very, very low cap rates on senior housing in general. And as you can see from our investment activities while we are very bullish on senior housing in general, we have weighted our investment activity to other types of opportunities that we are seeing that provide really good risk adjusted return in our opinion.
Juan Sanabria: And with the post-acute assets you acquired, are those -- the traditional long-term care or more the short-term stay model? And where do you see pricing for those assets?
Debra Cafaro: Good question. Yes, we did do a follow-on deal with an existing customer in the post-acute business. These are newer, skilled nursing assets; I would say all skilled nursing assets have a quality mix, if you will. In this case these particular assets have a nice quality mix of 55% they're newer assets. And so in general it's toward more of the shorter stay Medicaid type asset, but in the middle, very high quality, very nice good coverage et cetera, good quality.
Juan Sanabria: And the pricing that you are kind of seeing for those assets? Sorry.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that the lease rate for quality post-acute are in the, call it 7.5% to 8.25% lease rate.
Juan Sanabria: Great, thanks. And just a last question. I think may be Ray touched on this on some pressures on the expense side. If you could just articulate kind of where those are coming from. Is it pressure on labor costs? Obviously the job market has improved and there is new supply so may be competition for talent, or what that is and what we should be thinking about for year-over-year growth.
Ray Lewis: Sure, Juan. I think really there are three major categories that are driving the expense growth year-over-year, and they account for about 70% of total expense spend in our properties, and they are salaries, wages, and benefits, utilities, and property taxes. The salaries, wages, and benefits, I think the biggest impact we're hearing there from our operators is minimum wage impacts in California and New York, which are our two larger SHOP states and those went into effect sort of late last year and have the effect of sort of raising all the wages in sympathy. I think in the utilities we're -- we've got a concentration of assets in the Northeast where there are a lot of coal fire plants coming offline and so we're projecting some pretty strong utility growth in that area. And then, with respect to property taxes, we just don't really budget appeals and so there may be some opportunity there in next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin representing Barclays. Please proceed.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thank you. First question is on healthcare.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: Good morning, Debbie. The healthcare trust assets, I was wondering if you had an update on the occupancy levels for the MOBs as well as the SHOP portfolio there.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we expect the HCT, MOBs to be about 91% occupied, did I say 97%?
Bob Probst: Yes, 97.1%.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, 97%.
Josh Raskin: Okay, 97.1%, all right. So that's relatively back to where they were. And on the SHOP side?
Debra Cafaro: Exactly, yes. On the short stuff we're going to put it in the kind of 90% to 94% range.
Josh Raskin: Okay. So wide range but -- a wide range but relatively stable as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, definitely.
Josh Raskin: Got you. And then I guess a second question just around the SNFs. It sounds like that those 12 post-acute assets were some of those newer SNFs and I'm just curious to get your perspective on the market there. It sounded like cap rates are anywhere between I think you said 7.5% to 8.25%. I'm assuming you are talking about SNFs specifically there. May be just general thoughts on where you think the SNF market is from an investment perspective.
Debra Cafaro: Well again, you're right about the lease yields that I provided which would be in that sort of 7.5% to 8.25% in the quarter range. I would say that the skilled market, skilled nursing market or post-acute continues to be an important part of the healthcare continuum. I think that you've seen a tremendous revaluation of that asset class, which is something we talked about for a long time. And I think we're seeing that come to fruition, as you've seen some other deals at even seven lease yields and things like that on skilled nursing assets. So we're being selective here and think we found a nice portfolio in a way it was able to really helping existing customer and so that met our investment criteria and so we move forward.
Josh Raskin: I guess I was just -- may be a little more specific on the operations. They got a rate increase in October. I know Ray mentioned some of the earnings -- some of the expense pressures. I'm sure that is similar; some of that spills over. So I'm just curious if you are seeing any improvement in 4Q. It looked like comp? Fine.
Debra Cafaro: I think, we have seen in the skilled nursing market several consecutive years of those Medicare and Medicaid increase and so that is a favorable. And we continue to believe that there is a good way to make a good risk adjusted investment in skilled nursing, if you do it with a quality provider, and you have a margin of safety in terms of lease coverage at the property level, and that's how we invest in skilled nursing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Bower representing Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Derek Bower: Thanks. You guys mentioned your rents are over 60% above the NIC average and your occupancy is 200 basis points better as well, but the rent growth spread between your portfolio and NIC's has somewhat narrowed and I think in the fourth quarter actually was below NIC. So have you guys thought much about why this trend has occurred? Do you think higher occupancy could lead to better pricing power going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Derek.
Ray Lewis: Hi, Derek. I think our rates remain pretty strong and we have experienced good occupancy growth even in the fourth quarter, which is typically a quarter when we see occupancy flat to declining as people don't move in around the holidays. So the occupancy trend in our portfolio remains pretty strong. As you point out our rates are well above NIC which I think reflects the quality of our portfolio. As we look at next year, I think we're seeing Atria doing a good job of continuing to push rates. I think Sunrise has not pushed rates as much as Atria and that's going to lead to some margin compression due to the expense increases that I talked about earlier.
Derek Bower: And you mentioned Sunrise would only do modest growth this year. Could you kind of frame out may be what the spread would be in NOI growth this year? Could it be 200 basis points, 300 basis points; is that sort of how to think about it?
Ray Lewis: I think the way to think about it is that they're not really pushing the rates to offset the unusually higher increases in expenses this year as I said. And I think the growth rates next year are going to be sort of consistent and perhaps a little bit less than what they delivered this year.
Derek Bower: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. Can you just lastly talk about the loan investment strategy going forward? You guys mentioned earlier you might have done a mezz deal. Can you talk about what the size of that investment was, may be what's attracted you to it and what assets are actually secured as part of that?
Debra Cafaro: Great. So yes, as a capital provider to senior living and healthcare assets, part of our business is originating loans it's -- and so we've seen some good opportunity on the secured mezz loans, which is on a very diverse large pool of healthcare and senior housing assets. And what attracted us to it really is we think it's an excellent risk adjusted return, it's a very secured in terms of the spot in the capital structure and that's in kind of 60% to 75% loan to cost tranche and the returns are about 8% current and the coverage is quite good. So all in all, when you have a significant equity investment that supports a loan and you can get that tranche at a very nice 8% on a secured loan. On quality assets, that looks like a good opportunity to us and we took advantage of it.
Derek Bower: And are these mostly senior housing or MOB assets that are secured?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it's a mix portfolio which is one of things that we really like about the investment is that provides you greater certainty on the cash flows because there is mostly private pay, MOBs, and senior housing, again diverse operators, diverse pool, diverse geography. And so that gives you good downside protection as well as the equity cushion that's there and the cash flow coverage.
Derek Bower: That's helpful. Thanks Debby.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson representing Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Good morning. So the $600 million of dispositions in the early part of this year, I know that's all you have in guidance, but to what extent are you on the lookout for more in terms of pruning the portfolio? And specifically may be -- you mentioned 23 million square feet of MOBs now. How much of that do you consider in the kind of non-core long-term category?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. I'm really happy that we were able to kind of follow through on what we talked about last quarter and really start to execute some focused disposition activities that we do think will make us a better company. Once we get through this effort which we hope to do in the first and maybe a little bit into the second quarter. I think, there is always an opportunity to look at your portfolio and continue to focus and improve the quality, and we will continue to look for those kinds of opportunities balancing of course our desire to continue to drive cash flows and dividends. So those are -- that’s how we are thinking about it.
Rich Anderson: Do you have a sense of what percentage of the portfolio like particularly MOBs is kind of stuff you would have at least to look at in terms of selling?
Debra Cafaro: There is always going to be -- we have a $37 billion portfolio, which we are quite happy about, we think its high quality. There is always going to be things at the bottom that you can think about recycling capital, and there’s always actually think that are at the top where you have we’ve talked about really, really fantastic cap rates on senior housing; maybe there’s some markets where we would want to create value by lightning up in a market or, as I said, where we’re not going to do business with the operator going further and then we can use those to recycle into early stage more value creating investment. So we’re looking at in multiple dimension, multiple asset type and, given the size of our portfolio, I would expect that we will have other opportunities in the future.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And the second question and only last question for me is you mentioned the Sunrise way relative to Atria IV in terms of internal growth prospects. To what degree are you willing to put up with that and is there any way that you would have the ability to replace them if they are just not meeting some set standards that are -- that you are expecting?
Ray Lewis: So look, first, it's important to know that Sunrise provide excellent care to high acuity population in our building. So that is a very positive about Sunrise. And while they've got day-to-day operating responsibility we are constantly in dialog with them about ways that we can drive the financial performance in our portfolio. In particular, this year we’re going to focus on trying to push rates in markets where we have higher occupancy and managing those expenses to hopefully do better than the budget. But our goal is to have Sunrise return to their prior levels of performance in that portfolio. We do have good contracts that have incentives and protective rights and we use those to drive behavior in the portfolio. So that’s where we are and I think that where we’re going to continue to focus over the balance of this year.
Rich Anderson: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott representing Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a question touch on that Griffin mezz loan. When you guys think about that are you allocating capital just for a risk-adjusted return or is there a broader strategic element at play?
Debra Cafaro: Great question. And I don’t remember saying the word Griffin. So I’ll just let you get by with that. I would say the following: in our loan activities which we have as an ongoing part of our business, as I said, we generally originate loans to get a good risk-adjusted return and to get repaid. There maybe when we look at the variety of outcomes, we always want to be comfortable that at the end of the day if it turned into an ownership position that we would be happy with that and we would be in good asset at a good basis basically. And so we feel very much that way about Griffin, but our intent certainly is to make the good loan and get repaid on that loan.
Michael Knott: Okay, thanks. And then can you give any more update specifically on the MOB portfolio that you wanted to sell? I think previously you had said $200 million, maybe 6 cap plus or minus?
Debra Cafaro: We can. We have a little bit better visibility on that and I think that you will see us close a little bit more than 30 of those assets here later in the first and into the second quarter with the cap rate and kind of 6.25-ish range.
Michael Knott: Okay, thanks. And last one for me, just curious how aggressive you guys think you might be investing in the UK this year, and what is attracting you to continue to grow over there?
Debra Cafaro: Well it all -- good question. We have expanded out footprint in the UK this year. We started with Spire; great hospital operator, successful IPO with over a ₤1 billion equity market cap. We’ve expanded now with a good operator in senior housing. We like the market for all the reasons that we talked about which is it’s a very deep market; it has all three asset types in it, there is broad acceptance of PropCo/OpCo in all sectors there. I mean, in fact, the hospital sector there is more advanced than it is in the U.S. in terms of PropCo/OpCo separation. There is a great demographic and policy support for healthcare there, and really great capital markets where you can match fund. So it certainly meets all of our criteria for investing abroad and so we will continue to explore both follow-on opportunities there, as well as new opportunities, and it will all depend -- the outcome will all depend on whether we see great risk-adjusted opportunities there, and hopefully we will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico representing UBS. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thanks. Going back to the senior housing, the SHOP guidance this year, I think you said 3% to 5% on NOI same-store. How much of that is being driven -- that range being driven by variability and expenses? And can you give us what you are thinking about on expenses because it seems like that it's sort of a driver of whether you guys are going to be bottom, mid or top of that range?
Bob Probst: Yes. Nick, thanks for the questions. It's Bob here. The range really -- on the downside at a lower end of the range is more function of occupancy. We've got really aggressive occupancy growth in the budget, and particularly within Sunrise. And so delivering on that is clearly critical. To your point on the upside of the range, it's really about the labor cost productivity to help mitigate those inflationary costs, which are above inflation level sort of unusual in some cases, for example, with the minimum wage levels we have seen. So being able to drive productivity in the assets, maintain that margin is really what drives the higher end of the scenario.
Nick Yulico: Okay. So what is the range you think about on the same-store expense growth of that portfolio?
Bob Probst: I think it's fair to say mid-single digits.
Nick Yulico: I think well the single-digit is a pretty wide range --
Bob Probst: Mid -- mid --
Nick Yulico: Is that 0% to 9%?
Bob Probst: That's not. I don't define it that way. In the 5% range, so above inflation would be --
Nick Yulico: So about 5% we should think about on same-store expense growth this year?
Bob Probst: Yes.
Nick Yulico: [Indiscernible] stock portfolio?
Bob Probst: Correct.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Great. And then, what about you said -- I mean, occupancy, you said it sounds like the upside -- coming upside could be from occupancy. Well, what do you -- I mean, what's the range you think about on occupancy growth for that portfolio this year?
Bob Probst: Yes. We have assumed -- and Ray mentioned about 80 basis points improvement year-over-year something in line with that, reasonable trend line in line with that I think is a fair assumption for the base case. And we started the year happily. As we look at the January numbers, it appears we're in line with that in the start of the year, and obviously we need to see that continue throughout the year. I think you'll see from a phasing point of view therefore year-on-year we have a strong first half on some of the auctions we sold off. So on a year-over-year basis you'll see strength in the back half of the year as we see it.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then rate growth, do you think -- is it going to be similar to last year?
Bob Probst: If not, a bit better. As Ray, mentioned, in particularly in the case of Atria they pushed the rate a bit harder. So in effort to neutralize that cost inflation we're hoping to see a bit more rates than we did in 2014.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thanks for that. And then just one other one on the loan that you did. What is the duration of that loan?
Debra Cafaro: Hey, Nick, this is Debbie. So you're talking about the net flow, the secured net flow?
Nick Yulico: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So its five years with a little complexity underneath that but think about it as five years.
Nick Yulico: Five years, okay. And can I just -- this is maybe more of a comment, but I mean when you guys do $1 billion of acquisitions, pretty helpful to have the actual details of some of these acquisitions in the press release or the supplemental. A lot of your competitors do that; I think it's pretty useful so we can understand exactly what you guys are buying and so it looks less like a black box thing?
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, good recommendation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford representing KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Karin Ford: Good morning, thank you. Can you just tell us how the Holiday portfolio has been performing relative to your underwriting and do you see any additional follow-on opportunities to invest with that operator in 2015?
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Karin. It's performing exactly as we expected. And as I think everyone knows that Holiday is a very large senior living provider and there have been multiple transactions, two of which we have done. And well I can't predict what the owners of Holiday would do. I think it's fair to say that they continue, they will continue to look for ways to create value there and that could include additional follow-on transaction.
Karin Ford: Thanks, that's helpful. And then just lastly, Ray, what do you think is the primary reason why Sunrise is having lack of ability to push rents? It sounds like the portfolio is still under occupied in your view. Is that fair to say? And what do you think is the primary reason?
Ray Lewis: I mean I would say Karin, that it's really that they, when they put their rate letters out they didn't push as hard I think as others did. And I think they missed an opportunity and so for the balance of the year we're going to be working on pushing the street rates and the move-ins to try to make up for that. But I think really that is the, that is really what it is.
Karin Ford: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Karin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi, good morning, everyone. First of all --
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Tayo.
Tayo Okusanya: How are you?
Debra Cafaro: Good.
Tayo Okusanya: Bob, good job this morning. You sound like an old pro there already.
Bob Probst: I appreciate that. Appreciate Tayo you put that now.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Tayo Okusanya: Two quick ones from us. I think with the Sunrise thing we kind of get what's going on. Debbie, you made this interesting comment again about your investment outlook and just looking outside senior housing for things that made more sense on a risk/reward basis, given how expensive senior housing was becoming. Wondering if you could just talk a little bit about how you think about medical office buildings in this context, given cap rates in that space also continue to compress and you only see about kind of 2%, 3% same-store NOI growth coming out of that portfolio for most of your peers.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, great question. I think that when we look at investments again, we are looking for an asset that's going to grow cash flows and/or experience increasing multiples or inversely decreasing cap rates. And if either of those things happen we're going to create value for our investors, if both of them happen, obviously that’s the greatest outcome and we've done a lot of those where both things have happened. I'd say coming out of 2009 into 2010 and 2011, we did have the environment where you could make a macro trade on MOBs and senior housing, and you could be pretty sure that you were going to make a lot of money for your investors, because you had higher cap rates and you had a good part of the cycle in terms of cash flow growth and that's exactly what we've done. I think as we got into 2014 and the current environment I think you do have to be a lot more selective in terms of what you're doing in those sectors and you have to focus your efforts. And I think do think we have a critical competitive advantage in the MOBs with Todd's business which has been serving hospitals and healthcare systems for 25 years or 30 years. And where we are showing very strong same-store growth this year at 3.8% I think and then with an expectation of I think 2.5% to 3.5% in 2015. So we have the ability to leverage our infrastructure, our skill, our experience to really do a good job in driving same-store growth. And that all said we will continue to be selective in the asset type because it has appreciated greatly, and as an owner, and an early investor, and an early adaptor, in the segment I think our shareholders have really benefited from that.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. The second thing I wanted us to discuss -- I'm going to take us back about 15 years actually. This has to do with -- on the HCP call a lot of questions around managed care, all this kind of disclosure around the U.S. Department investigation and things of that nature. Everyone trying to assess what's kind of going on within skilled nursing and if we go through another round of these things. We did go through it in 1999. Vencor was right in the middle of all this stuff when it was going on. And I'm just kind of curious again what are you seeing at this juncture just from a regulatory perspective on how regulars are looking at skilled nursing and if there's any kind of risk of increased regulatory risk in the space over the next 12 to 18 months.
Debra Cafaro: That is a long question. And you remind me that I'm coming up on my 16th anniversary as the CEO of Ventas and I have all the great years to prove it. But I would say that look; we are expert in investing in the government reimbursed sector. I would say we have good operators who have good compliance programs, good quality of care, and we're really pleased with our government reimbursed portfolio. Over time from time-to-time you do see regulatory scrutiny on the businesses. But in general I would say that we feel very good about our business and our operators in that regard.
Tayo Okusanya: But are you seeing anything from a regulatory perspective where they just seem to be a little bit more aggressive now, and if they are looking for anything in particular?
Debra Cafaro: I mean look, I would say that it's kind of ebbs and flows that you suggest and sometimes there are broad based enquiries or market enquiries and I don't see any material changes from the 15 years that we have experienced in healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. Can you give us an update on the 12 Canadian assets that were leased to Sunrise? It looks like performance drops during the quarter after it had a pretty good pickup during the third quarter.
Ray Lewis: Yes, Michael. So the 12 Canadian assets that Sunrise operates under our management contract with us. I think when you look at the quarter-over-quarter trends, occupancy was up strong, rates were pretty flat, but expenses increased and its driven by a couple of things. One is there is always higher expenses in the fourth quarter in the seniors housing operating portfolio generally as people spend out their budgets for the balance of the year on things like repairs and maintenance and supplies and all that kind of stuff. So that's sort of a normal trend. And then we also had sort of a one-time impact from a collective bargaining agreement in Canada that also added on half of that sort of hit the expenses. I think we're pleased to see occupancy continuing to increase and that's driving the revenues. We want to continue to see expense control and expense management out of that portfolio as we look to have these assets continue their recovery to their previous exceptional performance.
Michael Carroll: So would the run rate be ongoing into 2015? Would the, what, the $7 million EBITDAR that was in the third quarter, is that a better run rate than what will happen in the fourth quarter?
Ray Lewis: Yes, I mean I think it's going to ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. But I would say that the margins in the fourth quarter were lower as a result of the expense items that I described.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Ray Lewis: Thanks, Michael.
Bob Probst: I think it's fair to say, just building on that in 2015 we expect to see growth NOI growth in Canada that's attractive. So the occupancy year-over-year that we've seen those improvements over the last quarter or two will really help as we think year-over-year in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein representing Stifel. Please proceed.
Daniel Bernstein: Yes, these calls are getting longer and longer, so I can't --
Debra Cafaro: I think this is getting bigger and bigger.
Daniel Bernstein: But compared to 15 years ago you have a lot more coverage, right?
Debra Cafaro: I would say so and we welcome that.
Daniel Bernstein: I guess on Sunrise I just wanted go back to the rate. Has there been a philosophical change at Sunrise about rate growth versus occupancy? I think historically they have been -- they have always pushed rate very strongly, so was it just a mistake or has there been a philosophical change in how they want to operate those properties?
Ray Lewis: I mean I don't think it's a philosophical change. Again I'll just go back to I think, we would have liked to see them put more into the annual increases this year.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: And look it's a philosophical judgment; it's more of a judgment issue in terms of what the right way to optimize and maximize NOI is. And Sunrise has made a judgment in terms of rate for 2015. And again, I mean we are looking for continued growth from Sunrise. I think if, as Ray said, if there is an ability to continue moving rate a little bit through 2015 and if there is an emphasis on expense control, we think Sunrise can have a reasonably good year and we're working with them to deliver that.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. I was just trying to make sure it's philosophical versus just maybe a judgment.
Debra Cafaro: You call it a judgment.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. And on the development side you have a lot of seniors housing, but not a lot of MOB development, particularly given in light of a cap rate compression. Are you looking at more MOB development or is there a little bit like a shadow pipeline still there with Pacific Medical that you don't have to do a lot on balance sheet development on the MOB side?
Debra Cafaro: We are looking at a couple of potential MOB developments that would be actually quite interesting and exciting if they are to come through. And what we like about MOB development obviously is that you get a significant amount of pre-leasing. You often will get very high credit type tenants and I do think that with our lower bridge development business and the really tremendous expertise that we have with our partnership with PMB that we're very well positioned to do that. But again we're very selective in that regard and if we do, do anything they're going to be marquee projects.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay, okay. And then Brookdale is a 10% tenant. They have an activist looking at maybe trying to split them to a REIT and an opco. Could you refresh my memory on what rights you have under your leases to --? Can you prevent that kind of strategic split or sell the company? Just trying to refresh my memory on what rights you have as landlord.
Debra Cafaro: What I would say is that, we are really happy with our relationship with Brookdale. We're very supportive of Brookdale. They are a 10% tenant and we're happy about that. I would say that again over time you may see assets all across the healthcare spectrum moving into the most efficient hands that may be REITs in the case of any type of assets. But I would say that these types of PropCo/OpCos which we are quite expert in. They're much more complex than I think any of the activists or any of the analysts really can be able to evaluate. And so we're just going to be happy that we have Brookdale as a tenant, continue to have a good relationship with them, and support them in whatever undertaking say they decide to peruse.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. Again, long call; I will hop off. Thank you for all the color.
A - Debra Cafaro: It's a pleasure. We appreciate that. And with Dan's, question I think we're done for the day. And I want to really thank everyone for their attention to the company and for your interest and support of the company. We really appreciate it and we look forward to seeing everyone in Florida in March.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations Debra Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Raymond Lewis - President Richard Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Jack Meehan - Barclays Nick Yulico - UBS Michael Bilerman - Citi Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2014 Ventas earnings conference call. My name is Mark, and I'll be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today, regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn call over to Deborah A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Lori. And let me repeat to all of our shareholders and other participants a warm welcome for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2014 earnings call. It's great to be here with you to discuss our excellent third quarter results and share our continued growth and progress on numerous fronts, including closed and pending transactions. After Ray Lewis and Rick Schweinhart complete their remarks, we'll be happy to answer your questions. Our strong performance showcases Ventas' sustained ability to provide growth to our investors and to our customers. We delivered superior results on a repeatable basis, because of our dedicated team, our deep knowledge of healthcare and senior living, our diversified productive portfolio and our expansive base of leading care providers. These characteristics position Ventas for continued success and value creation. First, let me recap a few highlights. We achieved record normalized FFO for the quarter of $1.12 per share, 9% growth over the third quarter of last year, excluding non-cash items. We are also delighted to increase our full-year normalized FFO guidance, because of our excellent results to date and our expectations for the final quarter of 2014. Stepping back to look at our larger enterprise, Ventas annualized revenue for the quarter exceeded $3 billion and our adjusted annualized net operating income or NOI totaled nearly $1.9 billion. Our balance sheet and liquidity position remain outstanding. Pro forma for HCT, our annualized NOI is approximately $2 billion. In addition to driving outstanding results, the Ventas team turned in an incredibly productive quarter and achieved many significant goals. Among them, we closed the Holiday Retirement acquisition for CAD957 million and transition management of these 29 independent living communities to Atria. This is our second deal with Holiday and was favorably priced, given the high quality of the assets, which are over 90% occupied and located in attractive local market in seven Canadian provinces. These assets performed well in September, the first full month after closing. We also completed over $250 million in additional investments since July 1, at an average yield of just under 7%. The acquired assets are principally triple-net leased and managed senior living assets operated by existing customers. We filed our 2012 and 2013 reaudited financial result, including KPMG's independent audit opinion, which confirmed and reiterated the accuracy of our previously reported results. We completed the largest REIT fixed income deal in Canada, raising a total of CAD650 million at an effective rate of 3.5% at an average maturity of seven years. We filed our proxy for our pending $2.9 billion acquisition of HCT. We paid a dividend of $0.7250 per share, representing a 65% FFO payout ratio. Our strong divided payout ratio and record of 9% compound annual dividend growth for 10 years is an important component of our total return proposition for shareholders and a significant differentiating factor for Ventas. We were proud to appoint a new independent board member, Melody Barnes, who served our nation as the Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council. Our full board continues to represent our shareholders with integrity, commitment, experience and independence. And we were excited to hire our new CFO, Bob Probst, who will begin at Ventas next week. Bob has an exceptional record of success at every stage of his 25-year career. And we know he will bring energy, a new perspective and a commitment to excellence to Ventas. Year-to-date, we've closed about $1.5 billion in acquisitions at nearly a 7% yield. Importantly, over 85% of our year-to-date investments represent follow-on business with existing relationships, and the balance was our first investment in the U.K. with respected hospital operator, Spire. At Ventas, we pride ourselves on helping our customers grow. I'd like to take a few minutes to give you some powerful examples. One of our recent acquisitions is a $110 million investment in seven senior living properties operated by Milestone Retirement Communities under a triple-net lease. Milestone is a high-quality regional operator, who became a Ventas customer via one asset we acquired with the NHP merger. The latest traction is just one small example of how we work with our existing customers to help them grow. As we have gotten to know Milestone's management and observe the quality of care they provide and strong operating results they deliver, we have expanded our business relationship with the company in a series of transactions from one to 12 communities. In total, we've committed $200 million of incremental capital to help Milestone grow, and our recent investment should produce over an 8% unlevered return to Ventas. Milestone is thriving and now operates 22 senior housing communities. Similarly, since we acquired the real estate assets of Atria in 2011, its business has expanded by 50% from 118 to 183 communities, and Atria has extended its brand into the attractive Canadian market. We have invested an additional $1.8 billion of capital to help Atria, one of the highest quality providers of senior care in the country continue to grow. Avamere is a similar success story. This high-quality Pacific Northwest provider of post-acute care and senior living was a client we shared with NHP at the time of our merger. We owned 28 buildings with Avamere at that time. Since then, we've added 10 buildings and funded a significant redevelopment project to help Avamere grow and position itself as a provider of choice in its market, as it pursues thoughtful strategies for bundled payments and increasing its managed care mix. Another way we are committed to helping our customers succeed is by making additional investments in our portfolio. As Ray will discuss in greater detail, we have $188 million in development and redevelopment projects underway with existing tenant operators. Turning to our acquisition of HCT, we are very pleased that our acquisition remains on target for a late fourth quarter closing. With an equity component totaling $1.8 billion to $2 billion of the total $2.9 billion acquisition cost, we believe the transaction is balance sheet friendly, contains a reliable equity funding source and provides an attractive opportunity for HCT shareholders to become long-term Ventas shareholders. We believe that HCT acquisition will contribute positively to our portfolio of high-quality diversified assets and consistent growing cash flow, and provide new relationships for us to foster and expand. With the HCT acquisition, we will add 10 new senior living operators to our existing customer base, and over 20 new health systems to our MOB relationships, including Baylor and Memorial Hermann. Taking a page from our NHP playbook, we will work hard to earn the confidence of our new tenant operators and affiliated health systems, and intend to commit capital to help them expand and grow their businesses. We expect to fund the balance of the HCT deal on favorable terms. The debt capital market continue to be attractive, consistent with our view that interest rates may stay persistently low in the near-to-intermediate term. Following HCT closing, as we told you last quarter, we expect to sell a pool of non-strategic MOBs, as a partial funding source for the HCT deal. We will continue to identify candidates for disposition in 2015, as a way to recycle capital, take advantage of favorable market conditions and optimize our portfolio. Not only do we have great relationships, we have amassed a fantastic portfolio that is second to none. We are the largest owner of medical office buildings or MOBs in the nation, and our leading MOB platform contains 15 million owned and 5 million managed square feet. Our owned MOB portfolio in 96% on campus or affiliated with hospital system, and over 80% of our MOB NOI is associated with single-A or better rated health system and leading hospital company HCA. In addition, Ventas recently ranked as the largest owner of senior living in the 2014 ASHA 50 list, and this segment of our asset base is also extremely high-quality. 80% of our total senior living portfolio is operated by the top-10 national care providers. As a further indicator of portfolio quality, our 270 SHOP assets are 91% occupied and highly productive, generating annual NOI of $20,000 per unit after management fees. And our post-acute portfolio has a very desirable 65% quality mix, also evidencing its attractiveness and productivity. We aim to continue building a great portfolio through our investment activities. The current investment environment remains very active. John Cobb and his team continue to burn the midnight oil, assessing the merits of potential transactions. We are also actively evaluating with existing partners, a couple of large class A developments in the MOB and senior living sectors. These projects if they become a reality would be state-of-the-art healthcare and senior living facilities in attractive major markets. Our investment approach has consistently focused on allocating capital where we see good risk-adjusted returns, strategic and accretive growth opportunities and positive underlying fundamentals, with an emphasis on private pay assets. We seek to build long-term collaborative relationships with quality care providers, who serve an important niche in their respective markets. We acknowledge that there is significant competition in the market, but we also know that Ventas has the experienced team, cost of capital and intellectual firepower to win more than our fair share of deals. With our strong and expansive customer relationships, our top-quality portfolio and our consistent investment approach, I am confident that we will continue our long track record of excellent performance and produce reliable growing cash flow and dividends for our shareholders. As a final note, I continue to marvel at the healthcare and senior living space, which is highly dynamic. The consolidation and vertical integration, we have been predicting is accelerating. We'd like to congratulate our tenant Kindred on it's recently announced acquisition of Gentiva, the largest home healthcare and hospitals provider in the U.S. Upon the closing of this transaction, Kindred will solidify its position as a nation's premier, post-acute and rehabilitation services provider with over 100,000 employees and $7 billion in annual revenues. Kindred has executed a forward thinking strategy of providing comprehensive, coordinated patient care and targeted integrated markets, which will benefit patients, healthcare systems, ACOs and managed care organizations. We are delighted for Kindred success and look forward to continuing to work with the Kindred management team. And now that Kindred is our fourth largest tenant operator, we can even work on growing with them. I'm very happy as I am sure you are, as well, to turn the floor over to Ventas President, Ray Lewis.
Raymond Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. The third quarter represented another quarter of consistent and strong performance from our diversified portfolio of seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties, with same-store cash NOI for the portfolio growing by 3% year-over-year in local currency. Performance was good across the board. With our balanced portfolio of 1,468 SHOP, triple-net and MOB assets delivering reliable and growing cash flows, which I will now break down by segments. Let me start with our seniors housing operating portfolio, operated by Atria and Sunrise and now Brookdale. With the closing of our acquisition of 29 Canadian properties from Holiday, we now have 41 properties north at the border. In order to help you focus on property level performance, we are now providing enhanced disclosure in local currency and the SHOP statistics I will be providing in my prepared remarks will also be in local currency. Let me start with our total portfolio. This portfolio now stands at a total of 270 properties and accounts for approximately 30% of our portfolio NOI. The total portfolio produced $132 million of NOI after management fees in the third quarter of 2014, an increase of approximately 15% over the prior year. This increase is due to the impact of acquisitions and the steady performance of our same-store stable portfolio offset by decreases in our redevelopment portfolio due to units offline for refurbishment. NOI in the 217 properties in our same-store stable portfolio increased 4.4% year-over-year and occupancy grew by approximately 20 basis points to 92.1%. This is 180 basis points higher than the occupancy reported by NIC in its primary markets. RevPOR grew by 2.5% to over $5,600 per month, which is higher than the NIC primary market RevPOR by nearly 60%. The 12 properties in our Sunrise, Canada portfolio began to rebound in our third quarter. Occupancy increased almost 200 basis points sequentially to 91.7%, but was flat year-over-year. NOI after management fees was up 9% sequentially. And while improving year-over-year, it's still below our expectations at just under 3% growth. So we are cautiously optimistic that the changes Sunrise has implemented are positioning this portfolio to return to its historically strong performance levels. Occupancy in the 227 properties in the same-store stable portfolio increased 210 basis points sequentially, following historical seasonal patterns. Similarly, expenses increased sequentially in the third quarter consistent with historical trends, due to an extra day in the quarter and seasonal increases in holidays, and paid time off, utilities, and repairs and maintenance. We had seven properties undergoing redevelopment in the third quarter of 2014 versus three properties in 2013. For these seven properties, NOI was down by about $1.4 million year-over-year in the third quarter as we had approximately 130 more units offline this year versus last. We expect that the redevelopments currently underway will contribute strong growth as they come back online over the next year. Lastly on SHOP, construction as a percentage of inventory in the 31 primary markets, as reported by NIC, declined during the quarter to 3.5%. By contrast, in the 3-mile trade area around our buildings, construction was only 2.5% of inventory, due to the high barrier to entry infill locations that characterize our SHOP portfolio. Next, I'll cover our triple-net leased portfolio, which accounts for 53% of our NOI and is the engine of our cash flow growth. This diversified and productive portfolio of seniors housing, post-acute and hospital assets delivered another quarter of strong and stable performance. Same-store cash NOI for 836 properties that we owned in the third quarter of 2014 and 2013 was up a positive 2.6% year-over-year. Cash flow coverage in the 717 properties in our same-store triple-net leased portfolio for the second quarter of 2014, the latest available information was strong and stable at 1.6x. Moreover, less than one-half of 1% of our NOI comes from leases with cash flow coverage less than 1x. So the triple-net portfolio continues to perform well and deliver reliable and growing cash flows. The releasing of the Kindred portfolio is substantially complete. We have now transitioned all, but five facilities, and they are on track to be transitioned or sold by yearend. Building on the success, we have had with our redevelopment in our SHOP portfolio, we are also gearing up redevelopment in our triple-net lease portfolio. We currently have 25 triple-net projects approved, totaling $125 million of investment when fully funded. Most of which is with our largest tenant in Brookfield. Returns should average between 7% and 9%. We have a team dedicated to identify these opportunities and presenting them to our portfolio relationships. These investments make our customers more profitable and enable us to generate attractive yields, while upgrading our portfolio. And unlike SHOP redevelopment, we typically receive rent immediately upon funding. So we continue to work with our relationships and actively manage our triple-net portfolio to drive performance and growth. Finally, I'd like to briefly discuss Ventas' portfolio of 275 consolidated medical office properties standing over 15 million square feet and accounting for 15% of our annualized NOI. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the third quarter. For the total portfolio, NOI at 100% share was $73 million and occupancy was a very healthy 92%. Cash NOI in the 263 same-store consolidated medical office buildings continued to show strong performance, increasing 3.5% year-over-year, driven primarily by a 2.1% increase in rate and a 110-basis point increase in margin. Occupancy was strong at 92% and consistent with last year's third quarter. Sequentially, cash NOI grew just over 1.1% in the stabilized portfolio. Rental rate and occupancy were stable relative to the second quarter. And expense controls and recoveries drove the sequential cash NOI growth. Our retention continues to be good at 77% and we are seeing positive net leasing spreads of approximately 2%. So we continue to lease space, push rates, manage expenses and drive bottomline growth in our MOB portfolio. In summary, our balanced and diversified portfolio delivered strong performance across the board in the third quarter, and we continue to be on track to meet our same-store cash NOI growth range of between 3.5% and 4% in 2014. With that, I'll turn it over to Rick Schweinhart to discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The company invested $1.28 billion in the third quarter, repaid $632 million in debt and paid dividends of $214 million. Those amounts were funded by cash flows from operations of $324 million, debt issuances and assumptions of liabilities of $1.7 billion, and sales of real estate and other investments of $132 million. During the quarter, we borrowed $725 million in Canada on a one-year bank term-loan at CDOR plus 105 for our Canadian acquisition. Shortly there after, we refinanced the majority of the term loan with permanent financing, with the issuance of $580 million in senior notes in Canada with an average interest rate of 3.5%, and a weighted average maturity of seven years. The proceeds were used to reduce bank term loan. The $32 million of mortgage debt prepaid was at a weighted average interest rate of 7% and a GAAP rate of 3.7%. Normalized FFO was $1.12 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2014, an increase of 9%, excluding non-cash items and 8% as reported in each case compared to the third quarter of 2014 per share results. Normalized FFO increased 8% to $333 million compared to $307 million in the third quarter of 2013. Normalized FFO increased due to improvements in all three segments and the impact of accretive investments completed in 2014 and 2013. This strong performance was partially offset by the dilutive impact of asset sales and loan repayments we received in 2013 and 2014. We translate our revenue and net operating income from Canada to U.S. dollars reported in our financial statements. This quarter and year-to-date the U.S. dollar has strengthened against the Canadian dollar, which effectively reduces the U.S. dollar amount of that revenue in NOI in our financial statements compared to prior periods. However, because we also borrow in local currency, these currency changes have a lesser net impact on our FFO results, because our interest expense is also lowered when translated to U.S. dollars in our financial statements. Our fully diluted share count increased less than 1% in the third quarter of 2014 to 296.5 million shares compared to the same period in 2013. Our average cash interest rate improved 30 basis points to 3.6% at September 30, 2014, compared to September 30, 2013. And we have been able to maintain our weighted average debt maturity at approximately 6.5 years. At quarter end, our credit stats remained outstanding with a net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 5.8x; our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x, and secured debt to enterprise value of 8%. Currently, our revolver balance is approximately $135 million, and our debt-to-enterprise value is an outstanding 34%. We are increasing our 2014 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance range to between $4.44 and $4.47, an increase from our previously announced 2014 guidance range of $4.39 to $4.43 per diluted share. Our guidance, if achieved, represents 8% to 9% per share growth excluding non-cash items estimated at $0.12 per share. Our new guidance range excludes any impact from the HCT acquisition, which we expect to close later this year. Our guidance does not include the impact of additional unannounced capital transactions or acquisitions or dispositions. In summary, we had an excellent quarter and we are well-positioned to deliver positive results for the balance of the year. Operator, if you would, would you please open the call to questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: I was just wondering if you could give us a little flavor for the relationship transactions you noted at the beginning of the call. And what you think could be a sustainable annual or quarterly run rate that investors could sort of pencil in going forward?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that it's our view that this business that we do, that's follow on business with existing customers will certainly continue, but the timing and volume of acquisition activity will always be lumpy and difficult to predict. So we are trying to give you some great color on our year-to-date acquisitions, which again were 85% new business with our existing customers.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: And then just on the dispositions that you noted, still having some I guess waiting to be sold around the timing of the HCT transaction, how much do you expect to close for the balance of the year and kind of maybe what's left over that you could look at, at disposing in 2015?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that it could be very end of this year, early next year, and we're looking at 200 plus or minus. And in terms of '15, we are working on that and are likely to provide some additional guidance on volume and yield, when we have to about 2015 projections. So I do think we have some opportunities in the market that will be attractive for us to dispose of some additional assets in 2015.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: And then if I could get just a comment on what your views on cap rates are. Clearly 10-year treasuries and debt markets have been volatile, but maybe surprised some people and kind of headed down and there have been some big transactions. Sabra paid sub-6 cap rate for Holiday. What's your view on kind of where cap rates are, and maybe in particularly for senior housing assets? If you could comment, if you think the Sabra transaction sort of resets the market or that was more of a one-off in your discussions with potential sellers?
Debra Cafaro: Well, one thing I would like to say is that we feel really good about the -- almost $4.5 billion that we are closing and underwrote this year between HCT, our Holiday deal and our other transactions that we described. I think the one thing that we some times see earlier than the analysts and the investors is where pricing is going, because we do see such a large volume of transactions. So I would say that healthcare assets continue to be attractive, because of their demand characteristics and so on. And the cap rates continue to be kind of in and around the 6% to 7% range, but can go lower based on specific characteristics of a given transaction. I mean as you mentioned about treasuries, I mean, I did comment at your conference and I think we said again today that we tend to ascribe a little bit to the PIMCO view that we are going to see a little bit persistently lower rates, because of the global economic situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays: I just want to start with the SHOP portfolio. Obviously, really impressive occupancy momentum in the third quarter and obviously Canada helped with that. But I was wondering if you could just touch on maybe were there any different strategies that were deployed this quarter with your operators there? And where did you end the quarter in terms of like a point in time occupancy number?
Raymond Lewis: So Jack as you pointed out occupancy did improve sequentially. This is consistent with typical historical patterns. As we look back across the portfolio performance overtime, I think we've always seen in the third quarter that we get a bump. But we were also aided as you point out by Canada. I think the strategies that Sunrise has implemented as well as the new personnel that they put in place are starting to gain some traction and we're hopeful that that will continue. And then I think the last thing is that our operators are really pushing on the sales front. And we've seen the move-in trend to be pretty good relative to historical levels. And notably, the move-outs that have been higher in the first and the second quarter have abated. So I think all of that is feeding our occupancy growth rate sequentially.
Jack Meehan - Barclays: And then I guess just on the move-outs, is there any real difference you see in the demographics of the people that are coming through? Like is there a change in the age -- and I'm not sure if this is something that you track, maybe the age of the people that are moving in to begin with?
Raymond Lewis: Our operators haven't pointed that out to us a driver for the move-outs. I think they're really just saying that we had an unusually high number of move-outs in the first and the second quarter, but they haven't pointed to any particular demographic driver of that age or otherwise.
Jack Meehan - Barclays: And then maybe last one is for Debbie. In the press release at the beginning, you mentioned the increase in the number of insured individuals. I was wondering obviously with health reform this year, everybody has got their eye on where that could help the healthcare REITs. I was wondering if there was any point in the portfolio where you have seen that show up, maybe in the MOBs or have you seen any sort of benefit yet?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are excited to see that we are expecting another $4 million of additional exchange enrollment in 2015; $2.5 million of which we expect to these previously uninsured individuals, and we do expect to see increased utilization from those trends. Actually Todd and I were talking about this as we got ready for the call, and I think we are starting to get anecdotal and more quantitative evidence of whether traffic is up in the MOBs and so on. We do expect 20% increase in outpatient business over the coming years. We also think that as hospital admissions increase from these trends, we may see a positive overflow impact into the post-acute business. And interestingly, the LTACs are starting to see some good increase in terms of a Medicaid population that they hadn't had before. So we are seeing some impacts from policy being the low cost, most clinically appropriate settings, and we expect that these numbers from the CBO and from other sources will start to translate into meaningful quantitative utilization statistics in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from UBS.
Nick Yulico - UBS: A couple of questions; first, kind of the big picture one on your senior housing operating segment. I mean, you're now in that 4% to 5% same-store NOI growth range for that portfolio. Seems like its a little bit more mature today, maybe less occupancy upside than the past. And what I am wondering is do you think about maybe pruning some of the assets in this segment, selling some of the more mature ones, taking advantage of the very low cap rate market for senior housing and maybe investing into more assets that maybe have more future occupancy growth to perhaps improve the growth rate of that portfolio.
Raymond Lewis: I think as we look at our SHOP growth rate, same-store stable at 4.4%, kind of in line with our 3% to 5% expectations that we've consistently articulated for that portfolio, so that's good. But you're right, I mean we consistently look at our portfolio and evaluate properties based on their performance, their forward looking environment with respect to the markets, the physical characteristics of the asset and how they line up against their competitors. And I think we're always looking for opportunities to recycle, and we may in fact do some of that overtime. So I think that's a good observation. I would say, I still think there is good upside across the portfolio generally with respect to occupancy. We have tended to outrun the NIC occupancy a little bit earlier and our rates have been higher than NIC, but I think that's reflective of the quality of our portfolio and we expect that it can continue to perform well going forward.
Debra Cafaro: I mean that really ties. We're right on the same wavelength, it ties to the comment I made earlier. Remember, they are still is expected to be positive absorption in senior housing in 2015. I would say that -- we've talked about before, one way that we make money for investors, obviously is to try to invest in the right segments at the right time. And so trying to make early cycle investments like we did in Atria, like we did in Lillibridge, where we saw the opportunity for cap rate compression and/or NOI increases, and that's how you obviously grow value for investors. And so really coupling the idea of portfolio optimization where you maybe pruning selectively and then redeploying that capital into earlier stage investments is very much top of mind, as we think about the go forward.
Nick Yulico - UBS: Just a follow-up on that. When we look at, you reported the top 20 market performance for that portfolio, and then your overall in the top 20 markets are outperforming their 70% of that portfolio. What's going on in those non-top 20 markets, which seem like they're performing a little bit worse, and is that where you'd maybe look to, as asset sale candidates?
Raymond Lewis: Nick, that's a great observation. We noticed that as we were preparing for the call as well. We went back and looked at it. And I think there really wasn't any pattern that we could draw from it. I think there were some circumstances of isolated and episodic underperformance in some of the non-top 20 markets, but you're right. I mean, that is a pool, where if we see some patterns or trends there that emerge where we may look to dispose off some assets over time.
Nick Yulico - UBS: Just one last one on the guidance. There was this new $4 million to $5 million add-back to your normalized FFO for a change in fair value of financial instruments, which was new this quarter. Can you just explain what's going on there?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That's just a non-cash charge that relates to movements and swaps and things like that. It's not a cash item.
Nick Yulico - UBS: But that was not in your prior guidance, right? And I am just trying to wonder -- 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We do. We have always excluded those items, because we do have them on a fairly regular basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Debbie, a question just in terms of the MOB portfolio that you sort of want to list in, it sounded like the fourth quarter and potential continued asset sales. Can you talk a little bit about sizing of how much you would like to raise from those sales?
Debra Cafaro: I think with respect to the MOB portfolio, we are in that $200 million plus or minus range. And then in terms of 2015, again, we'll provide additional detail on that going forward.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: But I guess is there a certain, now as the portfolio continues to grow, would you seek to sell down further assets and how large could sale activity be as you continue to hone in on the portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Right. Well, that's what we're evaluating now for 2015. And I would guess, it could be 250-ish to 750-ish, but really we haven't settled in on a specific plan and we'll be happy to provide more detail on that as we do.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And then just a question in terms of global, you talk in the press release about building Ventas to be the leading global brand in healthcare. And I know you have spent a lot of time talking about global opportunities, global trends. Clearly you are in Canada; you have had some toehold or at least a pinky toehold in the U.K. Can you talk a little bit about, as Ventas as a brand, clearly you're not operating the assets, your name is not on the buildings. Can you talk a little bit about what you sort of envision in building Ventas to be a global brand? And how quickly you want to and how wide you would look globally? And what you sort of really mean by, maybe I'm reading too much into it being in the first sentence, but it just caught my eye.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are aspirational as you know and always set the bar high at Ventas in terms of our wanting to be excellent and continuing to provide our investors with good growth and good channels for continued growth. So part of that has been the evolution of our thought process around international investing, which as you know Simon has done, and many of the other REITs have pursued successfully. I would say that our brand, the Ventas brand is a business-to-business brand; and when we think about it as a leading global brand, we think about it in terms of what investors, capital sources to Ventas think about us, so our equity investors, our fixed income invertors, et cetera. And then what our customers and potential customers think about Ventas as a partner and capital provider. So that is the brand, not a consumer-type brand, but one that is recognized and respected by our business-to-business peers. And we also do that by obviously building the brands of our operating partners like Lillibridge and Atria. So on the focus question of international, we do have a fairly refined sense of the types of jurisdictions that we would consider investing in. They have to have the right demographics. They have to have the right -- if it's a reimbursement-type asset, they have to have the right policy supports for funding of those assets, including cultural support. And we obviously care about political risk and obviously the efficiency of the capital markets in those jurisdictions. So those are some of the things that we look at. And when you go through our criteria set, you end up with a handful or so of potential jurisdictions, where we would consider committing capital.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And I guess, is there anything, I don't know, if I want to say imminent, but is that spending more of your time x U.S. versus in U.S. today?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I still go back to the fact that we have a $1 trillion healthcare market here in the U.S. that is really fragmented and dynamic. And I believe that the majority, we might even say the lion's share of our investment activity will likely continue to be in the U.S., and we have lots of opportunities here. So unlike some of the other sectors that are very concentrated here, we don't need to go abroad. It's more of an evolution, a natural evolution of our continued growth and diversification and continued efforts, as I said, to provide long-term growth.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Just last question, because you did mention Simon in terms of their global. One of the things that they did in Europe is buy a 30% stake in another public company.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: I guess, as you think about going global, would you examine different ways of doing it rather than doing wholly-owned portfolio deals or whole company. Would you actually think about some sort of tie-up like that I mean or you're referencing it more?
Debra Cafaro: I would say that we are very creative and experienced in terms of deal structuring, and we would be open to good opportunities. The one thing I do think is very interesting about Ventas and the healthcare REIT model is, typically, when U.S. REITs go abroad to operate, people talk about, well, don't you need a local partner, right. That's a very common reframe when you go abroad. Well, healthcare REITs like Ventas are always working with a local partner. So it's a very natural way I think for us. For example, with Spire, they are our local partner and our local operator, and that's a very consistent structure to what we're used to in our business model. But yes, we would consider equity investments and other type investments in entities in a way that Simon did with Klépierre, should they feel like they're attractive investment opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Couple of questions from our end. The first one is around HCT, and you guys are definitely expressing a lot of confidence about the deal closing in December. Just curious, if there is any insight in regards to how HCT shareholders ultimately will vote, whether you're kind of getting any sense of that around the deal? And then, second of all, if they do vote yes and the deal gets done, because of the large amount of retail investors they have in the name that typically tends to sell after these type of transactions, if you have any concern about a lot of selling in Ventas shares from these shareholders kind of post the merger?
Debra Cafaro: We started to get a little visibility into their shareholder base, and I do believe that the shareholders will approve the transaction. I have every expectation of that. I would say that this is a little bit different from some of the other private REIT transactions, in terms of post closing sales dynamics, and what I mean by that is this was already a public company, and I think the patterns will tend to follow more along the normal kind of M&A arb type lines, then they will be more private REIT be getting liquidity type lines. And so we expect a pretty conventional public-to-public M&A pattern. And I think we should potentially get some lift from the closing of the transaction, because we should get reweighted in the indices upon issuance of the 1.8 billion to 2 billion shares to the HCT shareholder base.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: And then second of all, the recent Germany transaction that MPW announced. Just kind of curious whether that's something you looked at, at any point and if you kind of have any comments generally about that portfolio if it's something you are familiar with?
Debra Cafaro: Again, I think that you should assume that Ventas had seen the tremendous volume of deal activity, certainly domestically, and now I would say internationally. And I think we just feel really good about talking about the $4.5 billion of deals that we're doing.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Last one for me. Just going back to the SHOP portfolio again and looking at the U.S. and the slowdown in the same-store NOI to 4.5% this quarter versus 6.6% last quarter, and that's a sort of stabilized portfolio. I wanted to understand the comments you made earlier about the higher amount of redevelopment going on in the portfolio, if that impacted the stable same-store NOI or whether there is something else that's kind of going on that created that slowdown quarter-over-quarter in regards to the same-store NOI growth for the stabilized portfolio?
Raymond Lewis: No. The stable portfolio does not include the redevelopment assets. Really what's going on in the stable portfolio is normal patterns that we've seen, where the third quarter has typically grown less than other quarters in the year. And I think it was similar to last year. We just have, as I said, an extra day in the quarter, higher expenses, those sorts of things and I think we may have seen a little bit more of that on the expense side this year. So that is what I would attribute it to, Tayo.
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, I think that this is very much in line with our expectations. And when we talked in the second quarter, which was only, I don't know, two-and-a-half months ago, we talked about the seasonal patterns that that Ray is referring to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: So I'm sorry, I may have missed this, and I'm never afraid to ask a dumb question. But when did Brookdale get added to your RIDEA portfolio and how?
Debra Cafaro: It got added this quarter.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: In what fashion you bought or transitioned? I didn't see anything, I was looking.
Debra Cafaro: We acquired an asset that was through a relationship we got with NHP that is being managed by our friends at Brookdale.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: A single asset, is that right?
Debra Cafaro: Correct.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: On HCT, how do you feel about the MOB portfolio, given that it's 70% off-campus?
Debra Cafaro: I wish you had been here last quarter, because I waxed eloquent about that very subject. So we feel really good and think that that the MOB portfolio in HCT is one of the big attractions of the portfolio, because it's about 50% of the portfolio. And Todd is very excited to bring those into the fold. So a couple of characteristics that make us like them are: they're 97% occupied; have longer lease terms of over eight years; and half the buildings were newly constructed. So each of those metrics will improve those same metrics in our existing market leading MOB portfolio. They're 90% affiliated or on-campus with strong hospital sponsorship and credit quality is strong. And so the key point about them is that they are affiliated with leading regional health systems like Advocate, Baylor, Memorial Hermann, UC Davis, they are larger building sizes, averaging over 50,000 square feet. And they are comprehensive or specialty outpatient centers that essential hubs for the affiliated health systems care network. So we really like that they are really at leading edge of kind of successful population health management trends. So we also see an opportunity in the multi-tenant ones to bring management inside and leverage a lower bridge platform. So those are all aspects that we really like about it, and Todd is sort of chomping at the bit to get to the closing, so we can bring them into the fold. Aren't you glad you asked?
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: In Canada, RevPOR went from $7,200 in the second quarter to $7,900 in the third quarter. How did that happen in such fast pace?
Richard Schweinhart: I mean, again I think Rich that it's a new staff in there, new sales people, focus on nuts and bolts. I mean if you look at it they had improvement in all of the key metrics, right. So your occupancy went up, your rate went up, and your expenses went down. And that to me is just blocking and tackling and executing. And I am hopeful that they can continue to do that.
Debra Cafaro: And remember, again as we said last call, these were the top performing assets, it's an irreplaceable top quality portfolio, and so it should be able to do better.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: And then the last question is on the MOBs that you're selling, I think that was $200 million or so. What do they look like? Are they under occupied? How below the radar screen are they in terms of quality relative to the rest of your MOB portfolio? And do you still think you can get a 6-ish type of cap rate on it?
Richard Schweinhart: I mean, I think that portfolio is a combination of stabilized properties that have consistent cash flow, and then properties that are in lease-up that have upside in them and between those two, I think that will be very attractive to buyers, who want to be able to generate additional value going forward out of the portfolio. So I think the 6 cap is pretty reasonable, if you take into consideration the upside that might be embedded in those assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Debbie, just wanted to ask you about your new investment activity was fairly modest. And I'm just curious if that's maybe because asset values have risen so much in the private market that it is so much more competitive or maybe a view of your cost of capital maybe trading probably pretty close to NAV these days. Just curious how you are thinking about new investment activity?
Debra Cafaro: Well, my dad was a mailman and $4.5 billion was far from modest in a year for him. So I'm feeling like we're doing a lot. So I would say in the quarter, we closed $1.1 billion and we also invested a total of $1.3 billion, including development and redevelopment. So we're feeling good about that. I think the allocation to capital to a redevelopment and development business is a good risk adjusted return that we see continued capital allocation too. And as I said, we are good investors, we're consistent investors. We've created a lot of value over a long period of time. And we think when we pick our spots, we can continue to invest accretively and strategically, and we'll continue to be smart investors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then on your comment to Michael Bilerman about the range of potential asset sales next year, I think you mentioned the top-end could be as high as 750. Just curious, if you got to that high and I appreciate you're going to talk more about this on the next call, but would that sort of be a change in sort of your philosophy on recycling capital, if you got to that high?
Debra Cafaro: I want to strongly caution all of you from running with any of those numbers. What we will be happy to do is when we come to you about 2015, we'll be happy to give you some visibility into expected asset sales. I do think and we've been talking about it for some time now and we're starting to implement with the MOB sale that we talked about, a strategy to recycle capital, optimize the portfolio. And those are all positive sort of typical real estate activities. And I think we can probably provide more color on that, which we'll be happy to do in the yearend call.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then if I can just ask a disclosure question. I think on the last call someone had asked about foreign exchange and you mentioned that you typically reflect foreign exchange impact at exchange rates. And then this time, I think you're sort of front and center NOI growth presentation on sort of the first page of the supplement, second page was in local exchange rates. And we appreciate the enhanced disclosure in the middle of the supplemental package. But just curious on the philosophy, will we see the local currency be now more of the focus, whereas in the past it was U.S. dollars?
Debra Cafaro: Again, we're trying to provide great visibility into property level performance. And if you look at the supplemental page, its 13 and 14, you'll see that we've presented them in both. I don't know if it's 13 and 14 or 12 and 13. But we've presented them in both, and we're talking about them in local, because it gives you that visibility into performance. And we really talked about in our guidance saying that we're assuming sort of a constant exchange rate. And so reporting in local currency is just a different way of saying the same thing.
Raymond Lewis: And then, Michael remember that the way that we hedge currency is through borrowing, and that shows up below the NOI line. So I think the best way to look at the property level performance, particularly now that we have 29 more properties in Canada, is to look at local currency. It's starting to become a bigger driver, and I think you'll get a much better picture of the true underlying performance in local currency.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then last one for me, just housekeeping. Debbie, I think on this call and also the last one I think you mentioned 65% Q mix for what I think you termed your post-acute. And then on Page 2 of the supplement for the skilled nursing portfolio, it shows a 51% Q mix. So I'm assuming the delta there is just you're somehow bifurcating your skilled-nursing portfolio. Is there anything else on this?
Debra Cafaro: No. Actually, it's much better than that, because the long-term acute care hospitals and IRFs are part of the post-acute continuum. And so we have a tremendously high quality portfolio there. And so we're basically taking the whole post-acute continuum and quoting a very high attractive quality mix. So it's actually a great statistic for about 26% of our NOI. So that's a good question, thank you for asking. But we're going to have to hustle here, because there are a couple more people we want to make sure we get to, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Stifel.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: I just want to ask a quick question on the ETT SHOP portfolio. Obviously, can't talk about probably the third quarter results, but how is that ETT SHOP portfolio performance-wise compared to what the existing Atria or Sunrise assets have done? And maybe compare the growth rate of the two over time and where you expect that to be?
Debra Cafaro: I think we talked about some statistics of the senior living portfolio. I mean in particular the managed portfolio, last time, there are 29 managed senior living assets and eight operators, who will be new care providers and customers for us. And they have about 94% occupancy and NOI per unit per year of about 17,000. So they are very high quality, and compare favorably with NIC and other kind of wholly private-pay portfolios that don't have skilled-nursing beds or super high acuity all timers in them.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: So essentially that probably I should expect a similar growth rate to what your existing SHOP portfolio can do?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think that that's what we were underwriting and suggesting to the Street.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: And then when I think about your development portfolio, you talked a little bit more about the potential for some ground-up development, Class A ground-up development. How do you see -- right now your development is mainly tilted toward RENAV? Do you see your development portfolio tilting a little bit more towards ground-up development over the next, say, 12 or 24 months and how big could that get as a percentage, maybe not as a percentage, but on a dollar amount on the development side?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we really like the redevelopment, because we think its great risk-adjusted return, there're small slugs of capital with existing customers, it improves our portfolio, helps our assets win in the marketplace and our tenant operators win. But focusing on kind of ground-up development, I think we are super selective. And we have done ground-up development in Cape Cod with Atria and that's gone really well. We'll do pre-leased MOBs, and we have the in-house capability and partnership capability of doing that really better than any one. And I think if we find kind of, as I said, really compelling projects that have ground-up development and meet the characteristics that we believe are appropriate, then I think we will pull the trigger. But there is a very high bar for us for ground-up development.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: And then in terms of these seniors housing industry itself, we have seen a lot of interest in development, in construction, but not a lot of that's translated into new starts. How long do you think the seniors housing fundamentals can remain strong as to where they are now? I mean, how would you characterize where we are in the cycle? Are we near peak in industry fundamentals? Do we still have a couple of more years to go? How are you thinking about the seniors housing industry broadly?
Raymond Lewis: I think our view is that we're still in a very good spot in the seniors housing cycle. I think you're right to point out that we haven't seen a tremendous amount of construction relative to the inventory in place. The demand fundamentals remain very good. And so I think we still got a couple of years here of good visibility into positive net absorption in the space.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: And one more last quick question. I'm not specifically commenting on the Germany transaction that MPW did, but you and others have not done a lot of investments or any investments really on the European continent, really sticking to the U.K. so how do you think about the opportunities on the continent itself versus the U.K.?
Debra Cafaro: Well, some of the countries within the euro zone do meet the criteria that I outlined; really great capital markets, efficient, you can borrow very efficiently, and they do have the policy support for healthcare and favorable demographic, so some of those countries would fit within the criteria and framework that I outlined.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: If the right opportunity popped up, okay.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel: I'll hop off. I know we're getting late in the call.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Dan. We want to make sure everyone has a chance to ask their questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: I just have a simple question, I apologize for being a little dense here, but understanding that the same-store NOI trends here in the quarter were consistent with your expectations and given some seasonal impacts in the SHOP portfolio. I am just curious why would seasonal impacts impact your year-over-year trends. Seems like they would be similar in both periods?
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I think as I mentioned when I answered the question, we did have a little bit more of the expenses in this year than we've seen in previous years, and so I think that's sort of a difference there.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: So that should moderate in the fourth quarter?
Raymond Lewis: We hope so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I just had one question, just a follow-up to Tayo's question earlier on the deceleration in the U.S. SHOP portfolio. Based on the performance that you've seen here in the fourth quarter so far, do you expect that deceleration to continue here into the fourth quarter and do you care to comment on the possibility for re-acceleration into 2015?
Debra Cafaro: I would say, last year that the third quarter was the lowest year-over-year growth, and we would expect the fourth quarter to be kind of flattish, and potentially a little bit up. Those are the patterns that we have historically followed.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Based on the industry dynamics that Ray just talked about, do you think there is a possibility that growth could reaccelerate as you look a little further into the future?
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, as we finish our redevelopments and lease those up; we continue to work in Canada, continue to focus there to get that turned and back to where it should be. And as we work with our operators to push rates where we can and manage our expenses, give rope and drive occupancy where we need to, I think that we can see some reacceleration in the growth rates.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Remember, the Holy Grail too from a big picture standpoint is to increase kind of the capture rate, if you think one in seven seniors or so uses a senior living community, if the industry can increase that even slightly, that obviously generates a whole new level of demand. And I would say that, that really is the challenge and opportunity for our industry, is to continue attracting more seniors to senior living and making the statistical case that it's better for health and wellness, longevity and frankly long-term costs for the overall system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: Its looks like the Sunrise portfolio in Canada, they were able to quickly stabilize those assets. Did they implement anything special to stabilize that so quickly?
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I don't think, Michael, that those are stabilized yet. I still think there is a way for those to go, to get back to their strong historical levels of performance. But I will say we're pleased with the progress that was made during the quarter. The basic things, as I said, were getting the right staff in place at the buildings and executing and blocking and tackling. And I think if they can continue to do that, they should be able to build on that momentum and get them back to where they have been, which is 94%-plus occupancy and strong year-over-year rate growth with best-in-portfolio margins. And there is still room to run there.
Debra Cafaro: As my mother said, sometimes when you just pay attention, you do better. So I think that it's a good story, and hopefully, more to follow. Anything else, Michael?
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: No. That's good.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you so much this morning for all your patience and your interest in the company. We really look forward to seeing you in Atlanta, and give you chance to meet our new CFO, Bob Probst, and we are very excited that the conference will come right as he begins. And since this is Rick Schweinhart's last Ventas earnings call, I want to thank him again for his tremendous leadership and partnership over the last 12 years. So with that, we'll say goodbye, and look forward to seeing everyone in Atlanta. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman -  Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer, Acting Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tahitia, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lori Wittman: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas' Conference Call to review the company's announcement yesterday regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn call over to Deborah Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori. Good morning. I'd like to echo Lori's welcome to all of our shareholders and other participants and thank you, for joining our call this morning. I'm pleased to share our record results for the quarter, introduce our increased guidance for the year and discuss our pending transactions. Following my remarks, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and Rick Schweinheart will review our initial results in detail. As always, we'll then be pleased to answer your questions. Our second quarter financial results showcased the strength of our platform and our ability to continue to grow earnings, cash flow and our dividend, delivering superior results for our shareholders. First, let me address some of the highlights of the quarter. Normalized FFO grew 11% to $1.12 per share compared to the second quarter of last year. Our growth resulted from increases in same-store NOI, accretion from acquisitions and receipt of fees and other income. Excluding noncash items, normalized FFO also grew by 11%. We continued our long-standing focus on delivering reliable growing cash flow. Cash flow from operations grew 12% this quarter compared to the same period last year to $311 million and is up over 17% year-to-date. This extraordinary growth is due to our strong performance in raising capital effectively, investing capital wisely and managing our assets productively. Specifically, our same-store cash flow growth was 4.5% this quarter, and our weighted average cost of debt improved to 3.7%. In short, Ventas' financial performance continues to be consistent and outstanding. Turning to our investments. I'd like to highlight the benefits of our 2 pending acquisitions, totaling $3.8 billion. One is our acquisition of Holiday Retirements 29 independent living communities; and the second is our pending stock and cash acquisition of American Realty Capital Health Care Trust or HCT. These transactions solidified Ventas' position as the global leader in senior living and medical office buildings. I'd like to take some time to review our rationale for these transactions and discuss some of the positive characteristics of the assets and the capital structure for the deal. With these transactions, we are acquiring high-quality assets that are consistent with our strategy. The NOI from these assets is 87% private pay. Together, the transaction should provide at least $0.10 accretion to normalized funds from operations and funds available for distribution in 2015, assuming that we issue $1.8 billion of equity at the $67.13 per share valuation currently contemplated under the HCT merger agreement. As a result, these transactions will help us continue to grow cash flows and our dividend. The expected unlevered going-in cap rate on these transactions exceeds 6%, which is consistent with market pricing for high-quality private pay health care and senior living assets. In total, Holiday and HCT represent $3.8 billion of investments that will be funded with nearly 50% equity and the balance in cash or debt assumption. We have a BBB+ credit rating from all 3 rating agencies, and we believe our funding of these deals shows our commitment to retaining an excellent credit profile and rating. Continuing our balanced and diversified approach to capital allocation, the combined acquisitions generate 40% of their NOI from triple-net leased properties, 46% from senior housing operating communities and 14% from multi-tenant medical office buildings or MOBs. In terms of stability of cash flows, the triple-net leased portfolio has an average remaining lease term of 12 years and extremely limited near-term rollover. Importantly, we are also continuing to build an international business at Ventas, with 5% of our pro forma NOI derived from assets outside the U.S. Breaking the HCT and Holiday portfolios down to more granular pieces, here are some other important data points. The HCT portfolio, which is valued at $2.9 billion including its pipeline, is composed of high-quality newer assets that derive the vast majority of their NOI from private pay sources. The 4 million square feet of MOBs we're acquiring from HCT, fit our overall MOB strategy and my partner Todd Lillibridge is eager to bring those assets into his MOB fold. Here's why: they are 97% occupied, have average remaining lease terms of 8.3 years and half the buildings were newly constructed in the last 10 years. Each of these metrics improves the overall quality of our existing market-leading MOB portfolio. The MOBs are also consistent with our strategy because they are 90% affiliated or on campus with strong hospital sponsorship. Credit quality is also strong with, over, 70% of the NOI associated with investment-grade credits. In particular, the MOBs are affiliated with leading regional health systems, some of whom are already our clients and others, we are excited to do business with. They include Advocate, Taylor, Memorial Hermann and UC Davis. The HCT MOBs average over 50,000 square feet per building and are principally comprehensive or specialty outpatient centers that serve as a central hub for the affiliated health system's care network. They are strategically located to provide the convenience and access necessary for successful population health management. Currently, most of HCT's multitenant MOBs are managed by third parties and we see some potential upside to future property management insourcing because of our Lillibridge capabilities and scale. The HCT portfolio of 29 managed senior living assets are operated by 8 respected regional care providers. This portfolio is also high quality, with occupancy approximating 94% and NOI per unit per year of $16,700. It generates REVPOR per month of $4,300. These shop statistics compare favorably with NIC data and other wholly private pay portfolios without skilled nursing beds. We also like the local market demographics of the HCT senior living assets. They are in markets with above average concentrations of seniors and high expected growth in that cohort. We expect the NOI in these assets to grow at 4% to 5%. Turning to the Holiday assets. These apartment-like 29 independent living communities are also located in markets with exceedingly high percentages of seniors and they have robust median household income. Current occupancy in the portfolio exceeds 90%, and the properties have margins of about 50% and REVPOR of CAD 3,200 per month. The NOI growth rate is also expected to approximate 4% to 5%. We are excited to grow with Atria north of the border and they will take over the management of these Holiday communities at closing. In terms of funding and timing, we expect to complete the Holiday acquisition shortly, funded with proceeds of a Canadian dollar denominated bank facility we closed on July 31, and the assumption of mortgage debt. As soon as practicable, we expect to issue Canadian bonds to provide a long-term capital structure for the acquisition. We continue to expect to close the HCT acquisition in accordance with its terms probably late in the fourth quarter. As previously stated, the HCT transaction will be principally funded with $1.8 billion to $2 billion in Ventas equity, valued at $67.13 a share plus cash and assumed debt. This balanced deal structure is classic Ventas. It protects Ventas' shareholders and the accretion, eliminates equity market risks, fees and discounts; is balance sheet friendly; and allows HCT shareholders to participate in Ventas' future success. In sum, we are excited about our pending investments as we continue to build a high-quality reliable, diversified portfolio of productive health care and senior housing assets. Looking ahead, we are pleased to increase our full year 2014 normalized FFO guidance to $4.39 to $4.43 per share, as a result of our expected closing on Holiday and our results year-to-date. This guidance, if achieved, would deliver 7% to 8% per share normalized FFO growth over 2013, excluding noncash items. It would also represent the ninth year out of the last 11, when Ventas delivered over 7% per share growth. During that period, we have also grown our dividend at a compound annual rate exceeding 9%, and yet our payout ratio remains an exceptional 67% of normalized FFO per share excluding noncash items. We are confident we can extend our long track record of excellent, consistent performance to produce reliable growing cash flows, dividends, earnings and total return for our shareholders. With that, I'm delighted to turn the floor over to Ventas President, Ray Lewis.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Same-store cash NOI in our diversified portfolio of seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties grew by 4.5% in the second quarter and delivered strong growth across the board. Let me start with our seniors housing operating portfolio, operated by Atria and Sunrise. This high-quality private pay portfolio now stands at 239 total properties and produced $125 million of NOI in the quarter, an increase of 13.5% versus the prior year. Results were driven by strong performance in the 198 properties in our same-store stable U.S. portfolio, which was up 6.6% year-over-year and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by declining performance in our 12 Sunrise Canadian communities. Occupancy in the total portfolio averaged 90.3% in the quarter compared to senior housing occupancy in the 31 primary markets, as reported by NIC, of 89.9% and our REVPOR was 60% higher. NOI for the 218 properties in our total same-store portfolio increased 4.8% year-over-year in local currency, driven by a 2.7% increase in REVPOR. As a point of comparison, NIC annual rent growth for all seniors housing in the 31 primary markets was 1.8% year-over-year. NOI growth in our 210 same-store stabilized properties was a solid 5.2% year-over-year in local currency. Rates were up 2.6% and margins improved 90 basis points. During the quarter, we transitioned the management of 2 U.S. senior housing communities to Atria from Sunrise, pursuant to the terms of our Sunrise agreements. As we have told you in the past, we have been increasing the pace of our redevelopment activity over the past few quarters. We had 9 properties under redevelopment in the second quarter of 2014 versus 2 properties in 2013. More importantly, we had approximately 140 more units off-line during the second quarter versus the same period of last year. We now have $116 million of projects under construction at 8% to 12% unlevered yields. These investments represent an excellent risk-adjusted return, and we expect them to enhance our growth rate as they come online. Construction as a percentage of inventory reported by NIC declined for the third straight quarter and stood at 3.2% across all seniors housing types in the 31 primary markets. Our shop portfolio continues to be better than NIC trends, with construction as a percentage of inventory at 2.6% in the 3-mile trade area around our buildings. NIC continues to project that absorption would be positive through the next 4 quarters. With our expected acquisition of 29 seniors housing properties from Holiday, we are pleased to provide updated shop NOI guidance of $512 million to $520 million. Next, I'll cover our triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across 906 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets and accounts for 54% of our NOI. Same-store cash NOI for the 841 properties that we owned in the second quarter of 2014 and 2013, was up 4.9% year-over-year. Growth was driven by contractual escalations and active portfolio management, including renewals, negotiated rent increases and fees. Cash flow coverage in the 735 properties in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2014, the latest available information, was strong and stable at 1.6x. Looking forward, we recently received good news from CMS that SNF and LTAC Medicare reimbursements are set to increase 2% and 1.1%, respectively, in the next fiscal year. We are also ramping up redevelopment in our triple-net lease portfolio. We now have about $50 million of triple-net redevelopment projects under construction at an average yield over 8%, and have another $40, that we have approved. Another important feature of these attractive investments is that our lease payments increased as we fund construction, so we can drive growth and improve portfolio quality at the same time. Before I move on to MOBs, I'll provide a brief update on the re-leasing of the 108 properties leased to Kindred that expire on September 30 of this year. We have now leased, transitioned or sold 103 buildings and the remaining 5 facilities are on track to be transitioned or sold by year end. Upon completion, we expect that we will have fully replaced the expiring rent for 2015 and further diversified our income stream with good regional operators. I'd like to congratulate our asset management and legal teams for another outstanding releasing outcome. With the releasing of the Kindred portfolio, our weighted average lease maturity is now 8.6 years and rent from triple-net leases expiring before 2018 is less than 3% of our current annualized NOI. So the triple-net portfolio continues to deliver reliable and growing cash flows. Finally, I'd like to briefly discuss Ventas' portfolio of 275 consolidated medical office properties, spanning over 15 million square feet and accounting for 15% of our annualized NOI. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the second quarter. For the total portfolio, NOI was $72.3 million and occupancy was a very healthy 91.7%. Most importantly, cash NOI in the 263 same-store consolidated medical office buildings increased 3.8% year-over-year, driven primarily by a 3.2% increase in rate and a 100-basis point increase in margin. Sequentially, total same-store occupancy increased by 10 basis points over the first quarter to 91.7%. Same-store stable occupancy was a strong 93%, consistent with the first quarter. Leasing activity remained strong and our retention rate in the second quarter was 80%. So we continue to lease space, push rates, manage expenses and drive bottom line growth in our MOB portfolio. Since we acquired Lillibridge in 2010, we have more than tripled our MOB portfolio and scaled our market-leading Lillibridge operating platform. As part of our ongoing portfolio management and capital recycling activities, we are currently bringing a portfolio of nonstrategic MOBs to market. We expect to generate around $200 million in proceeds from the sale. So during the second quarter, our balance and diversified portfolio delivered strong performance across-the-board, and we are tracking towards the high end of our original same-store cash NOI growth range of between 3% and 4% in 2014. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. Cash flows from operations during the second quarter of 2014 were $311 million, up 12% from the second quarter of 2013. During the quarter, we raised $700 million through the issuance of senior notes with a weighted average interest rate of 2.75% and a weighted average maturity of 7 years. The proceeds funded almost $200 million, representing the cash portion of investments in the quarter, CapEx, development and redevelopment and $188 million of mortgage prepayments, with the balance used to reduce the revolver. The mortgage debt prepaid was at a weighted average cash interest rate of 5.9% and a GAAP rate of 4.1%. Normalized FFO was $1.12 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2014, an increase of 11% compared to the second quarter of 2013 per share results of $1.01. Normalized FFO increased 11% to $332 million compared to $298 million for the second quarter of 2013. Normalized FFO increased due to improvement in all 3 segments, the impact of accretive investments completed in 2014 and 2013 and fees and other income totaling less than $0.02 per share. This strong performance was partially offset by the dilutive impact of asset sales and loan repayments we received in 2013 and 2014 and an increase in G&A. Our fully diluted share count increased less than 1% in the second quarter of 2014 to $296.5 million compared to the same period in 2013. Our average cash interest rate improved 40 basis points to 3.7% at June 30, 2014, compared to June 30, 2013. And we have been able to maintain our weighted average debt maturity at nearly 7 years. At quarter end, our credit statistics remained outstanding with a net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 5.5x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and secured debt to enterprise value of 8%. At quarter end, our revolver balance was $179 million, and our debt-to-enterprise value was an outstanding 34%. The company timely filed its second quarter 2014 10-Q yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The 10-Q and our second quarter and year-to-date 2014 results, as well as the comparable 2013 periods, have been reviewed by our new independent auditors, KPMG. KPMG continues to reaudit the company's 2012 and 2013 financial statements. We expect KPMG's work to be successfully completed by September 30. We are increasing our 2014 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance range to between $4.39 and $4.43, an increase from our previously announced 2014 guidance range of $4.31 to $4.37 per diluted share. Our guidance, if achieved, represents 7% to 8% per share growth excluding noncash items estimated at $0.12 per share. Our new guidance range includes the net accretive impact of our Holiday investment that we expect to complete shortly, but excludes any impact from the HCT acquisition. Our guidance does not include the impact of additional unannounced capital transactions or acquisitions or dispositions. In summary, we had an excellent quarter and we are well positioned to deliver positive results for the balance of the year. Debbie?
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. I did want to take a minute before we open the floor to questions just to comment on our outstanding roster of very successful tenants and operators. And in particular, I wanted to congratulate Andy Smith and his team at Brookfield on their recent completion of the Emeritus merger. We wish Brookfield, who is now our largest tenant, every continued success. And we'd also like to congratulate our new U.K. hospital tenant, Spire on its highly successful IPO. Spire now has over $1 billion equity market capitalization and its business is thriving with a balance payor mix and strong cash flow. Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: For the U.S. RIDEA portfolio, when do you expect the impacts that have kind of held back the same-store growth to wear off? And should we be expecting any sort of reacceleration into 2015?
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. As I mentioned in the script, we've got about 140 more units off-line at this time this year than we had last year. Those units will be coming back online over the next several quarters and should help our growth rate, but we will also be continuing to execute on our redevelopment program. So the thing to watch for is the change in redevelopment, over time, as we ramp up or scale back the redevelopment pursuant to opportunities that we're seeing in the market.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And what's the underlying issues behind the weakness in the same-store assets in Canada? And are we close to those assets troughing? And how should we think about growth going forward there?
Raymond J. Lewis: So we've got 12 properties in Canada that are operated by Sunrise and account for about 5% of our seniors housing operating NOI. The decline in performance is driven entirely by the Sunrise management at the communities. These properties used to be top performers in our portfolio and we think that they can be top performers again, but there's been significant turnover at Sunrise in Canada in both the regional and property level staff and that's just impacted the performance of these properties across-the-board. There's new staff in place and we'll be looking for that improvement -- those properties to improve going forward and so that's what our expectations are.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And I noticed you include the incremental dispositions for the back half of the year. Could you give us any color on what assets you're looking to dispose of and the yield expectations there? And anything on timing?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. We're looking at a portfolio of nonstrategic MOBs and because the market is so strong, we thought it would be a good time to put together a portfolio of those and bring it to market. And we would expect a fairly sporty pricing on those in the kind of 6-ish plus or minus range.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And just the last one for me. On the dividend, Debbie, you noted the 67% payout. Do you think that the company or the board would look to maybe readdress the payout ratio in the second half of the year, or is that likely something to be reassessed in 2015?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, the board obviously makes a dividend decision every quarter. Ventas' history has really been a fantastic one in this regard, which is to have above average dividend growth, a very favorable payout ratio that makes the dividend both secure and have room for future improvement. And we'd love to be able to continue that pattern because we think it's a very important part of the overall total return proposition we offer to shareholders.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ray, maybe we can just go back to Canada for a moment just because, I guess, that the confidence obviously you're attributing it predominantly to Sunrise. Do you not think that there's anything going on, Canada overall, in terms of being able to have confidence to do the large acquisition of Holiday? What sort of diligence sort of did you go through because when you look at the Sunrise stats for the 12 assets that you have, I mean, this has not been like a 1 quarter thing. You go back to the fourth quarter of '12, occupancy was over 93% and each quarter it's gone down. I'm just trying to think about the remedies that you have or at what point you can start pushing your manager or be a little bit more asset-management intensive versus it just being a Canadian problem?
Debra A. Cafaro: Michael, this is Debbie. Just -- I'll take at least one part of that question and I think the most important part. In looking at the Holiday assets that we're acquiring, we've done extensive diligence and these assets have had a good history of NOI growth and are performing very well during the same time period that we've seen the deterioration in the 12 Sunrise assets. We do think that the Sunrise performance is company/manager specific, and we do think that those assets are good assets in good markets that can return to optimal performance in the future. And that's what we are focused on.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I mean the currency has obviously played a part and...
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's true. That is true. And so that's the other thing, we are -- about 1/3 of that performance differential is based on FX changes because we do report in U.S. dollars at whatever the then current exchange rate is and that does result in some fluctuations on the NOI line. That impact is somewhat mitigated by Canadian dollar borrowings that we have, but that's below the NOI line. But we're very consistent about reflecting FX impacts as the exchange rate changes and that's an important transparency that we bring to our reporting.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But I guess more broadly in terms of just working with operators, at what point where -- arguably they're operating the assets. At what point in this process in Canada were you getting frustrated, again, because it's been about 1.5 years already of consistent occupancy declines and flattish REVPOR, so I'm just curious how should we think about your asset management, not only for Canada but just in general, in terms of when you see weakness how do you react and what you do?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean I think, first of all, we have very good relationships with our operators, and we work with them to try to collaboratively solve problems as they arise in our portfolio from time to time. We also have excellent management contracts that have protective rights, as you know, and when these rights are triggered we evaluate whether we think another operator could do a better job with the assets and what the risk of transitioning those assets is. And so I think in the case of Canada, we look at it and say, they've got new leadership in place. It will likely take some while to understand whether or not that leadership is going to be effective in turning around the assets, and we'll be watching it very closely over the next several quarters.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question just general about international. Debbie, you talked about in your opening remarks a growing international business, you called it 5%, I believe, pro forma post-Holiday and the acquisitions. I guess how do you think about where you want to take that percentage? What do you think the right sort of breakdown is if you thought about building a diversity across product type? Is there a certain diversity that you want globally in terms of ex-U.S.?
Debra A. Cafaro: We don't have a target international percentage that we're looking toward at the moment. I think we're trying to get comfortable in making investments in markets where we believe there are outstanding policy, demographic or other reasons, where we think we can get an appropriate risk-adjusted return and I think we found that in certain cases, certainly with the Spire acquisition in the UK as our beachhead investment and then again, with the Holiday investment that we're doing now. Over time, I would expect -- assuming that we are successful as we make these incremental investments, I would assume that we would grow in the U.K. and Canada in specific asset types, and I do think it is an important extension of our growth and diversification strategy that we've executed very successfully over the last 10 to 15 years.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Here with Jack as well. Quick question, just on the RIDEA portfolio, overall, I think previously you guys have talked about a 4% to 6% same-store growth. I didn't see that in the release, so just curious if you guys were confirming that? And then, I guess with the inclusion of Holiday expected as you mentioned shortly, what would be the contribution from Holiday within that portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: So the same-store growth assumption that's embedded in our updated guidance is about 4% to 5%. And then I think we've said that we would expect -- or that Holiday would close before September 1, and so there's probably 4 months of Holiday contribution in that guidance number.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And what's Holiday on sort of a same store? What's their NOI growth looking like?
Debra A. Cafaro: We've talked about our expectations being in the 4% to 5% range.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So also in the 4% to 5% range.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Jack here too. I just want to touch on construction one more time and if there's anything specific in any of your markets you could point out? And maybe just a little bit more specifically, if we look at the markets 6 through 10, it looks like there's a little bit more exposure there, and -- I'm just really trying to parse out when it shows up? And then if it's showing up on the occupancy side or some sort of pressure on rate?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, we're not seeing any significant amount of pressure from new construction in our portfolio. As we said, our portfolio in general has a better construction as a percentage of inventory statistics than NIC and even in markets where there is more construction, our properties are generally outperforming the NIC averages in those markets. So I think it speaks to the quality of our portfolio in terms of the assets, the operators and the locations.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just one housekeeping thing. With Kindred, the expectation, the 5 that are remaining, if it does go past October 1, is it full rent, or is it half rent beyond that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It's full rent through the end of the year and there's a period of time, should anything stretch over, that could be at half rent. So it's a very kind of collaborative arrangement that we reached with Kindred.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Nick Yulico from UBS.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the triple-net portfolio, can you explain what items caused the same-store NOI growth to be 4.9%, which is pretty high? I think you mentioned some fees -- rent increases?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. So fees and rent renegotiations are a normal part of our business. We're proactive asset managers and we're always looking for opportunities to drive value in our portfolio. As you mentioned, our same-store portfolio grew 4.9% in the quarter. More typically, growth is around 3%. So I mean, clearly we had a good quarter, driven by our ability to generate some fee income during the quarter.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And was any of this related to the Kindred portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: No.
Debra A. Cafaro: No.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then going back to, I think you mentioned fees and other income equaling less than $0.02 in the quarter. I think $0.01 of that was a loan repayment. What was the other fees were in this triple-net segment?
Raymond J. Lewis: From time to time we have operators that come to us and need certain consents or changes to the documents and those create opportunities for us to improve our position in a lease or generate fees, so it's that type of activity.
Debra A. Cafaro: But again, the lion's share of it is really fundamental, which is improvement in rents, escalations, upward roll-ups in rent on maturities, things like that. That's the vast majority of it.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then going back to the dispositions, you mentioned there's $200 million MOB portfolio sale. I think you said you expect around a 6 cap rate on that, is that right?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, in the 6-ish range, I mean, obviously the market will be the market but we feel good about the bids that we're seeing on MOBs and so we think this will be very attractive.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then how should we think about that portfolio relative to the rest of your MOB portfolio? I mean, is this lower occupancy, is it older quality, I mean what is this...
Debra A. Cafaro: It's not -- it's nonstrategic to the portfolio. Again, I think we're taking the opportunity that we want to be more proactive on in terms of recycling capital and taking advantage of market conditions when we can and using that capital to redeploy into our business strategy.
Raymond J. Lewis: But it really is mixed by age, by geography, by size and relationships with the hospital systems probably more than anything, which are not strategic.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I guess my question was whether these all -- at all, similarly -- you mentioned strong pricing, that this is to some regards a lower quality MOB portfolio, the rest of your MOB portfolio pricing would be sub-6 cap rate or something if that's part of the...
Debra A. Cafaro: It would. I think it absolutely would be sub-6. There's no question about that and so -- yes, but we think these -- again, we'll command a very strong bid out in the marketplace because they are good assets, they are just not strategic to our Lillibridge business.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question is on the senior housing segment, I mean, your report -- the same-store you report stabilized. Can you remind us that -- I mean, when you're doing these redev communities is it an entire community, or are you doing a portion of the units? And how does that difference affect whether the assets are in a stabilized versus the overall same-store?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Great question because they're all a little bit different and I'll ask Ray to describe what we do.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, there's -- projects can range from $1 million to $20 million plus and depending upon the scale of the project there may be more or less units off-line in a particular building. Sometimes, it's just as simple as upgrading the common areas and sometimes we're going through and redoing entire wings of the building or taking units off-line to add a life guidance. So it really is going to depend upon what the opportunity in that building and that market is. With respect to when we move it into redevelopment, it's really when the significant redevelopment is underway and the project is getting ready to come back online, it will be in a lease up mode.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. So I mean there is some judgment involved but generally if it's a major project and there's going to be some disruption and -- of one kind or another and that is underway, we would put it in redevelopment. But it's not little ticky tacky things.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's major projects when they are under way.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rich Anderson from Mizuho Securities.
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: So just -- why did the -- more or less what was the factor for the same-store NOI growth target for the shop portfolio coming down, call it like a 0.5%, relative to last quarter?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think you've got Canada in their...
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it's mainly a Canada thing?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. May be a Canada thing.
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then speaking of Canada, you mentioned this is all a company-specific event and hopefully getting fixed. Do you have an estimate that, if it is the case, do you have an estimate of how far below market rents are right now, in those 12 assets?
Raymond J. Lewis: I don't think it is much a rent issue as it is occupancy and managing expenses. I think the rents are actually reasonably good in that market. I think it's really more increasing the occupancy, as Michael noted previously, in managing expenses in particular, which have increased over the last couple of quarters. So that I think points to that management more than anything. The rates might point to the quality of the markets.
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. And do you think that there's anything about the new version of Sunrise, management-only business owned by one of your peers, HCN partially? You think that there's anything about that new model of theirs that is impacting their management style?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I think that it's obvious that there's been significant change -- multiple changes in the executive level management and ownership at the company and that inevitably has an impact on focus between selling the company and changing owners and changing leadership. And so I think it's really needing a renewed focus in these 12 assets and hopefully Sunrise' executive leadership now is in place and stable and they are going to bring these assets back to their historical performance, which again, was quite good. I mean, these used to be 94%, 95% occupied and we're the top performers in the portfolio. So there's no reason that the assets can't achieve that level again and it just is going to take some focus from executive management and we are working with them to bring that focus.
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when you bought Sunrise REIT in 2007, there were 63 other assets in the U.S. Is there any impact there, or are those just kind of churning along just fine?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think if you look at the performance of our U.S. portfolio, and there are 81 other Sunrise assets in our U.S. portfolio, it's performed very well across the board and I would say Sunrise's is holding up their end there.
Richard C. Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last question, kind of big picture. You're growing the medical office portfolio by about 30% with HCT, assuming that closes. Have you given any thought about -- I came up, I have to talk a little bit about spin-cos and thought, you mentioned below 5% or below 6 cap rate for the rest of your MOB portfolio. You think that someday you might consider something along those lines to kind of break it up and see what the MOB portfolio is worth on its own.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we definitely will always look at opportunities to create value for our shareholders, whatever those opportunities may be and whatever the market is indicating, we should be doing to create value. I do think we have assembled an unbelievable enterprise and company that has some characteristics of reliable cash flow growth and diversified asset class, diversified tenant base, et cetera and given that we are sort of 1/3 health care; 1/3 real estate; 1/3 finance there is a tremendous benefit to scale and diversification. And we would think long and hard before we would basically break up what we think is a very, very well performing, very high-quality enterprise. That said, again, we're all about creating value for shareholders and we will hopefully always make decisions that accomplish that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question just on the investment pipeline. Can you just characterize any changes in that from a volume and both sort of bigger size deals and smaller deals and asset classes. Have you guys had to pass on any deals recently as a result of the reaudit?
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. No, the pipeline is good. I think again our asset type, we have a huge domestic market. I think we continue to see good deal flow both here and abroad and we want to be -- we have $3.8 billion sort of under contract and pending, so we are excited about that. And as we move forward we'll continue to be prudent, but I would expect us to continue to be able to grow accretively and strategically and we just want to make sure we're continuing to show good discipline and continue to build value for shareholders at what we acquire.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And just another question on the guidance. The 3.5% to 4% same-store NOI guidance for the total portfolio, what was that in the previous guidance? And does the new normalized guidance include the cost of the reaudit?
Debra A. Cafaro: The 3.5% to 4%, it just really means that we're -- we believe we are going to end up in the high range of our original 3% to 4% same-store total company cash flow growth which is very outstanding, I would add, and I think stacks up well, across the REIT space. And in terms of the reaudits, we did say that, that would be excluded from normalized FFO because, clearly, it's an unusual event that is not really core to our cash flow and earnings production.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just last question. Can you give us an update on the search for the new CFO?
Debra A. Cafaro: The search is continuing on. I'm very happy to have my colleague, Mr. Schweinhart here to ensure that the reaudits are expeditiously and successfully completed and to ensure that we have a smooth transition. We are continuing the search and would expect to provide an update as soon as we have one.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Quick question on the acquisition front. When you guys did that HCT deal, there was a lot of talk around HCT being a front runner for the Griffin-America portfolio. That ultimately went to NorthStar. I'm just kind of curious, the dynamics numbers around that and why -- whether you were interested in that portfolio at all or whether it just didn't make sense for you and kind of what the dynamics around that large portfolio being in the market but it going to a competitor of yours.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we really like the assets that we are acquiring for all the reasons stated, which I won't repeat. I would tell you that the Griffin NorthStar deal is one that really validates the pricing that we have talked about and what pricing there is out there in the marketplace. And it also validates the idea that there continue to be plenty of high-quality assets in our space that are available to fuel continued external growth.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But it sounds like there were assets you also like, the pricing seemed like what you expected on that portfolio, or it would seem like it's something that you could have competed very effectively for though? Was there any interest on your end, or did -- the deal just didn't make sense from your end given some of your other strategic objectives?
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we are focused on all the reasons that we acquired the portfolios that we are acquiring and we really like those and again, we congratulate NorthStar on their acquisition and again, believe that we're in a terrific market to continue to grow.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's fine Debbie. Then the HCT transaction, it sounds like you're still very confident about it closing in fourth quarter. But just again, curious why you decided not to include it in guidance. Is it just because you're not sure about the timing when it could occur in the fourth quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, Holiday's is imminent and we have already funded the debt for that, so it seemed appropriate since we have better visibility into Holiday to include that in guidance at this point. The timing on HCT is more variable and also, really, even if it does close at the end of the fourth quarter, let's call it, that would have very limited impact on 2014, anyways. So this just seems like the best way to provide the best guidance to our investors.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one more for me, I appreciate the patience. The shop portfolio, could you just talk a little bit about initial trends you're seeing in the third quarter kind of around July, that data in particular?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, good question. But I'm not going to steal Ray's thunder, so let him answer that.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thanks, Tayo. As you know, the occupancy trends tend to decline in the first quarter and into the second quarter, and then pick up again as we emerge into the third quarter. And we're seeing those trends continue this year in our portfolio. It's also important to note that there are a number of expenses that are sort of backend-loaded in the portfolio typically. It's a little early to sort of say whether or not those are going to materialize, but we always have repairs and maintenance and paint and paper, some vacation expenses and other things that are loaded towards the back end of the year and so right now it seems like traditional historical seasonal patterns are holding.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. But occupancy is trending up.
Raymond J. Lewis: Occupancy is trending up. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. Just speaking with the same-store NOI guidance increase. Though we're tracking towards the high end of the range it does seem to imply some deceleration from the 2Q level and to some degree, the 1H level. We've already talked about the triple-net portfolio maybe indexing a little bit higher than it normally would. I'm just curious on the fee side of things is that something that you typically wouldn't sort of project going forward? And is that where some of that deceleration is coming from? And really, just to trying to get some understanding of what the visibility is on those fees?
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. Yes, those kinds of upticks of all types, whether they're rent renegotiations or so on, are difficult to predict so we don't typically model them. I think we're -- so the quarters can be variable but I do think we're very excited that we think our overall business is going to generate in the top end of that original 3% to 4% same-store cash growth, and we're glad that all segments are contributing to that. So we just think of -- we don't think of it as -- we don't think of this as accelerating, we think of it as somewhat unpredictable and lumpy. So we view the full year as the true test of what our business is delivering.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. Is there anything there that's sort of causing the uplift here in the last couple of quarters? That you can point ...
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we've just had good quarters. I mean, and hopefully we'll continue to have good quarters, so that's what we try to do. That's the management value-added that we try to bring to the business.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. Just maybe switching over to shop side of things. I know that the overall range was brought in a little bit, sounds like Canada is sort of the culprit here. But looking at the OpEx growth, it does look like it was pretty limited this quarter. You mentioned some expenses increasing in the back half but just curious, on a year-over-year basis would you expect those OpEx trends to go back up to sort of the -- maybe more inflationary level 2%-ish range and then to hit the guidance does that suggest that you do think that the revenue side will also tick up commensurately?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, I think revenue will probably tick up as occupancy increases, rates are generally projected to be flat to slightly down in the second half. And then operating expenses will increase in the second half as I described. I think it's our expectation and so yes, they would probably trend more towards that inflationary level.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last one for me. On the dispositions I think I heard that -- you say that they're being marketed. Are they in the market today, or are they just getting ready to be put on the market? And what do you think timing-wise when we should see those close?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Any day now they'll be in the market and the timing would be late in the year, presumably, for execution.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Debbie, a question for you just in terms of how you think about cost of capital when you’re thinking about the couple of large transactions that you guys have pending right now. And just when the circumstance is such that your implied cap rate on our stock is roughly similar to the initial yield on the transactions you're entering into, just curious I think about that from a capital allocation standpoint obviously, you guys are generating some earnings accretion, so just curious about how do you think about all those?
Debra A. Cafaro: We're very focused on our long-term cost to capital and the fact that we do need to finance things on a long-term basis with a significant equity component and we believe that our job is to continue to grow cash flows with limited risk and a strong balance sheet and so we've been able to do that over an extended period of time. And we do believe also that, frankly, our cost of equity is not reflecting the value of our assets in some ways in the marketplace, and I think you're seeing that in pricing. So I do think that this transaction, or both transactions that we're entering into, are good for our cash flow, our growth rate, the quality of our portfolio and I feel very good about how we're financing them in a very -- I think, a very thoughtful and balanced way.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a question for you on CapEx, maybe this is for Ray as well, but I'm just curious, I think about this -- on the shop portfolio it looks like your spending about 15% of NOI on CapEx but yet this quarter that NOI stream grew slower than the triple-net business line, just curious how you think about those NOI growths on an after CapEx basis?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, Michael, I would say that within any one particular quarter, because the nature of CapEx spending is going to be sort of lumpy, you're going to see that relationship move up and down. I think if you look at it over time, we think that the better growth rates that you get from the shop assets compensate for the additional CapEx that you invest in the buildings over time relative to a triple-net lease portfolio, and I think that we believe that holds true.
Debra A. Cafaro: When we underwrite these assets, we obviously do it on a before and after CapEx basis, so we look at growth rates and then we look at variability in the cash flows or -- how you would assess those? I think the key point that is important to make is that those assets are the highest quality assets, essentially, in our portfolio and so they again would command a very sporty cap rate that would likely be under 6% even before CapEx. And so you can't really compare a yield on a triple-net lease asset and a shop asset unless they are identical assets. And so I think you have to be careful about how you think about that. But we do always look at growth and return on a before and after CapEx basis.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just, couple more quick ones for me. Just to clarify on the acquired -- or to the acquired senior living assets, I think you mentioned 4% to 5% NOI growth. What timeframe are you taking about that expectation? Is that, just say, 2014 or '15, or is that intermediate term beyond that?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I would call the kind of immediate to intermediate term. So 1 to 3 years, call it.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last one for me. We haven't talked about skilled nursing on this call, I was just curious if you have any view on how that's performing? It seems like the environment is pretty benign, which seems pretty good. And then just curious, there is also word, at least from the Omega call a couple of weeks ago about a possible 1 billion dollar deal out there. I'm just curious if that's a segment of your portfolio that you would look to grow at all at attractive pricing?
Debra A. Cafaro: I'm glad you asked about that. I mean we, as part of our balanced and diversified approach, we have always thought that skilled nursing is an asset type that is an important part of the healthcare delivery system for seniors and that well done, well underwritten, well operated, with coverage, it can be a very good asset class to own. Our portfolio of government reimbursed assets has about a 65% quality mix, so we have a very, very high-quality post-acute portfolio and again, I think what we are seeing is that there is a stability in that marketplace and that yields for a high-quality portfolio like we have are a lot lower i.e. values are a lot higher than people are typically ascribing to that portfolio. So we like our post-acute business. We think it's very high quality and under the right circumstances we would consider investing in the asset class, but obviously only with a top operator with good coverage and a yield that we thought was appropriate for the long-term risk and cyclicality of the asset type and reimbursement. Okay. So operator, I think with that we're going to close the call and I want to once again thank everyone for their time and attention. And I'm sure everyone's thrilled that earning season is coming to a close and we appreciate the time you spent with us this morning and we look forward to seeing you first thing in September. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lori Wittman – SVP, Capital Markets and IR Debra Cafaro – Chairman and CEO Raymond Lewis – President Richard Schweinhart – EVP and CFO John Cobb – EVP and Chief Investment Officer Todd Lillibridge – EVP, Medical Property Operations; President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services
Analysts:  Nick Yulico – UBS Emmanuel Korchman – Citi Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Meehan – Barclays Capital Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2014 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I’m your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, but we will conduct a question-and-answer session later in the conference. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President, of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Mark. Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company’s announcements today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31st, 2014. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management’s current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual events may differ materially from the Company’s expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the company’s other reports filed periodically with the SEC for discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company’s supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you Lori. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, we’re very happy to be with you here this morning for Ventas’ first quarter 2013 earnings call. I’m pleased to discuss the results of another quarter of excellent performance. Following my remarks Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and Rich Schweinhart will review our financial results. As always we’ll then be pleased to answer your questions. Our first quarter financial results continued our long standing track record of growing earnings, cash flow and our dividend. The depth, strength and stability of our management team are strong contributors to Ventas’ consistent superior performance. First let me address some of the highlights of the quarter and year-to-date and our expectations for the balance of 2014. Normalized FFO for the quarter grew to $1.09 per share, which reflects 7% growth compared to the first quarter of last year excluding non cash items. Our growth resulted from increases in same-store NOI, the accretion from our high quality 2013 acquisitions and receipt of fees and other payments partially offset by higher corporate expenses and the impact of loan repayments and asset sales in 2013. At Ventas we focus on delivering reliable growing cash. Ventas’ growth resulted from increases in same-store NOI, the accretion from out high quality 2013 acquisitions and receipt of fees and other payments partially offset by higher corporate expenses and the impact of loan repayments and asset sales in 2013 in case you didn’t catch that the first time. At Ventas we focus on delivering reliable growing cash flow. This quarter our cash flow from operations increased over 23% since last year. One reason for this increase was a very strong 3.7% same-store cash flow growth we recorded in the quarter from our highly productive portfolio of diversified assets and our successful business model. During the quarter we paid our shareholders a dividend of $0.72.5 per share up over 8% from the dividend we paid from the first quarter of 2013. Yet we retain an impressive dividend payout ratio of 67%, providing room for continued upward movement in our dividend payment. We are proud of our 14 year compound annual dividend growth rate of 9% and pleased to share the company’s success through a reliable growing dividend. We also have great news to report on the 60 skilled nursing assets whose lease term expires later this year. Ray will address the particulars, but I am delighted to report that we have improved our expectations and we are on schedule to complete the transactions by October 1. We also have been very active on the capital and investment fund. We expect $0.03 of accretions from the net impact of our recently completed and very attractive $700 million bond deal, the $200 million of investments we completed in the first quarter, the pending closing of another $100 million of investments and the upcoming repayments of $200 million of mortgage debts. We are excited to announce that our biggest investment in the quarter was the acquisition of three high quality private hospitals in the United Kingdom. This transaction is in consistent with our articulated strategy of expanding Ventas’ footprint in selected geographies where we see positive fundamentals, superior risk adjusted returns, and continued long-term investment opportunities. These three private hospitals are leased to Spire, the second largest private hospital operator in the UK under a long-term triple-net leases. The properties are highly productive with strong market share and are located in greater London and northern England. Rent coverage exceeds two times in your escalators or at least 3% and the expected net yield is 9%. We intend to build on our investment in the UK over time, because the healthcare and senior housing real estate market there is highly active and evolved. We remain optimistic about our investment opportunities both domestically and internationally. The healthcare and senior housing investment market has ramped up significantly and we have our hands full reviewing potential transactions. These opportunities range from multibillion dollar portfolios to single asset acquisitions across all our segments. Our job is to sort through a very large pipeline and allocate capital to the right segments, right geographies, at the right time in the cycle in good risk adjusted return transactions that create value for Ventas’ shareholders. We are highly confident that we can extend our long track records of being excellent capital allocators and disciplined successful investors. I’d like to make one final point before I turn the call over to Ray. I recently saw a release this morning announcing that our long time and highly valued CFO Rich Schweinhart plans to retire at the end of this year after a distinguished and productive 43 year career, the last 12 with Ventas. Until then Rick will work with us in our outstanding IT, accounting and finance teams to ensure a smooth and seamless transition. I met Rick on my first week at Ventas CEO in 1999, when he was still the CFO at Vencor. And I asked him to tell me what an LTACH was. Rick has been teaching me about healthcare ever since. I finally persuaded Rick to become our CFO in 2002 and he has played a central role in our growth and success. Among other things Ventas grew from a market CAP of under a billion dollars when he joined us to $19 billion today including over $21 billion of acquisitions. During his 10 year, we went from a high yield issuer to a highly rated one, now enjoying one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT space. And we joined the S&P 500. All the while Rick has worked side by side as our trusted colleague, with good humor, patience and tireless commitment to our enterprise. We and our shareholders owe Rick a great debt of gratitude and I’d like to publicly thank him for all he’s done for Ventas over the years. I look forward to continuing to work with Rick and having plenty of opportunities to toast him with his favorite Kentucky bourbon, during the remainder of 2014, Ray.
Raymond Lewis: Thank you Debbie. Our diverse, balanced and productive portfolio 1473 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties had another strong performance in the first quarter. For the quarter our same-store cash NOI grew by 3.7% year-over-year. I’ll run through some of the highlights for the quarter by segment. Let me start with our private-pay seniors housing operating portfolio. The total portfolio now stands at 237 properties and delivered another strong quarter. The total seniors housing operating portfolio produced $122.7 million of NOI after management fees in the first quarter, growth of 13.5% versus the prior year. Occupancy in the total portfolio stood at 90.6%, compared to seniors housing occupancy in the 31 primary markets as reported by Nick of 89.8%. And REVPOR was about $5500 versus about $3400 reported by Nick. NOI for the 220 property same-store portfolio increased 4.6% in the first quarter of 2014, compared to the first quarter of 2013. And same-store REVPOR increased 2.5% percent. This also compares favorably to the next senior housing annual rent growth of 1.6% in the 31 primary markets for the first quarter. Sequentially in the 235 communities we own for the full first quarter of 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013, NOI growth was even more impressive at 5.5% and margins improved 140 basis points. Nick recently reported that seniors housing construction has slowed in the first quarter, in particular Nick reported the construction starts for total seniors housing in primary markets declined 65% from about 4000 units in the first quarter of last year to about 1400 units in the first quarter of this year. At the same time absorption and seniors housing continues to be positive due to the need based nature of the product and the aging of the population. Most importantly for our SHOP portfolio, construction of the percentage of inventories with only 2.5% in the three-mile trade area around our buildings, compared to 3.1% for the 31 primary markets reported by Nick. Our expectations for the full year SHOP NOI remain unchanged, with 4% to 6% projected same-store NOI growth and total NOI between $488 million and $500 million. Next, alternative performance of our triple-net lease portfolio which is diversified across 907 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. Same-store cash NOI in this portfolio was up 4.1% year-over-year, cash flow coverage in the 764 properties and our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2013, the latest available information was strong and stable at 1.6 times. As Debbie mentioned in her remarks, we’re extremely pleased with the progress on the 60 Kindred leasing facilities whose terms expire in October 1st of 2014. We have signed leases on 55 of the 60 buildings and we have executed sale contracts on four of the five remaining buildings we intend to sell. In combination with the agreements we reached with Kindred last fall, these transactions, when completed, will fully replace the 2015 rent we would have otherwise received had Kindred renewed the entire portfolio. We have already transitioned a half-dozen of the buildings and all the remaining facilities are on track to be transitioned on or before the Kindred lease expires on October 1st. Our interdisciplinary releasing team has been working extremely hard on this transaction and has done an outstanding job the position on Ventas for an excellent result. Upon closing of the signed leases with our new tenants our portfolio will be even more diversified and Kindred will account for approximately 6% of our total revenues. Finally, I’d like to briefly discuss Ventas’ portfolio of 309 consolidated medical office properties, spanning over 16,000,000 square feet and accounting for 16% of our annualized NOI. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the first quarter. Total portfolio NOI at the 100% share with $75.7 million and overall occupancy was a very healthy 90%. Most importantly cash NOI and the 296 same-store consolidated medical office buildings increased 3.6% year-over-year net of lease termination fees received in the first quarter of last year. Rate in the same-store portfolio also increased 3% year-over-year and margin improved, again after netting out the prior period lease termination fees. So we continue to push rates, manage the expenses, drive bottom-line growth in our MOB portfolio. Additionally we started to see leasing activity pickup in the first quarter, we’re issuing more letters of intent, signing more new leases, and commencing new leases then we have in the past year. And we are maintaining a strong retention rate. This increase in activity should translate into increasing occupancy and continuing NOI growth over time. So our balance in diversified portfolio continued to perform across the board. And we are on track to deliver our same-store cash NOI growth target of between t 3% and 4% in 2014. Rick?
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you Ray. Cash flows from operations in the first quarter were $284 million, up 22% from the first quarter last year. Investments in the quarter totaled $247 million including acquisitions, CapEx and construction and development. At the quarter end in April, we were opportunistic in the fixed income markets raising $700 million at an interest rate of 2.75% and a weighted average maturity of seven years. Our strategy continues to be to lock in low long-term rates, lengthen and stagger our maturity schedule. Repaying outstanding liquidity on our $2 billion dollar revolving credit facility and maintaining an appropriate amount of floating-rate debt, which now stands at 15% of total debt. In the first quarter of 2014 normalized FFO was a $1.09 per diluted share, an increase of 6% compared to the first quarter of 2013 per share results of a $1.03. Normalized FFO increased 7% to $323 million compared to last year’s first quarter of $302 million. Normalized FFO increased due to improvements in all three segments, accretive acquisitions completed in 2013 and fees and other payments approximating $0.01of earnings. This increase was somewhat offset by a decrease in interest income on loans and investments that were repaid or sold last year. And an increase in G&A and interest expense due to acquisitions. Our diluted share count rose less than 1% to 296 million shares. Our average cash interest rate improved 40 basis points to 3.7% at March 31st, 2014 compared to March 31st, 2013. And we have been able to maintain our weighted average debt maturity at nearly seven years. At quarter end our credit stats remained outstanding with net debt through pro forma EBITDA at 5.5 times. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of four times and secured debt to enterprise value of 9%, our revolver balance at quarter end, prior to the issuance of our bonds was $559 million. Currently our debt to enterprise value is an outstanding 34% and we have over $2.2 billion in liquidity including $260 million of cash on hand. We are maintaining our 2014 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $4.31 to $4.37. Our guidance if achieved represents 5.5% to 7% per share growth excluding non-cash items estimated at a dime per share, because of our recent activity we would expect to come in towards the higher end of our range. Our current guidance range includes the net accretive impact of our $200 billion of investments closed in the first quarter. The completion of $100 million of pending acquisitions and the repayment of $200 million in mortgage debt, financed by our $700 million bond deal, because we are currently in a net cash position, there will be a minor amount of negative arbitrage in the second quarter due to timing differences between our capital raise and full deployment of the proceeds. Our guidance does not include the impact of additional unannounced capital transactions or acquisitions or dispositions. So all in all we had an excellent quarter and we are well positioned to deliver for the balance of the year. Operator if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Yulico of UBS.
Nick Yulico – UBS: Good morning everyone. Just want to start in the UK maybe if you could just talk a little bit about what was attractive about this deal and particularly since its Spire. There has been I guess, in the press that their owners are exploring a sale review the overall entity. I think there’s still more real estate there that is, I know they sold some real estate a year ago, I think it’s probably about 20 properties maybe left if I look at it. Maybe if you could talk about the future investment opportunity there and whether it’s well with 100 million that’s on the contract relates to Spire as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We’re very excited and again consider the Spire investment to be a great risk adjusted return and also a natural evolution of our articulated strategy of growth and diversification. Spire is obviously a highly regarded hospital operator, the second largest private hospital operator in the UK and they do own addition real estate. I can tell you that none of the extra $100 million relates to Spire but, as I said in my remarks we do believe that the UK healthcare real estate market is very evolved, it’s very active. And we would expect to have additional opportunities there with Spire or other operators over time.
Nick Yulico – UBS: Okay and then the 9% yield that was quoted, is that a GAAP or a cash yield what would be the cash if so?
Debra Cafaro: The dealing in cash it’s about 6.5 and the 9% is the reported yield.
Nick Yulico – UBS: Okay so if we sort of think about the 6.5 yield and even if we think broadly about investing internationally into the private pay hospital market whether it’s the UK or even possibly Australia which has a similar funding market, it sounds like cap rates are similar in Australia. How do you think about investing as that type of cap rates for hospital assets? Even though recognizing that maybe people are just aren’t as aware of how the funding environment for the operator’s much different than US, maybe you wouldn’t mind covering that a little bit.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. And I think that you’ve hit on a really important point in our investment thesis. I would say that when we talked about this as being a natural evolution of Ventas’ diversification, I would say that a hospital asset in the U.S. and a hospital asset in the U.K. are a little bit of different animals and they beat to different drummers. And in particular, I think what you would find in the U.K. is that there is lots of opportunities for support of the hospital systems, there is significant stability in those funding sources, and the risk reward is different in the U.K. and therefore, the cap rates are different, because the reliability of those cash flows over time and the stability of those cash flows over time has been very, very strong.
Nick Yulico – UBS: Would you view Australia as a similar type of market to the U.K.?
Debra Cafaro: Well, they’re both English-speaking, I can say that, but yes, I would say that in general, some of the countries that are basically under the historic British Empire would have traditional systems. And in many cases have similar drivers to their current operating profiles and funding sources.
Nick Yulico – UBS: Okay that’s helpful. And just one other question is, as we think about your Canadian senior housing portfolio, it’s not that large. I’m just curious, how you’ve thought about that investment. How it’s done, how you think about investing additionally into Canada if there were a decent sized senior housing portfolio that became available at a similar type of cap rate to where you’ve been investing in the U.S. with a known operator. Would you look to do more in Canada today?
Debra Cafaro: I’m going to ask John Cobb, our chief investment officer to take that one Nick.
John Cobb: I think that definitely we’re looking both domestically and abroad. We’re looking at the smaller yields and bigger yields like you suggested and you should assume we’re looking at everything.
Operator: Thank you the next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman of Citi. Go ahead please.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Debbie, just on sticking with Spire for a second? The $200 million, was that part of the sale leaseback they did last January or was that a new sale leaseback that you entered into with them direct?
Debra Cafaro: It’s not part of what we said in last January. It was an existing lease that we acquired from the landlord that has long-term term remaining.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Right. And so between 6.5 to 9, how long is that term and what are the escalators?
Debra Cafaro: The escalators are at least 3% annually.
Richard Schweinhart: It’s over 20 years.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: So, this was an existing lease that they had in place?
Debra Cafaro: Yes; and yeah coverage is well over two times and if they’re seasoned assets and a seasoned lease.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Now, had you looked at – I don’t know where this relationship had embarked on but I do look at this or we’re involved last year when they set up the – I got to assume you had a cheaper cost of capital than two-hedge funds, when they did the sale leaseback last January. Was that something that was of interest to you and how do the economics there compare to the economics you’ve got here?
John Cobb: We do not look at that particular transaction, but the economics are similar.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Okay. Debbie, this is a two part question. So, if you and I were putting together a panel for NAREIT last fall and for this coming NAREIT, and we’re going to put the three big healthcare REITs on the panel, you, HCN and HCP. Would it have surprised you that the panel wouldn’t have been you, Jay and George and it would’ve been you and two Board members. That’s part one. Part two, is sort of in that light and I don’t want to imply one iota that I want you to say, but can you talk a little bit about Ventas’ approach and process on succession planning, given the first part of the question?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I mean it would be a pretty small panel this year, but I would say that we all as executives and public companies serve at the pleasure of our Boards and our shareholder constituents. And I think that over time that will change and does change as we’ve seen over the last 12 months in our space. And we at Ventas are very serious about our team and I think we are distinguished by the long tenure team we have and the very deep bench, many of which are here with me today, and that’s one of our great strength. And I would say that in all companies, all of our successes are a product of a lot of people’s efforts and I feel very good about where we stand at Ventas, although I have no intention to leave at the present time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Theiler of Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors: Just a couple of quick ones from me. Can you talk a little bit about the low expense growth we saw on the SHOP portfolio? Was there anything unusual going on there? Is that just great cost controls by your operator?
Raymond Lewis: No, Jeff – this is Ray. There is always some puts and takes between expenses in the quarters, but there is nothing unexpected in there. I think we saw a little bit of increase in utilities, but that was more than offset by management of productive labor, payroll and benefits.
Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors: Then, just moving to the Kindred transition, can you talk a little bit about the five assets that you’re selling, the reasons you’re selling those particular assets and what kind of pricing you might be expecting?
Raymond Lewis: Yeah, so those are non-strategic assets, Jeff, that we really didn’t have a place for. We’re going to sell those for about $42,000 a bed, something like that.
Operator: Juan Sanabria, Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a few questions. With regards to outstanding purchase options, have you guys had any agreements with operators – Brookdale comes to mind – with regards to getting ahead of those potential options?
Debra Cafaro: We’re very happy to report that. Basically, we had one purchase option this year that we had disclosed as part of our 2014 guidance and is in our assumptions, and then we really don’t have any material purchase options until 2020, and frankly, those are immaterial as well, and those are at [indiscernible] and fairly small in nominal dollar size. So we’re in very good shape there.
Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: With regards to sort of acquisitions and preferences for asset types, I know you’ve been focused on private pay, particularly seniors housing and MOBs. What’s the view on some of the private run listed REITs have become more competitive it seems, looking at skilled nursing which has a sort of a higher going-in yield cap rate and maybe isn’t quite as competitive?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think we’ve talked a little bit about this, and the way I would describe it is when we talk about being excellent capital allocators and creating value for shareholders, I think it’s important to allocate to the right sectors at the right time in the cycle. And if you think about it, we did about $11 billion in acquisitions in 2011, which was you could make a tremendous kind of macro investment thesis on senior housing and MOBs, basically saying that those were assets where you really wanted to be that cap rates were going to compress and value was going to be created through both cap rate compression as well as increases in NOI. So, that has been a wonderful capital allocation for us. I would say, as other people catch on to the merits of those asset classes and we’ve always had competition, just like now, what we’ve tried to do is refine our investment focus to places where we have a significant competitive advantage, where we can really add value, either through internalizing management on the MOBs or we can use our balance sheet on assets that don’t have in place mortgage debt, where we can perhaps transition assets to Atria for example. And so we’ve refined that and we have continued to grow accretively and focus our investment efforts on areas where we really believe we have a competitive advantage and we will continue to do that in those sectors. Obviously, we are looking across the board at all asset types, including skilled nursing and hospitals as we’ve discussed and I think that we would continue to allocate capital to skilled on the basis of, if we could find good risk adjusted return with good operators who have good presence in the market and good relationships with managed care and discharge planners, but I think our capital allocation there will be more at the margin as output drivers and it will be a huge amount of additional net investing.
Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a last question, you’d sort of talked about in the intro $0.03 of, I guess, accretion on deals, investment both that close in the first quarter and that are pending? And how should I think about that relative to annualizing your first quarter figure which implies a number basically at the high end of your guidance?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we can look at it – good question – I think we can look at it in a couple ways. If the net impact of bonds and the acquisitions and debt repayments is, call it, $0.03 accretive, if we were at the midpoint before, that puts us more towards the high end of our range as Rick said. Alternatively, if you take the first quarter and Rick mentioned there might be a $0.01 of items, so maybe you take 108 times four and then you add the accretion going forward, something like that, you can kind of get to the higher end of the range in a couple of different ways, Juan.
Operator: Jack Meehan, Barclays.
Jack Meehan – Barclays Capital: I want to start with the hospital investments in U.K. Just curious about the regulatory environment in U.K. a little bit. We’ve been tracking it for HCA and I know the competition in markets – and BMI to divest some hospitals. How do you think about that in London? Is it a good thing because it could lead to new investment opportunities for Ventas, or do you think it’s more of a risk because some of the better operators are being asked to leave the market?
Debra Cafaro: We think of it as a net opportunity for us.
Jack Meehan – Barclays Capital: Maybe more specifically with HCA and BMI, do you think that those are opportunities or even with Spire that you’d expect to see happen over 2014, or is this something that you think could take a little bit longer to play out?
Debra Cafaro: We think it’s an intermediate-term process, I would say, and we’ll take a little bit longer than this year to play out. To begin, as capital providers, when assets are changing hands, it obviously can create opportunities, it doesn’t always, but it can create opportunities to finance some of that changing hands and acquisition activity.
Jack Meehan – Barclays Capital: Just a couple on the operating environment, we’ve had a couple of the hospitals now report early on and one of the interesting things we’ve heard is that they’ve talked about seeing some improvement in surgical volumes which they say could potentially be economic driven. When you talk of your post-acute operators, have they talked about seeing any sort of benefit downstream yet and obviously there’s been a lot of moving parts, so, just curious.
Raymond Lewis: Jack, this is Ray. We haven’t really seen that impact flow through to the post-acute operators yet, but that is obviously a delayed reaction.
Debra Cafaro: That’s the word post, but I do think that those are – I think the important point you are making is those are favorable trends that over time we should obtain the benefit of.
Jack Meehan – Barclays Capital: The last one with the LTACHs, there’s been some discussion. Obviously, we’ve got criteria in December and the rate cuts don’t go in until the end of 2015, but the potential that now physicians have some sort of blessing to put those patients that fall in the criteria to send them to an LTACH versus sending them somewhere else where they’re doing it previously. Just curious if on that front, with your discussions with your LTACH operators and obviously Kindred, if you’ve heard any of that or if you think that could be a near-term opportunity in terms of the coverage?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, I think it’s great how the LTACH model has been validated, and obviously, Kindred is one of the, if not weak, top LTACH operators in the country, and so, we have been – we have liked this asset class for a long time and I do think there is opportunity for Kindred and obviously the market sees that, as their stock has rallied to over $25 this year as you well know and they have a great strategy in their integrated care markets and those are the assets that we own. So, we think it is great for Kindred and that we will be a secondary beneficiary of those important improvements and again the validation of the LTACH model by CMS.
Operator: Daniel Bernstein, Stifel.
Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus: Going back to the U.K. acquisition, I was trying to understand also the competitive environment for those hospital assets relative to say, marketed transactions for seniors housing or MOBs in the U.S. Are there a lot of private equity buyers there? We’ve seen a lot of European REITs, U.S. REITs. So, just trying to understand who’s bidding on those assets?
John Cobb: This is John. I mean, I think it’s very similar to the U.S. I think you’re seeing a myriad of suitors, you’re seeing private equity, you’re seeing pension funds, you’re seeing other REITs, you’re seeing international REITs compete. So, it’s no different than it is here. It’s still competitive. We’re still seeing market transactions and off market transactions.
Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus: Are you looking elsewhere in Europe; medical properties trusted Germany transaction – property transaction in Germany, well I think those were some – had some reimbursement involved with them and not just private pay. So are there other places of opportunity within Europe that you’re looking as well beyond U.K.?
Debra Cafaro: I think John had to get extra pages for his passport last quarter.
John Cobb: I like the global entry thing.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Look, I mean we are focused in our strategy and we’ve identified specific jurisdictions where we think there are good trends and investment opportunities and we will stay focused on those, and so, more to follow perhaps.
John Cobb: Yeah. I think we have a big team focused both domestically and international that’s looking for good opportunities that can create value for shareholders.
Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus: You guys are going to have to do an Analyst Day over here at some point.
Debra Cafaro: Lori is already [indiscernible].
Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus: On the SHOP portfolio, occupancy declined sequentially, which under normal seasonal conditions I don’t think would be a question I’d ask, but with NIC MAP Data down 5 basis points for assisted living and basically flattish overall sequentially, trying to understand the dynamics that went into that occupancy drop. You increased rates; are there other items there that moved that around? I think you were also doing some increased CapEx. I was trying to understand the dynamics that went into that occupancy drop. What trends you’re seeing going into this quarter at the end of last quarter that would change the view about that occupancy drop?
Raymond Lewis: Dan, this is Ray. So, you’re right. The occupancy drop is sort of consistent with historical seasonal patterns. NIC did not report the same type of impact. I think when we look across our portfolio, we did push rate pretty strong this year and had some good success with it. So that could have a muted effect on move-ins. Obviously, we had some weather this year that made traffic decline a little bit. We had some more move-outs as a result of the flu season and some higher debt rates in the communities, and those are really I think the contributing factors to the change in occupancy in our portfolio.
Daniel Bernstein – Stifel Nicolaus: But nothing unusual, nothing kind of the ordinary. All right. One last quick question, I’ll jump off. On the sale of the SNF assets that are now re-leased and came through to other tenants, is that including part of that breakeven of NOI that was quoted in the press release, or is there some additional – as you reinvest that – it doesn’t include the reinvestment of those proceeds?
Raymond Lewis: No, it does not, but the reinvestment returns on that are not going to be material.
Operator: Karin Ford, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Could you provide us a little more detail on the $100 million that you’ve got under contract for the second quarter and you said it’s not additional hospital acquisitions, but could you just talk about what’s included in that?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, it’s a couple of investments that are kind of ordinary course, kind of 6% to 7% yield, senior housing and other…
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Senior housing?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: The triple-net portfolio grew same-store NOI over 4% this quarter. That seems above sort of typical normal escalator levels. Can you just talk about what caused the number to be that high?
Raymond Lewis: It’s Ray. You’re right. I mean, our triple net portfolio typically grows between 2% to 3% annually and I think as you look forward through the balance of the year, that’s probably where we’re going to end up. We always, as part of our normal course of business are working with our tenants to create win-win solutions which generates fees and other payments for us. We had a few more of those in the first quarter this year. So, 2% to 3% growth accounts for most of it and then some additional fees and rent increases this year.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: How much of it was one-time fee related?
Debra Cafaro: Well, it’s not one-time, I would say. It’s a ordinary course of our ongoing business and some of that is, as Rick talked about, I think we had some items that might add up to about $0.01. I don’t know if all those were in the triple-net portfolio. They’re kind of across the board, but not more than that.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And then last question, I just wanted to get more detail on what you think was driving the pick-up in medical office leasing in the first quarter. Do you think it had something to do with the enrollment surge, the success of the ACA, just what’s driving that?
Raymond Lewis: Karin I think you’re right. I think, there feels like, and Todd can talk to this as he’s out talking to the health systems that there’s a lot more optimism about patient flow coming from the ACA and I’ll let Todd talk about that.
Todd Lillibridge: Yes Karin this is Todd. I think there’s, believe it or not, little more certainty than there has been over the last 12 to 24 months. The doc fix has obviously been pushed out another 12 months. There continues to obviously be a fair amount of consolidation but, as that consolidation continues to occur and practice, kind of musical chairs as we would call, begin to settle down and practices begin to form larger groups. I think we’re seeing, as Ray pointed out, more activity not only on leases executed but also just LOIs issued. So we, on a trailing three quarter basis, we’re seeing more activity today, and we obviously believe it’ll translate into a pickup in occupancy, but I think also as Ray pointed out, we’re also seeing a strong increase in rate at 3%. So, to be able to push rate in this environment, we think is very good. So, we’re optimistic.
Operator: Todd Stender, Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: Ray, I think you said your rents within the 55 newly released SNF assets in the Kindred portfolio would be fully recovered. Is that over the life of the lease, I just wanted to get a sense of where the rents are relative to where they were?
Raymond Lewis: No, Todd. It’s in the first year and it’s important to note that it’s in combination with the transactions that we did with Kindred last year. So you remember Kindred had a $15 million rent increase last year. When you add these transactions together, we are fully replacing the rent that Kindred would have otherwise paid us in 2015.
Debra Cafaro: And beyond. I mean, I think…
Raymond Lewis: Right, and beyond.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So, it’s a very, very favorable outcome.
Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: I don’t know if I missed this, how many operators are going to be taking over those 55 assets?
Raymond Lewis: So, we’ll have eight operators and it’s a mixture of new and existing relationships. Three of them are existing relationships and we’ve got five new relationships so, the benefit of diversification with the added benefit of growing some new relationships.
Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: How would you stack up the credit, I guess, of these eight operators relative to what Kindred was?
Raymond Lewis: Well, Kindred is a large public operator. I would characterize these credits as very consistent with other credits in our portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: They’re principally private, regional operators with good in-market presence and good care.
Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: Just wanted to get a sense of the seasonality or potential seasonality I guess with the Atria and Sunrise operating portfolios. As we kind of head into the spring, just since Q1 same-store growth was in the mid-4% range, but according to your guidance, it could get as high as 6%. Just seeing how much of a potential ramp there could be. Any thoughts around that?
Raymond Lewis: Well, so when you look at historical seasonal patterns, Todd, the occupancy typically declines through the first quarter into the second quarter and starts to head up through the third quarter, and then sort of plateaus towards the end of the third quarter and stabilizes through the fourth. Those are typical historical patterns if those hold true again this year. That’s what we would expect to see in the occupancy of the portfolio.
Operator: Omotayo Okusanya, Jefferies.
Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies: In regards to questions, first of all, the senior housing operating platform, just going back to that for a second, when I take a look at just trends for the same-store revenue growth, it’s been slowing somewhat in the past few quarters, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about that, whether it’s really the rent growth piece of that or that’s kind of slowing whether it’s the occupancy piece of that, that’s slowing and how we should be thinking about that for the rest of 2014?
Raymond Lewis: I mean, I think the historical trend over the last three quarters in the same-store portfolio has been in the mid to high 4% and it’s been fairly stable in that regard. I think, as I’ve said last quarter, we had shifted gears on redevelopment and we’re waiting for some of that redevelopment now to move through the pipeline and come online and I think that’ll provide some acceleration and growth. I think we see, typically as I said, some improvement throughout the year as occupancy ramps historical seasonal patterns and so, that’s what we’re looking at. I think our expectation remains 4% to 6% same-store growth this year and we’re comfortable with the guidance we’ve provided.
Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies: Which is helpful, I guess, but the numbers I’m looking at – when I look at – I 100% agree with everything you’re saying on the same-store total number, but when I just take a look at the same-store stabilized portfolios or just excluding any of the lease up from any of the assets of the stabilized assets, that’s a little bit, what I’m kind of looking at a little closer in regards to revenue – same-store revenue growth associated with the stabilized assets.
Raymond Lewis: Well I guess I would have to get back to you on that, Tayo, because I don’t have that in front of me.
Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies: Second question, going back to the U.K., could you just talk a little bit – I know you made some comments about reimbursement in the U.K. it’s been stable for the past few years, majority of it is NHI or national healthcare program that they have out there, but could you just talk a little bit about just how much of that is private pay in the hospitals that you bought? In regards to your targeting new assets in the country, is it really mostly in your housing you’re looking at. Is it more hospitals you’re looking at or combination of both?
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think we are looking at healthcare real estate and senior housing in the U.K. in terms of the private hospitals. Obviously, these are privately owned hospitals. At least half of the revenue base is private and the remainder is funded via a very interesting system they have there, called Choose and Book where you can basically go online and book your knee replacement and the government will fund that to improve the timeliness of treatments that they’re paying to the private hospital providers and so it’s a very good mix, a very good system, yes. So we’re going to have to accelerate here a little bit. I think, Tayo, do you have anything else and then we have time for one or two more questions.
Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies: Absolutely, I appreciate it. Just one more question in regards to, again, this has been going on for a couple of months, but there’s still a lot of speculation so to speak about, at some point the big three becomes the big two or even the big one, and there have been a couple of management changes at some of the big three. I mean, Debbie, when you kind of just think about the overall landscape, in your mind, do you still think that world exists where 12 to 24 months from now, we could be talking about the big two or the big one instead?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that in our case, it would be the little ones. What I would respond is that we are constantly reviewing as we’ve talked about here globally, domestically, et cetera any and all opportunities to enhance shareholder value at Ventas, and we think we have a great track record of doing that and we hope to continue that track record. As to any specific expectations, I think it’s best to just move on.
Operator: Michael Carroll, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets: I just have one quick question. With regard to the U.K. hospital market, what’s the primary growth driver that’s going to allow, I guess, these assets to cover the 3% rent on? Is it through rate or is it through patient volumes?
Debra Cafaro: It’s through both.
Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets: So was the inpatients, I guess, rates through the U.K. hospital market; are they similar to the U.S. or are they different?
Debra Cafaro: In these hospitals the per day rates are reasonably similar for similar activities.
Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets: So we should see more volume growth in the U.K.?
Debra Cafaro: I mean these hospitals are humming. They’re in great areas. They have leading market share and – are very well regarded, and so we expect to see continued volume expansion.
John Cobb: Yeah, we have more than two times cover.
Operator: Emmanuel Korchman, Citi.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: If we’re looking at sort of the deal in the U.K., are you – or maybe if you do a larger deal offshore, how do you think about hedging and would you hedge it or – are you comfortable with currency risks?
Debra Cafaro: I think that, one thing I would say is that both for tax and FX purposes, we have pretty advanced and expert in-house knowledge. We’ve obviously been international since 2007 and we have, again, great international technology that we’ve had for a long time; part of that is FX, and I would expect that we would and have generally hedged either through borrowing and local currency or other kinds of products. Hedge about half of the cash flows to mitigate any changes in local currency and where those hedges end up flowing through our income statement can depend on what kind of hedges there are, but net-net, we’re looking at trying to hedge our net kind of normalized FFO regardless of that geography and we would expect to do that with this investment as well.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Then, staying on the global topic for a second. In the past, you’ve always said that you wanted to get comfortable with the market, get a foothold, small deals followed by bigger deals. Is that likely the way that we should expect you to play in the markets, or if there was a big deal in one of these markets and we spoke about Australia, Canada, U.K., wherever that be, would you do a big deal without being in the market first?
Debra Cafaro: If we believe in our investment thesis, I would say that one of the big benefits we’ve had is the capital allocators to be a little bit ahead of the curve, and so, if we’ve done our work and we feel confident in the operator, the market and the investment thesis, we would be willing to do a significant transaction. And we also could use the model that we’re doing in the U.K. where we make kind of a beachhead investment and then look to expand that investment over time. I think we’re confident that we could do either of those models as we target the selected geographies where we think there’s good risk-adjusted return.
Emmanuel Korchman – Citi: Great. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. There aren’t any further questions and so we’ll wrap up the call on behalf of all my colleagues. I want to thank you sincerely for your continued interest in Ventas and your support of the Company. We look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lori B. Wittman - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations
Analysts:  Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup Nick Ullico - UBS Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2013 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lucy and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lori B. Wittman: Thank you, Lucy. Good morning and happy Valentine's Day. Welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the year and quarter ended December 31, 2013. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We thank you for joining Ventas' year-end 2013 earnings call. Ventas had another outstanding year in 2013 and I'm excited to share the highlights with you today. We remained focused on delivering consistent superior results for our shareholders. Following my overview of 2013 and our initiation of 2014 earnings guidance, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio results and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial performance. We'll be happy to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. Ventas' outstanding performance in 2013 showed our ability to execute our strategy consistently, manage risk proactively, invest accretively, refinance opportunistically and run our assets productively. Now we are $28 billion enterprise with a diversified business model, fantastic balance sheet, nearly 1,500 productive senior living and healthcare assets, and expected NOI of $1.8 billion. Here are some of our notable achievements for the year. Total normalized FFO topped $1.2 billion. Normalized FFO per fully diluted share grew 11% excluding non-cash items and 9% on a reported basis. Yearly cash flow from operations increased more than 20% to $1.2 billion. We generated over $300 million in free cash flow after dividends and capital expenditures. In 2013, we increased our dividend by 10% while maintaining a 67% payout ratio, the strongest in our sector. We delivered excellent same-store cash flow growth in 2013 by managing our assets productively. Company-wide, our same-store cash NOI growth was 5% in 2013, including 6% in our Atria and Sunrise managed communities. We invested about $1.9 billion during the year with the lion's share invested in stabilized high quality private-pay senior living communities and medical office buildings with new tenants and existing relationships. We also allocated about $100 million to development and redevelopment in 2013. Our return from the acquisitions exceeded 7% and our redevelopments are underway to providing future growth. We continued our opportunistic and effective capital strategy in 2013, raising $5 billion in debt and equity. At year-end, our borrowing cost improved to 3.8% and our weighted average debt maturity lengthened to seven years. From a governance and enterprise reliability standpoint, we continue to benefit from a strong and cohesive Board of Directors and an enduring commitment to integrity and transparency. Consistent with our principles, we are pleased to provide enhanced supplemental disclosure this quarter, as promised. In sum, Ventas produced exceptional high quality and sustainable results in 2013. We believe that growing cash flows at increasing levels year after year while maintaining financial strength and flexibility will protect and increase equity and franchise value for our shareholders, We intend to execute on those principles once again in 2014. Today, we are initiating 2014 normalized FFO guidance of $4.31 to $4.37 per diluted share. This range represents 5.5% to 7% year-over-year growth in normalized FFO per share, excluding non-cash items and unannounced investments. Finally, let's talk about the external environment. Our business is at the center of many gigantic secular trends in the U.S. and the world. One is the ageing demographic of course with both baby boomers and the over 85 population growing at a rapid rate. Another trend is the overall growth in healthcare spending. A third is the increased access to our healthcare delivery system initiated by the Affordable Care Act. And a final important trend is the increasing change, consolidation and integration of healthcare providers and segments. As capital partners to our important customers who are on the frontline of delivering quality care to residents and patients in myriad real estate settings, we continue to see wonderful opportunities for Ventas to grow and deliver value to both our customers and our shareholders.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Our balanced and diversified portfolio of 1,473 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties turned in another strong performance in 2013 delivering same-store full year-over-year cash NOI growth of 5%. Excluding the $20 million cash payment received from Kindred in the third quarter, our full year cash NOI growth was 3.4%. Same-store cash NOI growth for the fourth quarter of 2013 versus the fourth quarter of 2012 was 4.4% and notably all segments were up sequentially. I'll break down this strong performance by property type, starting with our seniors housing operating portfolio. 2013 was another year of strong performance in our seniors housing operating communities. At year-end, we had a total of 237 properties in our seniors housing operating portfolio, and during the year, we acquired 16 new high-quality assets, all of which are managed by Atria. For the 195 properties that we own for both the full year of 2012 and 2013, occupancy increased by 130 basis points, REVPOR grew by 3.5% and cash NOI growth was 6% for the full year 2013 versus 2012. During the second half of the year, we ramped up the redevelopment activity in our seniors housing operating and triple-net portfolios. At year-end 2013, we had 18 redevelopment and development projects totaling a little over $200 million approved or under-construction, and we have another $200 million in the pipeline of projects we are currently evaluating. In addition, we are pleased to provide 2014 NOI guidance on our seniors housing operating portfolio of between $488 million and $500 million. On a same-store basis, we expect between 4% to 6% NOI growth. Finally, as you can see from our enhanced disclosure, NOI from seniors housing operating assets that have new construction within a three mile radius is between 2% and 3% of our total NOI. Next, I'll turn to the performance of our triple-net leased portfolio which is diversified across 907 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. The 822 long-term triple-net leased assets we own for all of 2013 and 2012 delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 4.7%, including the previously mentioned $20 million paid by Kindred, and 2.2% excluding it. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple-net leased portfolio for the third quarter of 2013, the latest available information, was strong and stable at 1.6 times. Coverage in the seniors housing triple-net portfolio and skilled nursing triple-net portfolio also remained stable at 1.3 times and 1.7 times respectively. As you can see from our enhanced disclosure, leases with a 1.1 times coverage or better represent the vast majority of our triple-net rent, about 99%. Conversely, less than 1% of our total annualized NOI comes from leases with under a 1.1 times coverage and the weighted average lease maturity of that small amount of annual rent is six years. Occupancy in our triple-net leased seniors housing portfolio increased by 160 basis points year-over-year and 130 basis points sequentially. By comparison, net reported seniors housing occupancy increased 50 basis points and 30 basis points respectively for the same periods. As previously announced, we reached a mutually beneficial agreement with Kindred on the 108 assets whose lease term expires September 30, 2014. Under that deal, Kindred renewed 48 of the 108 facilities at a $15 million increase in annual rent and we received $20 million in prepaid rent. As a result, we have already replaced 67% of the rent that is expiring and we are extremely pleased with our re-leasing process on the remaining 60 skilled nursing facilities. We began the leasing process in the third quarter and significant progress has already been made. We have completed the bidding and due diligence phases, identified replacement operators, and are currently in lease negotiations for substantially all of these assets. We expect to complete substantially all of the transitions by year end. We still believe that the net impact of all of these events will fall within our original expectations of plus $3 million to minus $9 million of NOI in 2015. Before turning the call over to Rick, I'd like to provide a few comments on our medical office business consisting of 309 consolidated properties accounting for 17% of our annualized NOI. Same-store cash NOI growth for the 184 properties that we owned for both the full year of 2012 and 2013 was an excellent 3.7%. Same-store annual growth would be even higher at 3.9% if we included the Cogdell Spencer portfolio and the joint venture assets that we bought out in 2012 in a same-store pool of 287 MOBs. 2013 was a year in which we used best practices across the portfolio to benchmark performance, focus on expense control, push rate and drive margins. Margins in the same-store stabilized portfolio was 67% in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared with 64% in the fourth quarter of 2012, a 300 basis point improvement. We are also continuing to drive scale and consistent performance in our management business by internalizing our third-party managed assets where appropriate. During 2013, we brought 1.2 million square feet of property management in house to our Lillibridge property management business. As the largest owner of MOBs in the country, we can take advantage of our scale and platform to continue to drive NOI growth. So, once again, our balanced and diversified portfolio turned in a strong year across the board in 2013. And for 2014, we expect our total portfolio to show same-store cash growth between 3% and 4%, driven by our seniors housing operating portfolio at 4% to 6%, MOBs between 3% and 4%, and our triple-net portfolio ranging from 2% to 3%. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. I'd like to focus first on activities during the quarter. Cash flows from operations in the fourth quarter were $359 million, up 27% from the fourth quarter last year. In December, we entered into a new $3 billion unsecured credit facility comprised of a $2 billion revolver priced at 100 basis points over LIBOR and a $1 billion term loan priced at 105 basis points over LIBOR. The loans mature in 2018 and 2019. Proceeds were used to pay down existing unsecured floating-rate debt. In the fourth quarter of 2013, normalized FFO was $1.06 per diluted share, an increase of 7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 per share results of $0.99. Normalized FFO increased 7% to $314 million compared to last year's fourth quarter of $294 million. For the year 2013, normalized FFO was $4.14 per diluted share, an increase of 9% compared to 2012 per share results of $3.80. Normalized FFO increased 9% to $1.2 billion compared to last year's $1.1 billion. Our fully diluted share count rose slightly in 2013. For the year, cash flow from operations were $1.2 billion, up 20% from the previous year. Dividends totaled $802 million producing a net of $393 million available to invest. For the year, we had $1.9 billion in real estate investments including acquisitions, development and loans. During the year, we received loan payments and disposition proceeds of $358 million. The yields on these investments was 8.6%. Proceeds were redeployed into 2013 acquisitions. Our average cash interest rate improved 30 basis points to 3.8% at December 31, 2013 compared to December 31, 2012, and we have been able to lengthen our weighted-average weighted debt maturities to nearly seven years from six years last year. At year-end, our credit stats remained outstanding with net debt-to-pro forma EBITDA at 5.5 times, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4 times, and secured debt to enterprise value of 10%. In December, S&P upgraded us to BBB+ from BBB, bringing all three agencies to a similar rating. Our revolver balance at year-end was $376 million. Currently, our debt to enterprise value is 33% and we have $1.8 billion in liquidity. We are initiating our 2014 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $4.31 to $4.37. It represents per share growth of 5.5% to 7% excluding non-cash items. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions or dispositions. Operator, if you would, please open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: Just a question on the [indiscernible] guidance, would it be possible to break down your expectations for same-store growth for the portfolio with and without, I guess I know with developments, but what's the growth expected on an NOI basis without developments and sort of what are the driving pieces in terms of occupancy and rate growth?
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. So with respect to occupancy, sort of the midpoint assumes that occupancy would increase on average throughout the year about 80 basis points over 2013. Rates would be around a 3% increase. The redevelopment, as we mentioned in the script, we have geared up our redevelopment. The good news for that is we're trying to pump for future growth, but as we increase the amount of redevelopment activity, obviously there will be some units that will come off-line. The net impact of that next year would be probably a reduction in the order of maybe $3 million or so of NOI.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: Okay, great. On the dividend, you obviously increased in the fourth quarter about 10% annualized number, should we be thinking of any incremental bumps in this calendar year or sort of what are you thinking in terms of addressing the dividend in terms of timing within a year on a go forward basis?
Debra A. Cafaro: Great question. Yes, we did increase our dividend in the fourth and continued that increase into the first quarter of this year, and as you know, we think the dividend is an important part of our total return proposition and have increased it on a 10% compounded basis over the last 10 years. Because our payout ratio is very, very strong at 67%, we do have room to continue to increase and our Board will be looking at that as we always do on a quarter by quarter basis.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: Great, and just I guess the last question, have you seen any sort of pickup in penetration levels in terms of seniors housing demand, maybe any tick down in the average age of people coming into the communities?
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. No, we haven't seen necessarily a change in the penetration rate or the average age. Obviously as the economy improves, spending generally will pickup and we have seen as the housing market has improved, a continued improvement in the seniors housing market, but with respect to penetration rates or average age, we're not seeing any change there.
Debra A. Cafaro: I do think you're really on to something. So as a secular trend, I think we will see over time increased penetration rates in addition to increased demographics. So that will be a very positive demand trend for our business.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: Great, thanks. And you quickly – sorry for the last question – you just mentioned the supply data and I think you quantified it at 2%, but just trying to get some context of how that was – that number came about, how that was calculated for the…?
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. One comment is, it is important to note that we are projecting and [Nick] (ph) is projecting positive absorption in seniors housing into 2014 and that's very important. I'll turn it over to Ray just to talk about the specifics.
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, if you look at be enhanced disclosure that we've provided in the supplemental this quarter, you'll see that we've actually laid out the amount of NOI that has construction within a three mile radius, and that on our total NOI base is less than 2%.
Juan Sanabria - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for the additional disclosure on the senior housing portfolio. Are there any markets that you guys are currently in that you're particularly encouraged about that have stronger fundamentals and are there any particular like MSAs in general that supply does worry you?
Debra A. Cafaro: Mike, thanks for joining and I appreciate the comment on the enhanced disclosure. I do want to take a minute to share with our investors and analysts that we've had a team of great people here at Ventas working very hard to provide you with that additional disclosure and information and I want to thank them and it's been a big effort here at Ventas on your behalf. So in terms of markets where we really like the supply/demand fundamentals, I'm going to turn it over to Ray.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean I would point you to the very first market in the list which is New York, which accounts for 22% of our total NOI. Within a three-mile radius of our properties in that densely populated marketplace, there is really only one property under construction and with 213 units. So we feel very bullish about that market and our assets in that market as an example.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: Are there any markets where I guess supply concerns you, maybe Dallas?
Raymond J. Lewis: Dallas and Houston are the two markets where there is the most supply going on. Again, I think if you look at our properties in those markets, there are buildings that are being constructed around our properties, but when you look at the income statistics and the household, the home value statistics within our rings, our markets are very strong from those perspectives.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, and one of the parts to the disclosure too talked about unemployment and population growth, and if you look at Houston for example, those are off the charts in terms of positives.
Raymond J. Lewis: Exactly.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: Then how much does memory care supply really impact assisted living in the course?
Raymond J. Lewis: It's a different product type. I think you're pointing that out correctly. It's the most neat driven product of the seniors housing continuum. It's also been the most underserved product in the seniors housing area traditionally. So it's a highly specialized business for people that need specific services relating to dementia and the assisted-living product itself is more for the frail but mentally cognitive elderly. So there is I think a progression from assisted living into Alzheimer's but I don't think there is a direct crossover because of the specialized nature of the Alzheimer's services.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, and then fortunately, given the fact that our population is living longer and longer, the growth in the Alzheimer's population is also quite high.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then can you give us some color on the interest you're receiving from the 60 expiring skilled nursing facilities, is there more interest for sales than renewals? And then, Ray, I believe you said this transaction would be completed by year-end but doesn't that lease expire on September 30?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, it does, and we would expect to have the vast majority of the assets transitioned by the expiration of the lease looks minimal, potential hold-over depending upon regulatory processes. And then with respect to the interest in the buildings, we've had a lot of interest in the process. This time around I would say we've had a little bit more interest than we had last time from both existing tenants and new relationships. The process has moved very quickly, we have gotten our site inspections and diligence done, we've made significant progress for negotiating as I said with identified tenants for the properties. So this has been a good process where we've been able to leverage what we learned from the last process to move it along quickly. And then finally, I believe you asked about sales versus leasing, we may sell a couple of buildings but the vast majority of the portfolio is targeted for re-leasing.  
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman from Citi. Please proceed.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: It's Manny. Debbie, in your opening comments, you talked about these four gigantic secular trends and I can recognize the deal activity can be lumpy. I also recognize that you like to manage risk, stay disciplined and so that's a gating factor sometimes to Ventas potentially executing transaction activity. But I'm just curious for your thoughts on the overall deal environment. 4Q was light overall, was obviously light relative to the rest of the year. Can you sort of give us a little bit more color on potentially what you see occurring over the next couple of months?
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure, Michael. I mean I think that we really love our business and I think that over time we have demonstrated again and again our ability to get more than our fair share of the acquisition opportunities in a very large and growing sector and I continue to feel very confident about that as we look forward. I would say that you really hit on it when you said, acquisitions are lumpy and the timing is impossible to predict, and so that is why we don't predict our volume or timing. But we've got a great team and a great cost of capital, we're in a great sector where we have different segments where we can allocate capital intelligently at the right time and in different cycles and hopefully create value for our shareholders, and at the end of the day that's what's it's all about. And again, I feel very confident in our team's ability to go out there and take care of business.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: Is it seller expectations in terms of pricing or is it buyers expectations about where they want to buy at, that's causing a little bit of a freeze in the overall market?
Debra A. Cafaro: One thing I would say is that we have a good pipeline, we are continuing to work on things, I wouldn't characterize it exactly the way you did, and again I do think it's timing and there has been – when you look at the market, I would say our asset types are attractive for the characteristics that they provide, whether it's MOBs or senior housing or other parts of our business, and those cap rates have stayed relatively steady or even have compressed a little bit. We still have a great cost of capital as I said. And so, over time we're going to continue to I think make value creating acquisitions and we are working on things now, but again timing and volume are yet to be spoken about.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: Okay. On HCP's call, they talked about getting more comfort on Europe and that potentially being an area of focus for them in terms of transaction activity, whether it would be fee or the financing side. I'm just curious about, certainly you have global being in Canada, but would you have any interest and is that sort of transaction activity that you're working on?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the exciting part of our business is that we have tremendous domestic opportunities that we think we will continue to take advantage of, but we also have the opportunity to go global. Many of the trends here obtain abroad as well and we have worked on international transactions over the past years and we have a high hurdle for those kinds of transactions, but we do work on them and we'll continue to do so, and if we find a transaction we think will provide good risk adjusted return and a channel for continued growth, then I think you will see us execute on that.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: Okay, great. Just last question, you have in your guidance this $34 million asset that's subject to a pre-existing purchase option arguably at a very high yield. Just remind us how many other assets or how much NOI or how much GAV potentially is tied to purchase options so that we're thinking about that piece of the enterprise correctly?
Debra A. Cafaro: We'll do, yes. That's an old NHP purchase option that we were aware of of-course when we acquired the company. We have a limited number of these purchase options. I do think what's important if you look at the press release is, we have that purchase option and then we had some loan repayments and other sales that were at about an 8.5% yield during 2013, and our ability to continue to grow and reinvest in the face of that I think is quite good and quite extraordinary. And so we don't have anything material at all other than the one that we called out in the press release.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Ullico from UBS. Please go ahead.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Going back to the senior housing portfolio, could you just talk a little bit about, if I look at the stabilized same-store portfolio in the fourth quarter, occupancy was down about 50 basis points, could you just talk a little bit about what happened there?
Raymond J. Lewis: It's actually kind of a normal trend in the fourth quarter as you get to the holidays that people will not be moving their parents into seniors housing. I think the last couple of years as our portfolio has really outperformed the rest of the market, we bucked that trend, but this is a pretty normal trend that you would have, stable to declining occupancy slightly in the fourth quarter.
Nick Ullico - UBS: And then just turning back to the guidance…
Debra A. Cafaro: Nick, just for your question, the same store total sequentially was 91.6% to 91.7%.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Right, I was referring to the year-over-year being down in stabilized.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Actually I guess you raised occupancy quarter-over-quarter which – but I was wondering if there was something going on in the fourth quarter of 2012.
Debra A. Cafaro: I don't even think it's the same pool, so that's relevant as well.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Okay. Just going back to the guidance for this year, I think you said you expect rates to be up about 3% and you did 3.5% in 2013, and what I'm wondering is, as you're getting your occupancy up for your portfolio, what level of occupancy do you need to reach before you think you can push rates a little bit more? I mean on one hand I understand there's, if the industry has a certain amount of rate growth, that's been going on, but on the other hand I thought the story was that Europe properties, once they reach a certain level of occupancy, the Atria, Sunrise assets, that's when you could probably drive rate more. So I guess what I'm wondering is, how far off you guys think you are from that and why the rate growth in 2014 might be just a touch below what you did last year?
Raymond J. Lewis: Again, I think there's a lot of variables that go into creating our guidance. I would say our portfolio at approaching 92% occupancy is getting to the point where you can start to push rate and we have been doing that in markets where we have strength to do so. I would say that what I'm saying about guidance is really sort of a working assumption and is in fact a little bit higher than the working assumption we used for rates and guidance last year.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Okay, got you. And then just one last question is on the redevelopment that sort of as we think about the future redevelopment possibilities for the existing portfolio, what sort of dollar amount might be behind the – you have the $150 million underway in the operating portfolio today, I mean is there another $200 million, $300 million opportunity behind that with your existing portfolio or do you really need to do more redevelopment, do you really need to be buying more assets at this point?
Raymond J. Lewis: We've got a couple of hundred million dollars in the pipeline of redevelopment opportunities. There are still a number of attractive opportunities in the seniors housing operating portfolio that we haven't even begun to work on and then we've got our entire triple-net leased portfolio as well which we haven't mined to any material extent so far. And so that provides I think a very nice opportunity to go to our customers and markets where we think there are opportunities to invest in the assets and drive rate and occupancy, and that's going to be a big focus of ours this year.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Okay great, and I just want to make sure I heard correctly, when somebody asked about the redevelopment impact to same-store guidance this year, Ray, were you saying that it's actually it's going to be a reduction of NOI this year, or last year?. I was presuming it was more of a benefit.
Raymond J. Lewis: Remember Nick that we sort of – we've gone – we had a big amount of redevelopment a couple of years ago that we were undertaking. We moved through that. That provided a lot of growth in our portfolio. We shifted gears again this year. This year we did $100 million of redevelopment as Debbie described. We now have a couple of hundred million with another couple of hundred million in the pipeline. As you implement those redevelopment projects, you are taking units off-line, you are reducing NOI in those buildings, so that you can increase your growth rate in the future as you are able to refill those units at higher rates. So that's what that's all about.
Nick Ullico - UBS: Okay, got it. Alright, thanks everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please proceed.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital: Good morning and happy Valentine's Day to you all too. So just to start out, is there anything else that you're seeing in terms of the SHOP occupancy growth in the fourth quarter? Obviously a 10 bps of improvement quarter-over-quarter but I would have expected a little bit more since I think we were using average occupancy and I would imagine that the third quarter ended at a higher level. So I guess that's the redevelopment that way on it or are you seeing anything else?
Raymond J. Lewis: I would say the redevelopment would have had a marginal impact on it in the fourth quarter. I don't really have any other observation and a seasonal trend around the holidays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just to follow up on the Kindred re-leasing with the 60 [indiscernible] – thanks again for the additional details around the data points, that's great – I was curious of the talks around the long-term doc-fix are playing in the re-leasing discussions, and then how does the process play out after due diligence, is the next step rates and terms and then that gets us through October and then to the end of the year?
Debra A. Cafaro: First of all by the way congrats on your great call on Kindred, you've made investors a lot of money with their continued improvement. So in terms of process, what typically happens is there, as Ray said, diligence and site tours are done, you would be concurrently agreeing on financial terms and negotiating leases, and then once leases are signed, you go through the regulatory process.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital: Got you.
Raymond J. Lewis: I'm sorry, you asked about the impact of the doc-fix, we're not hearing anything from our potential tenants with respect to the doc-fix or other reimbursement changes. The properties continue to perform well and interest remains very high. I think with respect to the doc-fix, obviously there's a lot of uncertainty around the pay force and whether or not that would scuttle any kind of a deal in spite of the apparent savings that are embedded in the fix. So, we're not hearing anything from our tenants on that at this point.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital: Got you. And then maybe just a bigger picture question, as you're thinking about making new investments, if we get better visibility in the Medicare rates from the long-term fix, would that make you more excited about making new investments in skilled nursing?
Debra A. Cafaro: We are very consistent about our view in skilled nursing and what we've always thought is that it can be a very good risk-adjusted return investment if you do it out of good time in the cycle with a good operator and at the right pricing, and the right pricing would typically be where you may be coming out of the trough in Medicare reimbursement and looking, as you said, at better stability or even an overall multiyear increase in rates, that would obviously be ideal. They are low cost providers and important parts of the healthcare delivery system for seniors, and so we like that, but we do seem to – they do tend to have less visibility at all times around reimbursement and that has kept cap rates high. So, whenever we feel like we have good visibility and sustainable cash flows, we certainly would be willing to invest a certain amount of capital into high-quality assets with good operators in markets where the operators have good ties to hospital discharge planners and commercial payers.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital: Got you, that makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Theiler from Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Can we talk a little bit more about the same-store stabilized senior housing NOI growth, and I'm just looking at 4Q 2013 over 4Q 2012 to take any seasonality issues out of it? It looks like the NOI growth of your stabilized same store pool was about just under 3% and that's, if you look back the last few quarters, that quarterly year-over-year growth rate has been kind of like 5%. Can you talk about this deceleration, what's going on there?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean I think again going back to the fourth quarter of last year, we had a very strong fourth quarter of last year. I think occupancy was up 130 basis points sequentially and 360 basis points year-over-year. So I think there is a very strong comparison period there.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Okay. So I guess along those lines then, when you project out your guidance, I understand you're taking some properties off-line and that takes about $3 million away, so the properties that stay online, that are stabilized, what NOI – that you are not doing any readout for, what NOI growth would you expect from that pool within your guidance?
Raymond J. Lewis: 3% to 5%.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: 3% to 5% on just the stabilized stuff that you're not doing any readout for?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Okay. So shifting gears slightly to the supply, the data that you've put in there – and by the way, sorry, let me comment that I really appreciate the enhanced disclose, it's very helpful and it's really well done – on the supply data, you use a three-mile radius, is that the right number to be using when we think of competition coming into the market? I mean why is it three miles versus five miles and how do you come up with that number?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean I think we use a three-mile radius because all of our properties or substantially all of our properties in our seniors housing operating portfolio are in [indiscernible] infill urban and suburban locations where a three-mile ring is going to encapsulate a lot of population density. I think some markets may be a little more, some markets may be a little less, depending upon the density, but we believe this is a pretty good proxy given the composition of our portfolio.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Okay, so it's primarily just because your properties are in dense markets and three mile is going to encompass a lot of that population?
Raymond J. Lewis: That's right.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Alright, one last thing, on your new coverage tables, the triple-net leased coverage tables, if you were to put that on an EBITDARM basis using the standard assumptions that some of the other REITs use in terms of management fees, what percent of your NOI would you anticipate being at 1 or below on a coverage basis?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean first of all you have to look at the different asset types. In general in senior housing for example, if you look at profitability, that would move by maybe 5 to 15 basis points. Skilled nursing as you know is a little bit more because of the margins in that business. I think the important thing to note as we look at EBITDARM, and that is the most powerful way that operators look at coverages because there tends to be profit in that so-called managemency incrementally, so it really – it moves it again depending on the margin of the asset type, maybe 10 basis points on senior housing and maybe 20 basis points, 30 basis points on skilled, and so substantially all of the portfolio is very reliable on that basis.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Just a couple of quick ones and then kind of a bigger picture one. On the purchase option, the 11.2 NOI yield, for modelling purposes, is that what the cap rate we should use or should we use a larger or a smaller number, that's the lease yield, in other words the rent?
Debra A. Cafaro: That's a GAAP lease yield, that's what you should use for your model.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then, Ray, you mentioned $3 million of NOI comes out because really it's a redevelopment in the same-store analysis, but doesn't that also come out in the prior year or is that just one end of the equation, so you actually do see it [indiscernible]?
Raymond J. Lewis: If we had a steady-state pipeline, Rich, that would be true, but because the pipeline is growing, the incremental impact of growing the pipeline is the $3 million.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So it's a net decline of $3 million from one period to the other period?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I was going to ask the three-mile question but I was going to ask it a little bit differently. Do you have any statistics if you used five or 10 miles, what the difference would be or have you done that analysis?
Debra A. Cafaro: We look at three miles as being the most appropriate radius for the reasons that Ray stated. Staten Island, probably a-tenth of a mile for example, where we have our Sunrise asset. So it seems like an appropriate trade area and so that's why we focus on it.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Right, but I mean did you do the analysis for five miles and come up and do you have that number or did you just not go that way?
Debra A. Cafaro: We did the analysis for three miles.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Only three miles, okay. I was looking at the disclosure, and I agree it's excellent and thank you for this, but I do have a question on the same-store analysis on Slide 3, and a lot of moving parts in terms of the number of properties that are in the same store operating pool, the fourth quarter, and then there is a lesser number for the full year, would you give any thought going into 2014? I'm just keeping it static so we don't have a lot of these redevelopment questions and all that noise that kind of entered into the equation?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think on Page 3, it is the total. I'll confirm that here with my colleagues, but…
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: The same-store portfolio up-top.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, those are the same – those include everything because that's really I think at the end of the day the most useful.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So I see 195 properties in the Atria Sunrise and 197…
Debra A. Cafaro: That were owned the whole year of – this is an annual because we're doing the year-end call, it's annual, those are all the properties that were owned in that portfolio for the full year of 2012 and the full year of 2013?
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So why is it 197 in the top table then?
Debra A. Cafaro: We have two non-Atria, non-Sunrise assets that are in the materials, that why.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that's it. Okay, thank you for that. And then finally, the question on the guidance for the SHOP portfolio, 4% to 6%, what will be the factors to move it to the lower end or the higher end of that range? I know you're probably going to say, we are targeting 5%, but what would be a situation to go to 4%?
Debra A. Cafaro: We actually have that in here, we don't have to tell you.
Raymond J. Lewis: So Rich, as you know there are an unlimited number of like permutations you get on this…
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Just give me the top two, give me the top two.
Raymond J. Lewis: Probably the best thing to do is just isolate some variables and use those purely as the driver. So if occupancy was the only driver, you could go plus or minus 100 basis points on either side to stay in there – to get to the top and the bottom of the range or…
Debra A. Cafaro: If all else being the same, ceteris paribus.
Raymond J. Lewis: Ceteris paribus, yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: All else being equal.
Raymond J. Lewis: I'm going to give you some corners of the back.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, go ahead.
Raymond J. Lewis: If you isolate REVPOR, a 1% swing on either side would get you to the top or the bottom and then 50 basis points on expenses on either side.
Debra A. Cafaro: We got to keep rolling guys just so everybody has a chance to ask their question. Thank you.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I'm done. Thank you very much. Happy Valentine's.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Good morning everyone, also happy Valentine's Day. I just wanted to understand the senior housing operating platform, same-store NOI growth in 2013, when I look at all the quarterly numbers you're kind of in the low to mid 6s, but the year price is 5.6%. I know there were some tax credit issues from 2012 that creates some comparability issues but just wanted to kind of understand what the real number was on an apples-to-apples basis?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, so if you look at the same-store portfolio on a cash basis, full year to full year it's a 6% growth rate in NOI.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: It's a 6% [indiscernible], and that is just for the tax credit issue from 2012?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's just straight-up as-reported. If you look on the top of Page 3, that's the 6% number as-reported. There are no adjustments in that number for the full year.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Then the second question was along Michael's line of question about acquisitions, we kind of saw [indiscernible] do this very interesting deal in Boston, kind of curious whether you looked at it, again it's high-quality asset, it's MOBs, it's life sciences which we expect an interest in, and just kind of curious about your appetite for those kind of transactions going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: As one of the kind of leading investors in healthcare and senior housing properties, I think you really should assume that our team is kind of out there looking at pretty much everything, and as I talked about with Michael, I think we are very confident about our ability to execute this year on the investment front and we do have this great opportunity to look at different sub-segments and rotate capital to where we think we will create value through increasing cash flows at our acquisitions and/or increasing multiples.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Great, all right. Let me also just thank you all for the additional disclosure, I think it's fantastic.
Debra A. Cafaro: Our young guys are getting a big head here listening to all the [indiscernible], but they deserve it, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Happy snowy Valentine's Day at least on the East Coast, and I reiterate it what everybody said, the disclosure is very helpful. The only question I have on the supplemental is, when you – and don't roll your eyes, I'm not asking about SHOP stabilized anymore – but I'm just asking about the definition of SHOP stabilized. Does that include redevs or is it – what's your definition of stabilized when you do a redevelopment for Atria? Are the redevs in stabilized?
Raymond J. Lewis: No, those would be separated out. Once the property exceeds 90% occupancy and stabilizes, then it would be moved out of redevelopment and into the stable portfolio.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Does it matter what kind of redev you do, like if you close a big part of the wing or if it's a smaller portion, or just all redevs are out of stabilized?
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, it has to be material to get moved into redev and then once it's in redev, as Ray said, once it gets stabilized it gets into stable.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then also on the SHOP portfolio, looks like expenses jumped up in the quarter, I'm not sure if you addressed this earlier in the call or not, I may not have heard it, but I just wanted to understand…
Debra A. Cafaro: No, we didn't. I mean as Ray said, in the third quarter typically repair and maintenance and other type of expenses where the operators have budgets for the whole year that get under-spent early in the year, tend to get lumpy in the fourth quarter. We saw some of that, which again is pretty consistent with our experience and expectation.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, so would that $50 million or so of maintenance CapEx be a good number for 2014 and expected to stay about the same level or is it unusually high a little bit?
Debra A. Cafaro: What number you're referring to?
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: The maintenance CapEx, the recurring CapEx in the SHOP portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: In here?
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, I think it was like $65 million for the year. Where did I miss?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, obviously we've added more units into the portfolio, so it's going to increase. It's about 2,000 units and that's in the ballpark.
Debra A. Cafaro: 2050.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, just checking.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think it's a little lower than your number.
Daniel Bernstein - Stifel Nicolaus: All right, that's good. That's all I have. Thank you very much.
Debra A. Cafaro: We have time for just two more questions and who's next in line?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Deb, can you please comment on the media reports about potential merger discussions with another large healthcare REIT, what would be the rationale for a potential combination like that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, first of all we do not comment on rumors and that's our policy and we'll continue to follow that. I have had discussions with investors and happy to do so on a hypothetical basis. Every transaction has pros and cons, public to public mergers have pros and cons obviously. The true value of any transaction will depend upon what its financial terms are and then what the strategy, the team and the prospects for continued growth would be on – and synergies on a go forward basis. And at the end of the day, any public to public merger is a very, very low probability but there are pros and cons in terms of investment pieces, but at the end it all depends on the factors that I outlined.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks for that. Do you see any benefits to having any – to have an even greater scale than you currently have today?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the following, that some of the benefits of scale include ratings and cost of debt which are very highly correlated with the size and scale and diversification, and I would also say that if you think about healthcare REIT, I've always thought of us as kind of a third real estate, a third healthcare, a third finance, and typically to the extent that there is a finance component to the company, those companies do tend to benefit from scale. So that's how I would characterize it, Karin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Debra A. Cafaro: All right, so I do that and clean up this morning.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered but just a couple of big picture questions. I was hoping to hear your comments in general on the public non-trade REIT space. You mostly hear this group in the net leased sub-sector as a potential M&A target, but the numbers of entrants have definitely increased within healthcare. Are these large portfolios on your radar to acquire and really what are your general comments on the potential for increasing competition from these well-funded buyers?
Debra A. Cafaro: So you're talking about the non-traded REITs, I mean I think – as I said, our sector is large, it's growing, it's highly fragmented and there are lots of opportunities and we have always been – we have a track record of having executed our growth strategy in a very compelling way and we feel confident about our ability to continue to do that. Because of the attractiveness of our sector, I would say we've always had competition, that competition takes different forms in different times of the market, and our job is to see where the value creation opportunities are in any given market and that's where we are focused on for 2014.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. Then just one last quick one, just regarding the ATM, how do you determine the price to sell at? Do you guys look at it tied to NAV or spread to investment for new investments and how much of volume is assumed in your guidance for this year?
Debra A. Cafaro: We do not assume any additional capital raises in our guidance and we always view our shareholders' equity as a very precious resource and we hope to use that wisely and we use a variety of factors, including use of proceeds as a principal one, in determining how, when and what form of capital to raise, and we do believe that having excellent capital market raising capabilities is one of the most important things we can do as a successful acquisition and investment firm.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. So, we are going to close the call and I want to once again thank everyone for their interest in our Company and I can honestly say that with the strong relationships, our team, our cost of capital, our balance sheet, our track record and our focus, I am as excited about the future of Ventas as I was 15 years ago when I joined. We really look forward to seeing all of you in Florida and hope you have a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori B. Wittman - Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Lori Wittman
Analysts: Emmanuel Korchman Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2013 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ian, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lori B. Wittman: Thank you, Ian. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and the company's other statements -- other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and thank you for joining Ventas' Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. I'm happy to be hosting today's call with many of my Ventas colleagues in the room as we discuss the positive results of their terrific work. At Ventas, we're focused on delivering consistent, superior results. This quarter, our performance was strong as we executed across our 3 pillars of excellence, raising capital effectively, allocating capital wisely and managing our assets productively. Following my brief comments on our outstanding performance, our investment and other activities in the quarter, our increased guidance and the external environment, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial results. Following our remarks, we'll be pleased to answer your questions. Let's start with an overview of Ventas. At September 30, our pro forma NOI and enterprise value were approaching $1.8 billion and $29 billion, respectively, as we continue to execute our strategy of providing investors with consistent superior cash flow growth, coupled with financial strength and active risk management. At Ventas, we remain committed to playing offense and defense so that we can thrive and outperform over the long term. We also know that near-term results matter as well. This quarter, we reported record profits at $1.04 a share in normalized FFO. This represents growth of 10% per share compared to last year, excluding noncash items, and over 8% as reported. Equally important, year-to-date, we have already generated almost $200 million in operating cash flow after dividends and recurring capital expenditures. Turning now to capital allocation. Since July 1, we have closed nearly $1.3 billion in attractive, accretive private pay acquisitions. About $1.2 billion in our deals closed during the quarter, with a weighted average closing date about September 1. With the blended going in cash yield of about 6.25 and expected cash flow growth of 4% to 5% in the next few years, the first year reported yield on these investments approximates 7.3%. Here are some of the highlights of our investments. We invested about $360 million in 8 high-quality senior housing operating investments transitioned to Atria at the time of closing. We also invested just shy of $800 million in independent living triple-net leases with a new tenant. And finally, we allocated $120 million to medical office building investments. The 8 Atria-managed senior living communities we acquired contained 940 units, are 91% occupied and are located principally in the top 31 MSAs. Home values in the areas where these communities are located boast median family -- median single-family home values of over $325,000, which is 90% higher from the national median, and seniors represent a very high percentage of the local population. The triple-net lease independent living portfolio we acquired consists of 26 communities, containing 3,138 apartment-like units, principally in the top 100 MSAs. These assets are 94% occupied and generate over 50% EBITDAR margins. We project 2.3% compound annual growth in the senior population in these areas during the next 5 years, which is also higher than the national average. The 8 medical office buildings we acquired are high-quality assets located on the campuses of existing hospital clients that are single-A or better-rated hospital systems. They contain about 430,000 square feet and are 90% occupied. Turning to capital raising. We continue to be opportunistic and also defensive in the capital markets this quarter to maintain significant liquidity and financial strength while we grow. Since July 1, we have raised about $900 million principally in the fixed income market. Late in the quarter, we raised $850 million in debt capital at a blended rate of 3% and a weighted average maturity of 12.5 years. With this deal, we reduced our weighted average effective interest rate to 3.8%, materially lengthened and staggered our debt maturity schedule to almost 7 years, and maintained $1.6 billion in liquidity. At the same time, our balance sheet remains in terrific shape at 32% debt-to-enterprise value currently. Our third pillar of excellence is managing our assets productively. During the quarter, we completed excellent, proactive agreements with our customer, Kindred Healthcare, regarding our 2015 leases expirations, and we drove continued strong property level results through our large, diverse portfolio. As a result of all of our activities, we are very pleased to increase our full year normalized FFO guidance to $4.12 to $4.14 per share. At the midpoint of our upwardly revised range, our per-share growth would be 11%, excluding noncash items, and 9% on an as-reported basis. With the current dividend of $2.68 per share this year, our normalized FFO payout ratio is 65% of our new midpoint of guidance and 67% excluding noncash items. With this strong metric, we have the opportunity to continue our strong track record of dividend increases as we move into 2014. Finally, just a note on the macro environment. Our various healthcare and senior housing sectors continue to change, consolidate and converge at an incredibly rapid pace. We're actively engaged across the board on investment opportunities of all sizes and types. I continue to believe that the opportunities in our $1 trillion healthcare real estate market are immense, and that the investment dynamics in our sector remain constructive. With our team, cost of capital, track record, portfolio, relationships and intellectual capital, we feel confident about our ability to grow and create value. We are incredibly well-positioned to deliver consistent, superior results, capitalize on the dynamic healthcare and senior housing environment, and expand our excellent franchise. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ray Lewis.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. With the investment activity completed so far this year, our balanced and diversified portfolio now stands at 1,476 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties. Our productive portfolio delivered year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth of 4.2%, adjusted for a couple of out-of-period cash payments received in the third quarter of last year. Today, I will briefly run through some of the third quarter portfolio highlights, starting with our seniors housing operating portfolio. Our total SHOP portfolio now stands at 236 properties, as 9 new properties have -- were added to the SHOP portfolio since July 1, all managed by Atria. These best-in-class assets are in great locations around major metropolitan areas including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami and Sacramento. Occupancy in the 212 properties in our same-store portfolio increased by 110 basis points year-over-year, and occupancy in the 220 communities that we own in both the second and third quarters of this year was up 60 basis points sequentially. Occupancy growth in our same-store SHOP portfolio outperformed the growth reported in the NIC Top 31 MSAs by 60 basis points year-over-year and 30 basis points sequentially. REVPOR increased 3.6% in the same-store portfolio year-over-year and was stable sequentially. Variable expenses were higher in the third quarter over the second quarter due to increased occupancy, and fixed expenses increased due to seasonal utility costs resulting in some margin compression. This is a typical seasonal pattern, which we predicted on our call last quarter. Same-store NOI growth in the portfolio totaled 4.4% year-over-year. However, if you take out the previously mentioned property tax settlement received in the third quarter of 2012, year-over-year NOI growth normalizes to 6.2%. Finally, our new Atria development in Cape Cod, Massachusetts opened up this August. This state-of-the-art, 125-unit ILAL property is leasing up well ahead of schedule and is projected to be 50% occupied by the end of this month. We continue to actively redevelop both our shop and triple-net portfolios, and have a pipeline of terrific opportunities to expand existing buildings, add new programming and renovate units and common areas at above-average returns. We currently have nearly $150 million of redevelopment projects under construction in our SHOP portfolio, with another $200 million in the pipeline of potential opportunities to drive future growth. So our SHOP portfolio continues to perform well and meet our expectations for the full year. With the continued strong performance of the same-store portfolio and the 2013 SHOP acquisitions, we are providing a new 2013 NOI guidance range for our total SHOP portfolio of between $447 million and $451 million. This new guidance includes the impact of the 15 new properties acquired so far this year, as well as about 5% to 6% year-over-year NOI growth on an as-reported basis in the same-store portfolio for 2013. Next, I'll turn to the performance of our consolidated triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across 876 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. As a reminder, these long-term net lease properties produce steady cash flow with escalations, the majority of which are tied to CPI. Same-store cash NOI in the third quarter was up 2% year-over-year and 1.1% sequentially. Adjusting for some out of-period cash receipts in the third quarter of 2012, the same-store cash NOI growth rate is approximately 3.5%. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2013, the latest available information, was strong and stable at 1.6x. Coverage in the seniors housing triple-net portfolio and SNF triple-net portfolio also remains stable at 1.3x and 1.6x actively. Our seniors housing triple-net portfolio saw strong occupancy growth in the second quarter, increasing 100 basis points year-over-year and 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter, outperforming the NIC data for the same periods. As Debbie mentioned in her remarks, we are extremely pleased to have announced the favorable agreement with Kindred on the 2015 lease renewals. Kindred has agreed to release 48 properties and to increase rent by a total of $15 million beginning on October 1, 2014. With the completion of this transaction, Ventas has already placed $93 million or 67% of the $138 million of Kindred rent that was up for renewal in 2015. Kindred also made a $20 million upfront payment to Ventas in connection with these agreements. As part of this transaction, the companies agreed to accelerate the lease maturity date to September 30 of 2014, with the ability to transition sooner as new leases are executed. This is beneficial for both companies, allowing Kindred to accelerate their integrated market strategy and Ventas to immediately begin the releasing process. We are already in the market with the 60 properties. And like last time, we have received significant interest in these productive, cash-flowing properties. When completed, these transactions should have an immaterial impact on Ventas' 2014 and 2015 results and will improve our diversification, with Kindred representing just 6% of our revenues. I'd like to finish with a few comments on our medical office building. At the end of the third quarter, our consolidated MOB portfolio consisted of 310 properties, spanning nearly 17 million square feet and accounting for approximately 17% of our annualized NOI. These high-quality assets, of which 96% are on the campuses of or affiliated with highly-rated health systems continued their strong performance in the second quarter. Cash NOI for the 254 same-store properties was a solid 2.3% year-over-year in the third quarter. Performance was driven by a 2% increase in rates and a 70-basis-point increase in margins, offset by a 50-basis-point decrease in occupancy from budgeted move-outs in the third quarter of this year. Sequentially, cash NOI growth in the 301 properties same-store portfolio increased a strong 1.2%. Occupancy in the 287 stable properties, which we owned in both the second and third quarters of this year, was a solid 91.4%. We also continued to make good progress with our lease-up assets, with occupancy in our lease-up portfolio increasing 350 basis points versus last year. Finally, we continue to execute and deliver strong bottom line growth by driving rates and managing expenses at our medical office properties. During the third quarter, we completed the acquisition of 7 MOBs on the campuses of Chicago-area hospitals affiliated with the AA-rated Advocate Healthcare System. We now have 15 buildings with over 750,000 square feet affiliated with Advocate. This transaction further demonstrates the value of our highly rated health system relationships, while leveraging the scale and driving operating efficiencies in our Chicago market portfolio. So all in all, the portfolio turned in a very strong performance across the board in the third quarter, and we continue to focus on pursuing excellence in our asset management and portfolio operations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. Cash flows from operations were $328 million, up 32% from the third quarter last year. Dividends were $198 million, producing a net of $130 million available to invest. In the third quarter, we had approximately $1.2 billion in real estate investments. In addition to the cash flow, we raised $850 million in senior notes, with a weighted average interest rate of 3% and a term of 12.5 years, which helped fund our acquisitions. We also received proceeds of $86 million from asset dispositions, loan syndications and loan repayments. We issued approximately 375,000 shares, raising $24 million under our at-the-market program in addition to the $82 million raised in the first and second quarters. We assumed a mortgage debt of $115 million at 5.5% as part of the acquisitions, and paid off $143 million of secured debt at 5.5% with a GAAP rate 4.8%. With all of the sources of funds, we only borrowed $188 million on our revolver. Our revolver balance at quarter-end was $448 million. We currently have unrestricted cash of $63 million and over $1.5 billion in borrowing capacity available on our revolver. Now let me focus on third quarter results. We achieved our highest profitability ever this quarter. Third quarter 2013 normalized FFO was $1.04 per diluted share, an increase of 8.3% compared to the third quarter of 2012 per share results of $0.96. Normalized FFO increased 7.8% to $307 million compared to last year's third quarter of $285 million. Third quarter 2013 normalized FFO increased from last year's third quarter due to our last 4 quarter investments of over $2.7 billion, NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, a loan recovery and lower-weighted average interest rates, offset by higher debt balances from our acquisition activity, asset and loan sales and receipt of loan repayments. Our average cash interest rate improved 50 basis points to 3.9% at September 30, 2013 compared to September 30, 2012. And we have been able to lengthen our weighted average debt maturity to 6.8 years from 5.7 years compared to last year. Weighted average shares outstanding for the third quarter were 295 million shares, down 1% compared to the third quarter of 2012. At September 30, our credit stats remained outstanding, with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 5.6x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x, secured debt to enterprise value of 10%, and debt-to-enterprise value at 34%. On August 26, Moody's upgraded us to Baa1 from Baa2. We are currently rated BBB+ at Fitch and BBB+ by S&P. We are increasing our 2013 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $4.12 to $4.14, from $4.06 to $4.10. The midpoint increase is to $4.13 from $4.08. The midpoint results in growth of 9% in normalized FFO per share. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman at Citi.
Emmanuel Korchman: Maybe if we can talk about the deal that -- or the deals that you completed this quarter, how many of those encompass sort of the pipeline that you had coming out of 2Q? I believe that was $400 million pipeline. Or what happened to those deals?
Debra A. Cafaro: Those deals are in the $1.3 billion.
Emmanuel Korchman: And do you have a similar sort of pipeline number that you can share with us going forward?
Debra A. Cafaro: As you recall, we provided forward acquisition guidance last time for a specific reason; because we had raised the capital in the first quarter and we thought it was important to give you visibility into things that we had under contract because we essentially prefunded those with the capital raises that you could see. So typically, we do provide guidance in terms of forward earnings without additional acquisitions or capital transactions, and that's what we've done here. But I can assure you, as you could tell from my remarks, we continue to be very active and looking at potential investment opportunities.
Emmanuel Korchman: And then on the senior housing assets that were transferred to Atria, what kind of upside do you typically see in sort of that type of transfer from maybe a smaller operator to the Atria platform?
Debra A. Cafaro: Could you repeat the question, Manny? Sorry.
Emmanuel Korchman: I said, what kind of upside could we expect to see in -- whether it be that pool of assets or the assets you transferred to Atria the last time?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we have a competitive advantage when we acquired these kind of high-quality assets and transitioned them to Atria, because as you know, we own 1/3 of the management company and so we have a slight competitive advantage because we get essentially 1/3 of the management fee. But in addition, we're acquiring very high-quality assets and we would expect those assets to grow kind of 5% plus or minus 1% or 2%, depending on where we are in the market cycle.
Raymond J. Lewis: So -- and Manny, this is Ray. Part of the upside in these assets is that they are primarily independent-living properties, so the ability to add some additional programming as we move forward could drive some potential upside in those buildings. But that's down the road.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one's from Juan Sanabria of Bank of America.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just hoping you could give a little bit more of a color or breakdown on the deltas in the guidance for FFO, the $0.05 increase to $4.13. What was related to sort of the acquisitions you did at $1.3 billion. And if anything, what was related to the change, slightly lower I guess, range for the same-store SHOP portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, most of the fourth quarter and guidance increase is due to acquisitions or some other offsetting things, but those sort of come out in the wash. That was principally the benefit of the acquisitions and the very favorable capital raise that we did at the end of the third.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Now what drove the change on the high end of the SHOP same-store guidance? I'm assuming you knew about the third quarter '12 sort of onetime tax. So I'm just a little curious, given it seemed like occupancy was strong and the REVPOR was up, why the lower range for SHOP assets?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I think there's a couple of things that are going on there, Juan. One, we've got 3 redevelopments in the portfolio this quarter versus '12 last year. So we're sort of at a little bit of [indiscernible] in the redevelopment pipeline. But we're gearing that up, as I mentioned in my comments. I think Atria continues to perform very well. And a little bit of underperformance, perhaps, in the Sunrise portfolio, in Canada, in particular, where we had some FX as well, and that, I think, accounts for most of it.
Juan C. Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Do you see that sort of new range for the RIDEA portfolio a sort of a good run rate to assume over the medium term? And if possible, could you break out sort of the components, what would be an occupancy rate and a margin sort of component of that guidance?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think this range is pretty consistent with what we said when we originally acquired the portfolio -- the portfolios 3 years ago, when we said these things are going to run in the 4% to 7% range. So I mean, I think this is fairly consistent with what we've projected over the long run for these assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: And could you give Juan just a little bit of color in terms of how seasonality typically would work in the fourth quarter versus the third in the senior living business?
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure. So in the fourth quarter, what you'll typically see is declining occupancy throughout the quarter as you head into the holidays. I think typically, you'll see that people just aren't moving their family members into buildings around the holidays. And then there's always sort of a year-end rush to get some of the repairs and maintenance completed that have been scheduled, and that typically leads to little bit of margin compression in the portfolio. So we would expect that through the balance of the year, the properties will perform similarly to how they've performed in the third.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one's from Michael Carroll at RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys give us a little bit more color on the $800 million independent-living investment? And I'm sorry if you've mentioned this, but did you name the tenant and if there are expansion opportunities with that tenant?
Debra A. Cafaro: Mike, the tenant is named in our supplemental and it's a Holiday Retirement, which as you may know, is one of the largest senior living owners in the U.S.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And do you expect more, I guess, investments at that tenant going forward?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the good news about our business and our business model, and I touched on this a little bit in my remarks, is that almost all of our important tenant operators in the MOB business, the hospitals, they all own, in general, lots more real estate. And so I think whether it's our new tenant Holiday who we welcome to the fold or existing tenants, I do think there continues to be lots of opportunity to acquire real estate over the coming years.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then how will expanding the Atria platform impact your ownership position? I believe that managers' cash flows are relatively modest right now, but there's a lot of opportunities to add scale. Can we expect this to hit your P&L more meaningfully in the future as that continues to grow?
Debra A. Cafaro: It would be immaterial, but at the margin, it just does give us a little bit of a competitive advantage on assets that Atria can operate. And it helps them develop scale. As you mentioned, they're built to grow, and so that's important. And also, these assets were squarely in their existing markets, so that helps with the market concentration and penetration as well.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my last question be with regards to your development activity, can we expect $40 million of starts a quarter be a good run rate going forward?
Raymond J. Lewis: I think we've got, as I said in my remarks, about $150 million that's sort of under construction right now, and another couple of $100 million in the pipeline. That pipeline number has been fairly consistent. It's really going to depend upon what is sort of shovel-ready at any one point in time. But yes, I mean, I think based on that pipeline, that's a reasonable assumption.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. But it will kind of have -- because of permitting and things like that, like any development, it will ebb and flow. So a straight-line assumption is probably the best you can do, but it will inevitably be incorrect.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right.
Operator: We have another question for you, this one is from the line of Jack Meehan at Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to start with shop portfolios. Now that you're 91% plus occupancy, do you think there's room for additional pricing improvement on top of the 3.6% you reported this quarter? Is that ultimately some limit to that growth?
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I mean, I think as you start to get into the fully-occupied zone of 93%, 94%, that's when you can really start to test pricing, that's when you start to get waiting lists that will build up in your buildings and that's when you can really sort of push a little bit to see what the market can support. So I do think there's more pricing upside.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And do you think there's a range where that ultimately starts to plateau?
Raymond J. Lewis: The pricing?
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, no. I mean, I -- again, I think it's a supply demand equation right? So I think if you look at the marketplace right now, occupancies are pretty strong. And so we should be at a point where we can push pricing. So no, I don't think that's constrained in any way.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And just a follow on that. If you look at what seniors are getting in terms of the high-quality product, and if you assume maybe a cost of $5,500 or $6,000 a month for all your housing, insurance, maintenance, meals, et cetera, most of the seniors in, certainly in the areas where we talk about the -- where we have the assets in the shop portfolio can well afford the $72,000 a year for the 1 to 3 years that they may be living in these communities. So there's not a -- there's not pressure from affordability standpoint. In fact, I think they're quite affordable for the population that, that communities serve and actually are a great value proposition for those seniors.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then the range for the fourth quarter shop guidance is $4 million top to bottom, that's a little bit wider than we were last year. So I'm guessing, just what are you embedding that will get you the top end in that range versus the lower end? Is that really the development or the lease-up of the new Atria?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean, I think there are a number of things in there. One, if occupancy doesn't tail off and if the expenses don't materialize, you could find yourself at the top end of the range and vice versa.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from the line of Jeff Theiler at Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I had a question on the senior housing operating portfolio. Year-over-year expense growth was a little bit higher on the stabilized portfolio than we've seen in the past at 5%. Can you comment on what's driving that and kind of what your expectations are for expense growth and margins going forward?
Debra A. Cafaro: Was that year-over-year that you were asking about, Jeff?
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think when we looked at the numbers, one thing that did jump out is -- it was a pretty high utilities year this year, pretty hot summer. So that would be part of it.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think there was also a $1.7 million last year in the numbers that was out-of-period expense reduction, so that probably affected it as well.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then on the skilled nursing side, just looking at the occupancy. I understand the trend is for lower occupancy and skilled nursing going forward as you move to a higher acuity model, but the portfolio seems to be dropping pretty quickly and significantly below your peers' skilled nursing portfolios. Can you -- is that something you're concerned about or keeping an eye on, or what's going on there?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean, I think when you look at occupancy is, that is consistent with industry trends, generally. I think the coverage has remained stable. The operators are able to generate higher revenues per day from these post-acute short-stay patients, which are the primary cause of the occupancy drop. So look, I mean, we worry about everything, but as we look at the numbers, they seem to be pretty stable.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, along those lines, we've seen some of your peers start providing enhanced disclosure on their triple-net lease portfolios, either through heat maps or just stratifying the coverages in a little more detail so investors can get a better sense of what's underlying those summary statistics. Is that something that you would think about including in future disclosure?
Lori Wittman: Jeff, we are considering and looking at enhanced disclosure for the end of the year.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from the line of Rich Anderson at BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just a question first on Holiday. I'm curious why that -- was that a onetime -- like you did it all at once or does that kind of happen over the course of the quarter? I'm curious why we didn't hear about it until now? Was there a disclosure issue on their side or?
Debra A. Cafaro: It happened all at once. It was a single deal closing.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I know. I mean, that's kind of interesting right, we were all waiting to see what happens with Holiday. I'm just curious why you held back. Was there any legal issue why you held back?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we like to announce all of our activity in a single -- so everybody has contacts and transparency into all the different things that we're doing. So this is our big tada, so -- of everything in the quarter, so here it is.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I'm curious, when you think about your pipeline, which is obviously still active, how much is life science still represented in that pipeline, in your mind?
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we look at all the healthcare and senior living assets across the board and wouldn't exclude anything. But the pipeline itself is really across all asset types, I would say, including life sciences.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Do you have any change in your view about life science from past comments and conference calls?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think we've been very consistent about it. I could press Ray Lewis in the arm.
Raymond J. Lewis: I won't put you through it, Rich.
Debra A. Cafaro: He can say the same thing over again. But we think it's a good asset class. And if we ever found a good opportunity to invest, then we would.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. How much, if anything, did rising interest rates and your stock price moving over the course of the second quarter impact pricing of deals, your appetite for deals? Can you give us some color on that on -- this $1.3 billion that you've been able to achieve since July?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I'm glad you asked that. I think it's really important to put the whole cost of capital in perspective. As we -- we've had some volatility this year in the market, so I think we took an opportunity to step back a little bit and make sure that we were kind of building and managing the business with a realistic and consistent view of the world and the Capital Markets and our cost of capital. So while we love the market exuberance between March and May, we certainly don't build our business around that. And we believe that the environment for investing, when you take a good perspective on it, is still quite constructive. And we're continuing to lower our cost of debt, and we feel good about where we are in the world. I think it's very important to understand that we don't make decisions based upon a 2-month stock price. We make decisions based on -- and we manage the company based on a very consistent view of the world. And that's been very successful for our investors. As my mother said, don't get carried away, one way or another. So we try to really take a mature view of the markets despite kind of near-term phenomena.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then the last question for me is, and maybe for Ray. In your markets, from a senior housing supply perspective, are you getting any elevated concern looking out a few years about new development?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. So this is obviously been a big topic in the industry in the NIC calls. Look, I mean, I think over the long run everybody would agree that seniors housing is the best market demographically, it's where you want to be, that's where the growth is. But let's talk about the construction. As said earlier, I mean, we worry about everything. There's maybe 16,000, 17,000 seniors housing units under construction. And to put that in perspective, there are 17 million people over the age of 75. So it doesn't necessarily seem like a lot of construction, but as you point out, you kind of have to look market-by-market. And when we sort of bump our portfolio up against the markets that -- say the top 5 markets where you're seeing the largest increase in the percentage of the inventory, that's maybe about 3% of our total shop NOI. So we've said all along, our assets are in high barrier to entry, infill locations, that's true. That provides us with some insulation against the construction. But just like everybody else in industry, whether it's our existing portfolio or new acquisitions, we want to understand what's going on in our markets with respect to construction.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from the line Nick Yulico at UBS.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just going back to the Holiday deal. Could we get the annual escalators, the lease term and the coverage on that?
Debra A. Cafaro: We generally would say that the debt lease is going to be straight line because of the way it is structured, and that you could expect, since that's a big part of our $1.3 billion in acquisitions that we announced, that kind of near-term cash flow growth rate, which would really be the escalators, would be in that kind of 4% to 5% range, along with everything else.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So the escalators are somewhere in that 4.5% -- I'm sorry, 4% to 5% range. What about the lease term and the coverage?
Debra A. Cafaro: Nick, when you look at the $1.3 billion of acquisitions, if you look at it, what we said is, in the first couple of years we'd expect kind of 4% to 5% growth, and Holiday is a big component of that. So that's the way I would think about it, kind of altogether.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. What about the lease coverage and the term?
Debra A. Cafaro: The lease coverage would be relatively consistent with our existing senior housing triple-net portfolio.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and the lease term?
Debra A. Cafaro: 15 years.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: 15 years? Okay. So I mean, essentially that deal was a low 6-type going in cap rate, is that right, on a cash basis?
Debra A. Cafaro: Everything's about 6.25%, yes.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back there, I mean, if there's -- I mean, it's no secret that there's another -- we estimate about $6 billion of real estate still at Holiday, what's -- I mean, how are you guys thinking about that opportunity? I mean, this was clearly a portfolio of assets that they sort of wanted to do initially. I mean, would you be comfortable doing another sizable deal on a triple-net basis that's similar economics to what you got here?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well this is a very good portfolio. Again, 94% occupied, good EBITDAR margins, over 50%, we're very happy with the acquisition. And again, with all of our tenants and operators, they own -- or most of them anyway, they own significant amounts of additional real estate. And hopefully, if we do a good job and we think that they're a good operator there will be follow-on opportunities and we'll evaluate all of those in the context of our business strategy and we're hopeful that there will be sort of quasi-proprietary pipeline with many of our tenant operators over time.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. Just one other quick one. If I look at the -- I know you don't give AFFO guidance, but if I look at the FFO guidance going up $0.05 like you said at the midpoint for the year, it sounds like that was mostly due to the acquisitions. What would the AFFO type impact be relative to that [indiscernible]?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well obviously, as we've talked about over the years, there are pros and cons to the senior housing operating acquisitions, pros and cons to triple-net leases, I think given that $800 million of the $1.3 billion of acquisitions is in triple-net lease, that, that impact of that would obviously be more favorable, because the tenant pays CapEx on those types of acquisitions. So that's one thing to look at. If you do look at our supplemental, we have a pretty extensive disclosure at the end that gets you to kind of pre-CapEx AFFO, and then we have another disclosure that talks about recurring CapEx. So I think we can talk to you offline and be happy to do that to get you down to what you may be defining as your AFFO.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. No, I'm saying relative to the acquisitions you just did. If you're saying you did 6.25% cash versus 7.3% GAAP, what's the sort of rough difference that you guys see, as far an AFFO impact on that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, AFFO should go up.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So up but not as much as the FFO?
Debra A. Cafaro: Correct, because the triple-net lease would be straight line, correct. But AFFO will definitely go up.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess just kind of going back to the senior housing issue, Ray, and I know you just kind of gave a couple of comments. I mean, what we are also kind of looking at this issue and there are some markets that have a lot of new supply coming on and it sounds like you guys have done some initial analysis around this. But when I still look at your supplemental and I look at some of the exposure you have to markets like Texas, Ohio, Florida and I compared against the NIC data where there are specific MSA that have meaningful supply coming online, in some of the MSAs in these states, I mean, can you get us a little bit more comfortable that your stuff is not in those MSAs, although your assets are in those states?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think as I mentioned last call, Tayo, our singer largest market is the New York Metro area and that accounts for 20% to 25% of our entire shop NOI. There's no other market that accounts for more than 4% of our NOI. So we have a highly diversified portfolio. And again, I'll go back to, if you looked at the top 5 markets where the -- or the 5 markets where the percentage of inventory is increasing the most, that accounts for about 40% of all of the construction that's going on in the industry right now. And that accounts for about 3% of our NOI. So again, I mean, it's something that we watch very closely. And then within each one of those markets, you kind of have to look at where the assets are being built relative to where our assets are located.
Debra A. Cafaro: And what type of construction versus what type of...
Raymond J. Lewis: And what type of construction versus what type of asset that we have. So it's a highly granular analysis. But at the moment, as we look at what's going on in the industry, we believe our assets are well positioned.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's a definitely helpful color. Going forward from a disclosure perspective, would you consider splitting up your senior housing disclosure into the triple-net and also the operating stuff, like HCN does?
Lori B. Wittman: Tayo, it's Lori. We are looking at some increased disclosure. We do divide up in our supplement already for the shop information so...
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But do give the shop by state? I don't...
Lori B. Wittman: No. We're looking at that, though.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. I think would -- because I think your HCN does that, and I think it would just kind of be helpful as people kind of really focus on in this issue of new upcoming supply.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from the line of Daniel Bernstein at Stifel.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have a follow-up question on the construction of seniors housing. You mentioned before, obviously, that New York City is a big component of that and I agree. I don't see any real serious threat in construction where you have the shop portfolio. But the number of lenders are picking up in the business. Clearly, construction is probably going to filter to other geographies. Does any of the construction in seniors housing force you to consider maybe any of the strategy of the mix of triple-net versus RIDEA? I'm sure Holiday was more opportunistic, but you think about any change in RIDEA versus triple-net mix?
Debra A. Cafaro: Dan, that's a good question. And I think what we've said very clearly for a long time is that we strongly believe in a balanced portfolio. And that's what we've tried to create and that's what we're constantly recalibrating. I think that when you have a diverse and balanced portfolio, and by that we mean, by tenant, by operator, by asset type and by business model, which is what you're focused on. I think if we maintain that balance, we're going to be able to deliver consistent, superior results. And as you could see, this quarter we did do -- of our $1.3 billion, we did do just under $800 million in triple-net and so we're keeping that balance in mind as we make acquisitions. And so I think you're making a very good point.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Are the sellers of assets -- I mean, what prompted maybe Holiday to think about triple-net versus RIDEA because a lot of the private equity sellers have really been pushing for that RIDEA structure, but clearly, triple-net still a viable structure as well? I don't know if you can specifically Holiday because disclosure, but what's the seller's decision process in terms of RIDEA?
Debra A. Cafaro: Let me speak just generally about the Ventas strategy. So the Ventas strategy has been very clear, which is that we want in the shop portfolio the absolute best assets in the best market, highest barrier to entry with institutional quality operators who can produce -- have robust reporting functions, et cetera, and great management capabilities. And we also believe in the mass-market for senior housing and we believe in those assets as well. And we think that in general, those assets should be in more of a triple-net lease structure. And that's how we have developed our strategy from the beginning, and that's how we've been executing the strategy. And again, I think it's worked very well and maintains the balance that we spoke about. So I hope that answers your question, Dan.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It certainly answers it for your strategy, that's for sure.
Debra A. Cafaro: We're the one making the investments.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. That is what you're going to do, that's true. And then what -- again not to beat a dead horse on the construction, but you've really picked up of the amount of redevelopment in the Atria portfolio, you're going to fund some redevelopment of Brookdale triple-net leased assets. Is some of that in response to potential construction down the road where you what you get your properties fixed up before the competition gets in, take that market share, and again, provide yourself some insulation against any of that future construction, if it does happen to filter into some of your MSAa? I'm just trying to think about that a little bit more as well.
Richard A. Schweinhart: I think it's a combination of offense and defense, absolutely. These types of transactions generate low double-digit returns. They're the safest type of -- development type of investments you can do. You're leveraging our existing buildings, you know the team that's in place, you have good market experience there. And you're also improving your portfolio, increasing the coverage at your assets. So there's a defensive strategy to it as well. So from our perspective, a measured approach to redevelopment, which for a company of our size, $150 million at any one point in time, a couple of hundred million bucks, it's a very reasonable investment level where we can accomplish both offensive and defensive objectives.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are you getting more requests from your triple-net operators for the kind of development -- re-dev funding?
Raymond J. Lewis: Not only request from them, but us sort of going through our portfolio and trying to identify those markets and assets and operators where there are opportunities for us to proactively approach them, so yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: Operator -- we have time for 1 or 2 more questions, Ian.
Operator: We have one question here. It's from the line of Karin Ford at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could please break down the cap rate between the 3 buckets within the $1.3 billion that you purchased this quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we're providing it really as a blended cap rate, which is basically, the first year, 7.3% GAAP and 6.25% cash going in. And as we said, about 4% to 5% expected first couple of year cash growth, Karin.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is it possible for you to give us a range, since it's kind of a big number here, just a range of what the cap rates were within the buckets?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, probably 6.1% to 6.4%, something like that.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Second, can you just give us a little more color on what you think drove the underperformance in the Sunrise portfolio and in Canada?
Raymond J. Lewis: I think there's a couple of properties there where there's been some turnover in the executive directors, and those properties have underperformed. And since it is a relatively small portfolio that has performed extremely well in the past, the underperformance there can be exaggerated. So that's really it. But it's still, we think, a good market, and we're hopeful that Sunrise will be able to get those properties back to the levels they performed at historically.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And last question for me. I think you're heading towards the higher end of your leverage range of 4x to 6x debt to EBITDA, just talk about your thoughts on equity as you think about your next slug of acquisitions here?
Debra A. Cafaro: We're very consistent about saying when we want to maintain a strong balance sheet. As you know, we're very comfortable with where we are now and are generating probably well over $250 million a year in free cash flow to use for additional acquisitions and/or debt pay downs. So at 32% debt-to-enterprise value, I think we're in good shape. And we're well within the range of our 5x plus or minus a turn, Karin.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Jeremy Metz at Deutsche Bank.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Earlier Ray, you talked about driving rates in the MOB portfolio. Can you just talk about what the mark-to-market or your growth was this quarter? And then just as you look out with over 16% of MOB Rev expiring through 2014, just how early can you renew some of those and what's the mark-to-market outlook for that?
Raymond J. Lewis: So in general, the mark-to-market on our MOB portfolio is a positive 2%. So that's sort of what we're looking at. As we look forward, I don't know that we're predicting anything different.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then about -- just in terms of how early can you get in front of some of those renewals since that's a pretty big chunk of MOB rev?
Raymond J. Lewis: We're in front of those things.
Debra A. Cafaro: All the time.
Raymond J. Lewis: All the time. Well in advance of the renewals. I mean, we're very actively managing our pipeline of lease expirations. And as you know, the great thing about medical office buildings is that physicians have their practices in those buildings. Their customers are used to visiting them there. There, 96% of our buildings are on the campuses of the major health systems, so they're convenient for the physicians. So we have a very good product to market.
Debra A. Cafaro: And a high retention rate.
Raymond J. Lewis: And a very high retention rate.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Yes -- no, I figured that. It's just -- I think that's why I was a little surprised to see the actual percentage in -- for 2014 actually go up. I was thinking it would start coming down as you start renewing a little bit of that the closer we are getting to 2014. But appreciate the color.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And again, we don't necessarily move those into renewed until it's signed up and moved and people are moving in. So that might be some of the questions. That might be some of the answer to your questions. So anyway, I want to just wrap up the call and thank you for joining this morning. As always, we really appreciate your interest in Ventas and we're looking forward to seeing everyone in San Francisco next month. So take care and we'll see you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori B. Wittman - Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Emmanuel Korchman Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 2 2013 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jillian and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Lori B. Wittman: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on the management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning, everyone. I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants, and thank you for joining Ventas' Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. It's great to be able to share our strong second quarter results and increased guidance with you. After my brief overview, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and Rich Schweinhart will review our financial results in detail. Following our remarks, we'll be pleased to answer your questions. We all know that the second quarter showed significant capital markets volatility, catalyzed by said commentary in late May. We positioned ourselves well ahead of the market changes by creating significant liquidity to fund current and near-term capital needs. This quarter, we continued to focus on enterprise growth, with financial strength, we delivered excellent results and we executed our strategy. Let me touch on some of the quarter's highlights and accomplishments. Normalized FFO for the quarter was $1.01 per share. Our results represented 9% per-share growth compared to the second quarter of last year excluding non-cash items. Drivers of performance were same-store portfolio growth of 3%, accretive investments and new developments. In the quarter, we generated cash flow from operations at an annual rate of $1.1 billion, compared to our annual dividends to shareholders of less than $800 million. Our significant free cash flow is one of the company's most valuable attributes because it provides great flexibility for future external growth, reinvesting in our assets, reduction in debt and/or increases in our dividend. We were very proactive early in the year and raised $840 million of attractively-priced debt and equity capital, as we discussed in our last call with you. As a reminder, we issued $760 million of 15-year fixed rate debt with a 3.6% blended interest rate. Unlike our usual matched-funding approach, we essentially pre-funded our midyear capital uses. These actions were forward-thinking and value creating. However, they did result in temporary quarterly dilution exceeding $0.02 compared to the first quarter, as we mentioned then. We also continued to successfully execute our capital recycling and risk management plan. Since beginning of April, we have sold assets and received loan repayments totaling $160 million. Due to our timely capital raising and recycling, we finished the quarter with excellent liquidity of $1.7 billion available under our revolver. Our credit metrics also remained fantastic, at 29% debt to enterprise value at quarter end. As the second quarter closed and the third begin, we started putting our capital to work. Our investment activity since the beginning of Q2 exceeded $400 million and we have a like amount under contract currently. Virtually all of our investments are in high quality, senior housing or medical office buildings with expected unlevered yields averaging 6.5%. Another highlight of the quarter was the successful completion of our 2013 renewal process for 89 licensed healthcare assets that were up for renewal in May. As we projected, all transactions and transitions were completed by July 1, achieving an excellent result of greater tenant diversification at the same NOI level. We welcome our new tenant operators and look forward to their success. I also want to recognize our asset management and legal groups for their outstanding effort and results. Great execution is a hallmark of Ventas' sustained excellence. As a result of all of our activities, we are really happy to increase our full year normalized FFO guidance to $4.06 to $4.10 per share. The midpoint of our guidance range is increasing $0.05 mostly because of acquisitions and expected portfolio performance in the second half. If we achieve the midpoint of $4.08 per share, it would represent 10% growth in full year normalized FFO per share excluding non-cash items. Including those items, our reported growth would range from 7% to 8% per share. Although our increased full year guidance does not include additional investments beyond the $400 million currently under contract, our investment pipeline remained strong with deals large and small in various stages of activity. While we can never predict the timing or volume of investments within a specific time frame, we remain highly confident about our external growth opportunities. In sum, we've built a balanced company that can deliver results in a multitude of economic, reimbursement and capital markets environments. With our skilled team focused, our portfolio performing and our external growth in refinancing activities adding value, we are on track to achieve the consistent, superior results and sustain the excellence you have come to expect from us. Ray?
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. With that acquisitions completed so far this year, our diverse and balanced portfolio now stands at 1,439 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties in 47 states and 2 Canadian provinces. This productive portfolio turned in another strong quarter with 3% year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth. Today, I want to briefly run through some of the second quarter portfolio highlights starting with our seniors housing operating, or shop, portfolio. Once again, this portfolio of 227 best-in-class seniors housing assets turned in another strong performance in the quarter, delivering $110 million of NOI, which represents 14.4% growth versus the prior year. Occupancy in the total portfolio finished the quarter at a strong 90.9%, which compares favorably to the NIC MAP second quarter 2013 average seniors housing occupancy of 89%. Year-over-year, occupancy in the second quarter for the 196 properties in the same-store portfolio increased 160 basis points. REVPOR increased 3.7% and NOI increased 6.9%. Sequentially, on the 220 same-store properties, REVPOR increased 70 basis points and NOI increased 1.5%. Our non-stabilized portfolio consisted of 3 properties in the second quarter of 2013 versus 13 properties in the second quarter of 2012, as a number of our redevelopment projects have been completed, leased out and moved to the stable portfolio. For the 10 projects that we have since moved from the lease up to stable, year-over-year NOI growth was 33% driven by an 890 basis point increase in occupancy, a 3% increase in REVPOR and a 500 basis point increase in margin. As you can see, our redevelopment projects provide exceptional growth and attractive risk adjusted returns. The 7 projects we've approved and completed since our ownership have delivered an average annual NOI growth rate of 15% and an average unlevered yield on cost of about 11% at this point in their stabilization. So far this year, we have approved another 7 redevelopment projects, totaling nearly $75 million of investment, and have an active pipeline of over $200 million of additional opportunities that are under evaluation. So, our shop portfolio continues to deliver strong performance in line with our expectations. Next, I'll turn to the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across 855 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. As a reminder, these long-term net lease properties produced steady cash flow with escalations, the majority of which are tied to CPI. Same-store cash NOI in the second quarter was up 1.3% year-over-year. Cash flow coverage in the 831 properties in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2013, the latest available information was strong at 1.6x and remained stable. Likewise, coverage in our 143 same-store Kindred assets remained strong at 2x while quality mix in our Kindred portfolio improved from 73% to 77%, sequentially. As Debbie mentioned in her remarks, we are extremely pleased to have fully completed the renewal, releasing and transition on the 89 properties that were up for renewal in 2013 with Kindred. Of the 89 properties, 35 were renewed with Kindred. The 50 properties that we leased to new operators are now fully transitioned and the operators are performing well, and we completed the sale of 4 non-strategic assets. Through this process, we proved that our assets are valuable in the market and that we can successfully execute our complicated, multiparty releasing project. Finally, I'd like to provide a few comments on our medical office business. At the end of the second quarter, our consolidated MOB portfolio consisted of 302 properties spanning over 16 million square feet and accounting for approximately 17% of our annualized NOI. These high-quality assets of which 94% are on campuses or affiliated with highly rated health systems continued their strong performance in the second quarter. Through the first half of this year, cash NOI growth for the 254 same-store properties was a solid 2.6%. Year-over-year, same-store cash NOI growth for the quarter was 1.4% due primarily to the timing of expenses in recoveries. Total MOB portfolio NOI grew to $72.5 million in the second quarter, up from $59.5 million in the second quarter of 2012 due primarily to acquisitions. Occupancy across the entire consolidated portfolio increased 30 basis points year-over-year to 90.6% in the second quarter, again due primarily to the high-quality acquisitions completed last year. We also continued to make good progress with our lease-up assets. Occupancy in our lease-up portfolio increased by 310 basis points over the second quarter of 2012. In addition, occupancy for the 13 properties in the lease-up portfolio in the second quarter of both 2012 and 2013 increased 380 basis points. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. First, a recap of second quarter cash flows. Cash flows from operations were $277 million, up 29% from the second quarter last year. Dividends were $197 million, producing a net of $80 million available to invest. In the second quarter, we had approximately $378 million in real estate investments. In addition to the cash flow, we raised $758 million in debt capital in the first quarter, which paid down our revolver resulting in ample liquidity for the investments. We also received proceeds of $90 million from asset dispositions, loan syndications and loan repayments. We issued 1 million shares raising $77 million under our at-the-market program in addition to the $5 million raised in the first quarter. We assumed $69 million of 3.8% debt as part of the acquisitions. With all of the sources of funds, we only borrowed approximately $45 million on our revolver net of debt repayments. During the quarter and subsequent quarter end, we paid down $163 million of secured debt. Our revolver balance at quarter end was $260 million. We currently have unrestricted cash of $56 million and almost $1.7 billion in borrowing capacity available on our revolver. Now let me focus on second quarter results. Second quarter 2013 normalized FFO was $1.01 per diluted share, an increase of 6.3% compared to the second quarter of 2012 per share results of $0.95. Normalized FFO increased 7% to $298 million compared to last year's second quarter of $278 million. Second quarter 2013 normalized FFO increased from last year's second quarter due to our last 4 quarters' investments of over $1.8 billion. NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, lower weighted average interest rates offset somewhat by higher debt balances from our acquisition activity increases in net cash balances during the quarter, resulting from capital raises, asset sales and receipt of loan repayments. Average cash interest rate improved 50 basis points to 4.1% at June 30, 2013 compared to June 30, 2012. Weighted average shares outstanding for the second quarter were 295 million shares up less than 1% compared to the second quarter of 2012. At June 30, our credit stats remained outstanding with net debt to pro forma EBITDA of 5.3x. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x. Secured debt to enterprise value of 10%. And debt to enterprise value at 29%. On April 2, S&P raised our outlook to positive on our BBB rating. We are increasing our 2013 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $4.06 to $4.10 from $3.99 to $4.07. The midpoint increase is to $4.08 from $4.03. The midpoint results and growth of 7.4% and normalized FFO per share. We have included the impact of closed acquisitions and approximately $400 million in additional acquisitions that are currently under contract. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria, Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Juan Sanabria here. Just a quick question with regards to your acquisition pipeline. Could you just give us a bit more color on sort of how it appears relative to -- for -- the fed Chairman kind of spooked the market and cap rates kind of shot up, and what do you think is sort of low-hanging fruit with some partners that you have out there that you think you can maybe transact on over the course of time?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think our pipeline continues to be very strong and we're seeing a good volume of different kinds of transactions across the spectrum of assets and that really has not changed, given the fed's commentary. And so that's very positive, and I think as Ray mentioned, we have some great development, redevelopment opportunities with our existing operating partners, and we are continuing to see some deal flow from the 100-plus tenant/operators that we have in our portfolio. And then of course, we're seeing a lot of investment opportunities really from third parties in the market.
Juan Sanabria - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And just a -- I guess, some modeling type question, when should we model the second quarter acquisitions closed, were they more towards the second -- towards the end of the second quarter, and with regards to the 400...
Debra A. Cafaro: With the second -- yes, the second quarter was towards the end and in the ones under contract will be for the end of the third.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman, Citi.
Emmanuel Korchman: Just -- if we look at your -- the press release, there, Debbie, you guys mentioned that 7 of the senior housings communities were transferred to Atria. I was wondering if you could give us some details there, maybe give us some insight as to how we should look at deals going forward, and is that something we should expect that maybe Atria becomes a consolidator, and you find deals and you kind of put them into that platform?
Debra A. Cafaro: That's a great question. So of our acquisitions in the second quarter, upon closing of the high-quality senior housing assets that are all private pay and in Atria's footprint, we have been transitioning operations of those assets to Atria at the closing. And as we talked about before, Atria is one of the premier senior living providers in the United States with the ability to scale and a really great platform. And so we believe they will continue to grow and will be one of the potential consolidators in the industry.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, where we can find the assets that's still our strategy of being the best assets in the best markets. The opportunity to put those in with Atria is one of the values of our relationship with them. So we really want to capitalize on that.
Emmanuel Korchman: And maybe just in terms of mechanics, is that the type of scenario where you go out, you find the asset, and you say, this will be great under Atria or are they out there finding stuff and saying, hey, Ventas, if this works, our relationship...
Debra A. Cafaro: It's both. We are going out and finding acquisition opportunities that we think would be a value added for Ventas. And where we think Atria would be a great operator and they of course, have their own network that would identify opportunities as well.
Emmanuel Korchman: Perfect. And then maybe switching to the redevelopment comments that you made earlier. When we look at your pipeline, it's kind of, you got this $151 million of approved deals in the release, $240 million of total, sort of, development projects out there, how should we think about the yields and sort of the capital committed to those annual returns?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so as you know, the redevelopment pipeline targets assets in our portfolio where we can add additional value by adding programming such as memory care or upgrading the facilities to drive rate. And so far, with the projects that we've completed and that have stabilized, we're achieving the 11% returns that I referenced in the opening comments. I would say the pipeline is very consistent with the projects that we've done, historically. And so we would hope that they would achieve similar types of returns as we implement and stabilize those.
Emmanuel Korchman: Great. And then final one for me, as we look at your pipeline, whether it be the $400 million or outside of that going forward, should we assume that they're all going to be senior housing and MOB or is there chances outside of that spectrum?
Debra A. Cafaro: In the acquisitions under contract right now, they're straight down the fairway consistent with our strategy kind of private pay high-quality senior housing and MOBs. But in the pipeline, generally, it would be across the spectrum of healthcare and senior housing assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan, Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping to get a little more color on the Kindred disclosures. Could you remind us what the right way to think about the management fee to get from EBITDARM to EBITDAR? Is it still 40 to 50 bps?
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, it -- again, it depends on -- that's an imputed number and so we produce kind of the cash flow number, which is the EBITDARM number. And as you look at repositioning of portfolio or transitioning it, what you really have to think about is, what is the incremental or marginal cost of a provider to take on those assets. So that maybe as low as 1% or 2%. If you want to use a 5% or 4% management fee, that would get you your 40 to 50 basis points.
Richard A. Schweinhart: And there's another dimension to that as well whether it's a nursing home or a hospital, obviously, the hospitals have much higher revenues and lower percentage overhead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, got you, that makes sense. And then just one other on the disclosures, what else is embedded in the Kindred EBITDAR that you report. Is this just the true EBITDAR you generate from the leased facilities that Kindred has with Ventas, after you back out RehabCare, is there anything else?
Debra A. Cafaro: Everything is transparent on that. So it's basically, the EBITDARM and the therapy as indicated.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, got you. So would that include things like home health as well?
Debra A. Cafaro: No.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and then just one other, on the guidance for the RIDEA portfolio, so -- first half of the year, NOI was around $218 million so that imply similar contribution in the second half even though you're showing really good year-over-year trends. So what are some of the factors leading you to maintain guidance at this time? Is it the redevelopment with Atria or is it something else?
Richard A. Schweinhart: No, I think if you look at the guidance that we've provided of $430 million to $440 million there were some very basic assumptions built into it that we talked about when we announced the guidance. And so at that time, we said average occupancy would be up about 200 basis points across the year. Average rate would be up around 3% and the average margin would be up about 30 basis points. And through the first half, we've tracked that pretty closely and so we would expect that, that will continue through the second half and we're very comfortable with the guidance range that we've provided on the base portfolio.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then the average occupancy in the same-store portfolio is down 10 bps, sequentially, is there any way to get a read on maybe a point in time estimate how you left the second quarter relative to where you entered it?
Richard A. Schweinhart: So yes, the decline in occupancy in the portfolio of 10 basis points is consistent with historical seasonal patterns and also what we saw in the broader NIC industry data. So what typically happens is occupancy declines through the first quarter due to the flu season and coming out of the holidays and kind of runs -- reaches its bottom around the April, early May time frame and starts to grow, heading into the third quarter. And we've seen that pattern repeat in our portfolio this year. Last year we bucked the trend a little bit, and we talked about that in the second quarter of last year but this year we're following normal seasonal patterns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Theiler, Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Looking at the latest industry data from NIC, it seems like there's a pretty significant increase in construction starts, which fits all the anecdotal evidence that, at least, I've been hearing about increasing development in the senior housing. Is this something you're seeing? Are you worried about this at all and how do you project your longer-term NOI growth for your senior housing operating portfolio clear over the next 2 to 3 years?
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks so much for asking us.
Raymond J. Lewis: So yes, Jeff, I mean, it is something, obviously, that we watch as NIC announced their data. I'd make a couple of comments. One is I think the NIC data is informative, but it lacks texture, in that it really talked about absolute units under construction, and it's really important to put those into perspective by market as a percentage of the inventory and also consider what the occupancy in those markets are and what the growth rate of the seniors population and adult child population target market is within those MSAs. But sort of setting that aside, we've gone back obviously, looked at our portfolio to understand what's going on in each of our markets and as a general statement, our assets are in highly varied entry infill locations within their markets. When you look at our portfolio about a 1/4 of our NOI comes from the New York, I'm not talking about the shop portfolio, about a 1/4 of our NOI comes from New York Metropolitan statistical area where construction as a percentage of inventory is about 2.3%. So very modest construction. And then when we look at the rest of our portfolio, there's no other MSA that accounts for more than 5% of our total portfolio NOI. So we're very diversified across the markets. But as we look forward on the growth, I would say it's pretty consistent in that 4% to 5% range long-term growth rates, and near term, we see a pretty consistent with what we've been reporting.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you think at least 25% of your portfolio is relatively protected versus the rest of the industry?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, more than that, I would say, but just -- again, the New York Metropolitan area was probably about a 1/4 and construction area is very low as a percentage of inventory. I think that was really the point, there are other markets where we feel very protected because of the infill locations, barrier to entry and the cost to entitle and construct. So we do think we have a really high-quality portfolio that has some good characteristics. And I would also just summarize by saying that occupancy in senior housing is expected to continue to rise into 2014 because of the growth in the seniors population among other things, but absorption -- net absorption is expected to continue to be positive.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a quick clarification on one of Ray's earlier comments. Ray, I think you said you have another $2 million of redevelopment projects under consideration, is that in addition to the $240.4 million that we see in the supplemental, or is that encompassed in there?
Raymond J. Lewis: That's in addition to. We're constantly looking at our portfolio to identify opportunities, and one of the benefits of having over 1,400 properties is that there's a lot of good opportunities like that in the portfolio.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And how big do you think you'd be comfortable with the redevelopment program, what size is kind of your max, would you say?
Raymond J. Lewis: We're not really targeting a maximum amount or a minimum amount. I mean, I think our goal is to try to find the projects that generate the attractive returns and to phase them in and have a consistent flow of transactions. That's not so, Jeff, you shouldn't look at our $200 million pipeline and say we'll do all $200 million of that. Will pick the ones that we think make the most sense and then we'll probably find some others in our portfolio over time that will add to the pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein, Stifel.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the development side, and I'm thinking about your investments here, you've increase the number of redevelopments you have, increased the number of development, just generally it looks like in the portfolio, is there an investment drift a little bit away from acquisitions to development aside from anything that's happening on the capital cost side, just from where cap rates have gone in the last few years in seniors housing and MOBs and other asset classes, are you looking at little bit more development now for growth versus acquisitions?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that our strategy has been very consistent, and that -- in that we have really been able to create a lot of value for shareholders by investing over the past couple of years in highly accretive, high-quality assets and we expect that we can continue to do that and will. I would say that as far as the redevelopment and development pipeline that, as we've grown, as Ray said, we have more assets that create good risk-adjusted return opportunities, and that pipeline was getting smaller as we had completed projects and brought them online and so now, we're sort of just refilling that pipeline. And it should, as he said, be sort of a consistent part of our business. So I would say, again, very consistent and we should be able to deploy capital in those investments as well as in redevelopment as part of our capital deployment strategy to create value.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the Atria assets that were -- I guess the assets that were moved to the Atria operating platform this quarter or second quarter, are those part of the redevelopment projects that you're looking at or those already stabilized in a good shape, were they -- okay.
Debra A. Cafaro: No. No, those are all 90-plus percent occupied type assets in some locations and they're kind of plug-and-play.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so those are over 93% occupied, Dan, and stabilized.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It's somewhat kind of unit mix price point?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, AOIO.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then, just also on the portfolio pipeline generally, you alluded to -- it's still a robust pipeline out there cross asset classes, but have you seen any change in cap rates, any change in the motivations of sellers near here, are they pushing portfolios a little bit faster than you -- into the market, worried that cap rates are going to move back up, or are you delaying any acquisitions at this point, waiting to see where capital cost will move?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the deal flow, as we've said, has been very significant and very consistent. I would say that across real estate, generally, there hasn't been a significant movement in cap rates since the interest rates have been rising. I would say that if there is more of a move over time, you would expect cap rates to adjust accordingly. So the spread in the -- between cap rates and the risk-free rate has narrowed a little bit in real estate generally. But that's narrowing from kind of all-time highs that we saw in '11. So I think it's a pretty normal environment and one in which we feel confident we can continue to make money for investors.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Does that narrow of a spread imply that -- will you take any additional balance sheet risk in terms of like running out to credit line over the longer moving from 10-year debt back to 5-year debt just to temporarily maintain the spread that you're looking for, or is that just not something you would consider at this point?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I think we've been, again, very consistent about our balance sheet strategy. I think we have been able to grow FFO per share at 10% compounded rates for a long period of time. And we've been able to do that with really strong balance sheet, lot of financial strength and flexibility. And so we would expect to, obviously, react to external conditions but we will maintain good financial strength and flexibility. So we can do both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ray, did you say -- this question is for Ray, I think, did you mention that in New York, the construction as a percentage of inventory per shop is -- for senior housing is 2.5% and that's low?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, it's about 2.3%. I think in total, there's about 570 units under construction in the New York MSA.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, because 2.5%, 2.3% doesn't seem low to me, I guess, a little bit different in the senior housing space because that would be more like delivery in number and negative property type so, would you agree with that?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I only can speak to the seniors housing space, Rich, and we're very comfortable with that level of construction.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Second question, have you looked at how the composition of your shareholder base has changed since May 22?
Debra A. Cafaro: Of course, we have limited ability to get good data that until the end of the quarter, 45 days really after the end of the quarter.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Next topic, on the 2015 Kindred expiration, can you talk about maybe any lessons that you might have learned in the first go-around that you will apply this time around, or you were happy with how it went and you maybe were just mimic it, word for word this next go-around.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question.
Raymond J. Lewis: So I will say we're happy with how it went. We transitioned all the assets at the same rent levels. So we -- through that process developed a playbook that will serve as a guide for this releasing process. Every single one of these things is going to be different, obviously, but we learned a lot in the last go-around and one of the things, I think, Rich, that we learned is it's really important to get in front of the regulators as quickly as possible. There are things in the process that are outside your control, so speed, focus and getting in front of the third parties is a critical success factor. And so we'll build on what we learned in the last go-around and we've got a good playbook for the 2015.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And then my last question is on guidance. It's become a little bit more normal for you to include unfinished acquisitions in your guidance. You did that again this quarter. I'm curious, do you feel like the path for Ventas to increase guidance now will be more externally growth driven that is stuff using -- including stuff that has not been completed that has typically been your way to kind of have a -- kind of have unvarnished guidance without unfinished acquisitions. But now that maybe the occupancy gain is winding down and your senior housing that you want to include non-completed acquisitions in the guidance, is that kind of the motivation, or just curious why that change in your guidance.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we've talked about that before and I think it's quite contrary to your hypothesis. I would tell you that the reason that we're doing it is, typically, when we've already raised the capital to do something, which we prefunded as I mentioned we raised to 7 60 in debt at 3.6% in the first quarter for 15 years, it becomes mathematically misleading almost to say, well, we've kind of raised the money and we're going to let it sit there because it artificially -- as you saw this quarter, it temporarily and artificially kind of diminishes earnings. So that seems like it doesn't do justice to the investors to put in one side of it and kind of not the other side of it when we have good visibility to the other side of it. And so it's not an expectation that the acquisitions are under contract. So it really is, we prefunded some things, we have the capital, when you really look at giving people some real visibility into our expectations, that seems to be the best way to do it. We do feel good about portfolio performance as well, which is as I mentioned, another reason to increase the guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya, Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sorry to beat a dead horse but with regards to the acquisitions, you kind of talked about -- you've talked about the broad breadth of things you're looking at. Could you also talk about deal size in regards to the mainly smaller deals from your regional operators. Is that where a lot of this potential transaction activity could come from or are there, again, some other [indiscernible] of transactions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, if you look at kind of vertically and horizontally, I would say that the deal size varies from a single asset to kind of very, very large and the asset types if you go across are more multiple asset types in senior housing and healthcare. So continues to be a very wide spectrum.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I mean, are you surprised, Debbie, that since January or so, I mean, there have been a couple of really big deals people have been talking about but none of them are really closed. Has that surprised you?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would repeat what we always say, which is that it is absolutely impossible to predict, with any kind of accuracy, the timing or volume of investments. Everything is in its own due time for a whole host of different reasons and so no, I'm not -- I think it's very consistent with what we think.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Second question, could you give us a sense what you're generally hearing about Medicaid rates for the skilled nursing portfolio, and kind of what's happening on that end?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we typically predict kind of a plus or minus 1% to 2% in any given year. We are hearing that some states are having some significant increases, actually, although in general, we tend to keep it -- our projections for Medicaid, as I said, in the plus or minus 1% to 2% range on average, as you look across all the different states.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But have you heard from any state so far where maybe a little bit more negative than you were anticipating?
Debra A. Cafaro: No, I wouldn't say that.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the last thing from my end is just -- the medical office building portfolio, when I just kind of take a look at some of the same-store data, I do see my same-store NOI did come down sequentially as well as year-over-year. Could you just talk a little bit about that specific lease from year-over-year occupancy loss, what may have happened?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yes, so Tayo, I think the -- on the year-over-year occupancy laws, those are just forecasted and budgeted move-outs. It's really sort of a timing of when leases will move back in or new leases will move back in. And same thing, I think, with the results. I think you really -- with the medical office in the timing of expenses and the recoveries, you're going to get some variability between the quarters. I think that's just what you saw between the first and the second quarter and that's, quite frankly, why I wanted to make sure people understood in my comments in the first half that same-store cash NOI was up 2.6% but in the quarter, it was at 1.4%, so you can get a sense for some of that variability.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's really helpful. And then what about the mark-to-market or rents from the MOB portfolio, what's that looking like right now?
Richard A. Schweinhart: It's positive. We are seeing positive net leasing spreads in the market.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And low single digits, like 2%, 3%? Or higher?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yes, low single-digit is fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you guys expect any more loan repayments or dispositions for the balance of the year, and if so, are they factored into guidance?
Debra A. Cafaro: We're -- not a material amount but if we do expect them, they are factored in.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my second question just relates to your appetite for hospitals. I know we talked a little bit about that on the last call and then, since then, a proxy came from Vanguard Health Systems said that a couple of health care REITs had made bids on that company, which is relatively sizable, so like, could you just talk about Ventas' appetite for hospital investment of that size, is that still something that you guys would consider?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we did talk about hospitals last quarter, and I mentioned that over time, big picture long-term secular trends. We really do believe that real estate assets will flow to the most efficient owners. And that you are seeing a lot of consolidation in change in the hospital business and that, that may create opportunities to commit capital. I would say that we are very well- positioned with Todd's business. He has been serving high-quality healthcare systems for 25 years and we have a lot of expertise within the firm that we would consider a capital allocation to the hospital business with the right partner, right pricing and structure. And it may never come to pass, but it is a sector that I think is large and interesting as you look at health care and health care reform going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico, UBS.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just had a question, a couple of questions, first on senior housing, the operating guidance for the year. I mean, you guys are now at the midpoint, essentially, it seems like you're running year-to-date the midpoint of that guidance, you've -- the occupancy is down and then of the second quarter versus where it ended last year. So what I'm wondering is, is at this point is there really any chance of making the low end of that guidance since you guys seem to be pretty positive on how you're thinking about occupancy going into next year?
Debra A. Cafaro: Ray is going to answer, but I would say that again we provided a range 4 30 to 4 40 where we're right on track with our expectations and we do believe the portfolio isn't and will continue to perform well.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, yes, pretty much what Debbie said, I think the only other thing I would add to that is that as I mentioned we've seen occupancy follow normal historical seasonal patterns and trending upwards heading into the third quarter. So...
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, expenses do go up in the third and fourth quarter.
Raymond J. Lewis: Absolutely.
Debra A. Cafaro: But as we talked about before, so that is a factor.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, expenses will pick up in the third and fourth quarter. Third quarter is particularly heavy on utilities because of the air-conditioning and also vacations in the third.
Debra A. Cafaro: Not ours.
Raymond J. Lewis: Not ours, unfortunately, but so, yes, I think that's right, look, we're comfortable with what we've provided in guidance so...
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, so it's not, I mean, it's not just an occupancy issue so even if I were to assume, say, that your occupancy could get back to where it ended last year for that portfolio there may be some expense to offset on that?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I think that's right. Again, as I said, all of the projections or assumptions that we based our guidance projections on are tracking right in line with our performance through the first half of the year.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, on the FFO guidance for the year, is there anything that is dilutive in there in the back half of the year, say, like an unsecured bond raise to take down the line of credit or, I mean, is there any sort of pool factor that versus what you guys have done in the first half here?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, the line of credit is down in the $200 million to $300 million range. We haven't factored, as Rick said, any capital raises into our second half guidance, there were sales in at the end of the second quarter that our dilutive relative to the second half, the $160 million that we mentioned and then we have, of course, factored that into account.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Within your senior housing portfolio, is there a meaningful difference between the performance of the Class A assets and the Class B assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, within senior housing, again, the distinction that we would make is that in our senior housing operating portfolio with Atria and Sunrise, we are seeing high-single digits growth rate pretty consistently, and those are the best assets in the best markets. And so that has really been a market-leading portfolio, I would say, consistently outperforming industry statistics. And so that high-end of performance really has continued.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, and Michael, just to add on to that, I think where we have the assets in our triple-net lease portfolio, the growth rate has been less but the performance has been very stable.
Debra A. Cafaro: And as expected.
Raymond J. Lewis: And as expected. So I think it's fair to say that our seniors housing operating assets grow at a better rate by virtue of the quality of the buildings.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay and then within, I guess, the triple net portfolio, it sounds like the senior housing portfolio is a little sheltered from new development activity. Are you see more development activity that could compete against your triple net portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: No, not particularly. Just to remind everybody, I mean, the triple net portfolios are typically full of multi-facility master leases that will have additional structural on credit support through guarantees of security deposits, et cetera. When we look at the construction across the country, we have a highly diversified portfolio there. We don't really see any major flashpoints in construction against our triple net portfolio. There are some smaller markets out there where you would look at it and say, wow, there is 20% construction as a percentage of inventory and then when you actually dig into the numbers, you realize that it's one building that's being built and there's just not a lot of inventory in the market. Occupancy is 90%. So I think it's really important to again do the analysis that gets a little more texture around the construction data.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then coverage ratio and the skilled nursing facility portfolio declined again modestly, I guess, from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Is that ratio stabilized now and can we expect to see any improvements, or is it going to stay around that range?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think you can expect it to be around that range at least in the near term as, again, health care reform a lot of the post-acute really comes from hospitals and so you have to look at hospital volumes and you also have to look at the fact that the providers are increasingly shortening length of stay and so that has an industry-wide effect on occupancy level. So I think you should expect it around here.
Raymond J. Lewis: One other thing within our portfolio is, we dropped off the first quarter at '12 from our trailing '12 statistics, which was probably Kindred's best quarter of recent memory. So...
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question relates to the acquisitions that are under contract and completed. Can you break out the percentage between that of senior housing, medical office building and possibly loans that you may have made?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. It's -- they're all equity investments and I would say that other than maybe $100 million, it's private pay senior housing.
Operator: You have no questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Jillian, and I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. As always, we really appreciate your interest in the company and your support of Ventas. We hope everybody have a great rest of the summer and look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research
Operator: A very good day to you, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Quarter 1 2013 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nancy. I will your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Lori Wittman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Thank you so much for joining Ventas' First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to discuss the results of another excellent quarter. This morning, Ray Lewis will also discuss our portfolio performance; and our CFO, Rich Schweinhart, will review our financial results. Following our remarks, we'll be pleased to answer your questions. Consistent with our management team's commitment to achieve and sustain excellence for all our stakeholders, Ventas began the year with outstanding growth and property cash flow, normalized FFO per share and dividends. Ventas' balanced, consistent approach of driving growth, while staying strong, diverse and secure, continues to produce outstanding returns for shareholders. Year-to-date, Ventas' total returns exceed 22%, well in excess of both the RMZ and S&P 500 indices. More importantly, our 10-year performance is an exceptional 888%, showing our long-term track record of out-performance. In short, our strategy is working, our team is executing and Ventas' business is great. Some of the highlights of the quarter were: First, normalized FFO with $1.03 per diluted share, representing 16% growth from the first quarter of last year, excluding noncash items in both periods. This increase in FFO flows from both internal and external sources. Same-store cash flow growth in our high-quality, diverse portfolio exceeded 4% in the quarter, and we derived significant benefit from last year's $2.7 billion in accretive investments. Our cash flow growth enabled us to increase our dividend by 8% in the first quarter to an annual rate of $2.68 a share. With a secure payout ratio of 67%, we are well-positioned to continue our record of increasing the dividend at above average levels, a competitive advantage in delivering superior total shareholder return. We successfully completed $200 million of investments during the quarter at initial cash yields approximating 6.5% in high-quality medical office buildings and senior housing assets. We continue to maintain a robust pipeline of attractive additional investment opportunities. At the same time as we are fueling our continued growth, we are also consistent in managing our business with discipline. During the quarter, we took advantage of historically low interest rates to extend our debt maturities by raising $759 million in senior notes, with a 15-year weighted average maturity and a fixed rate of 3.6%. By using the proceeds to pay down our revolver, we also created significant liquidity and shifted more of our capital structure into fixed rate versus floating. At the end of the quarter, our debt-to-enterprise value was an astonishingly good 28%. Recognizing our outstanding credit metrics, scale of $31 billion, consistency, private pay focus and diverse business model, S&P improved its outlook on our corporate credit to positive at the end of March, following similar action by Moody's in December. As planned, and consistent with our risk management approach, we sold portions of the higher-yielding loans we originated in the fourth quarter, at par to sophisticated partners. We expect to complete another $100 million of this activity going forward to manage our aggregate loan investments and our single-borrower exposure. Finally, our asset management and legal teams are pushing toward the finish line, regarding the 89 licensed health care assets whose lease terms expire at the end of this month. We are pleased to report that the lion's share of these transactions and operating transition should be completed by May 1 at the rent and on the terms we previously announced. We expect the remainder be completed, as we said on our last call, by the end of this quarter. We believe that this process is a great example of the proactive, collaborative team execution capabilities at Ventas, resulting in an excellent outcome. Consistent with our expectations when we spoke with you 2 months ago, we are confirming our full year normalized FFO guidance of $3.99 to $4.07 per diluted share. If achieved, the midpoint of our range represents 9% growth per share, including, not excluding, noncash items. We remain comfortable with our full-year guidance range, even though we replaced almost $800 million of floating rate debt with fixed rate debt, and completed over half of our ongoing loan and asset dispositions late in the first quarter. While these actions will reduce normalized FFO in subsequent quarters, we are incredibly well set up to capture the many investment opportunities we see before us. As I said in February, acquisition opportunities abound in our large, fragmented health care and senior housing investment market. We see opportunities to add to our best-in-class senior housing operating portfolio, our medical office building business and a range of triple-net investment across the continuum of care. Our existing liquidity, balance sheet and diversification are highly supportive of continued external growth. While we can never predict the timing or amount of our investment activities, we are excited about continuing to expand our portfolio in a balanced, forward-thinking way to create value for stakeholders. Our team is definitely leaning in as we look to the balance of 2013.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Our diverse, balanced and productive portfolio of 1,433 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties turned in another strong performance in the first quarter. Same-store cash NOI in our total portfolio grew by 4.2% year-over-year, and 3.5% sequentially, once again, demonstrating the sustained excellence that our strategy of growth and defense delivers. Let me briefly run through some of the quarterly highlights of each of our key business segments. Let me start with our best-in-class private pay seniors housing operating portfolio, which accounts for 27% of our NOI. The portfolio now stands at 220 properties and delivered another outstanding quarter. The total seniors housing operating portfolio produced $108.1 million of NOI, representing growth of 20.2% versus the prior year. Occupancy in the total portfolio finished the quarter at a very strong 91%. This is 190 basis points higher than the average senior housing occupancy reported by NIC in the first quarter for the top 31 MSAs. NOI after-management fees for the 195-property same-store portfolio was $96.3 million in the first quarter, a 7.3% increase over the prior year. Performance was driven by same-store occupancy, which increased 270 basis points, and RUG-IV, which increased 3.2% year-over-year. The same-store portfolio substantially outperformed the NIC top 31 MSA data on both occupancy and RUG-IV growth year-over-year. One of the key drivers of our outstanding performance is our redeveloping portfolio. As a reminder, we have a number of assets in our senior housing operating portfolio where we can add new units, amenities and programming to drive occupancy and rate. We currently have about $75 million of these projects underway, and a $200 million pipeline that we are evaluating. Looking at sequential performance, NOI for the 212-property same-store portfolio increased 5% from the fourth quarter of 2012 to the first quarter of 2013, driven primarily by a 2.9% increase in RUG-IV. Occupancy in the same-store portfolio declined sequentially, reflecting a normal seasonal pattern and stood at a very strong 91%. As occupancy has stayed high, we have been able to increase rates, which is driving our strong performance. Our 2013 full year guidance expectations for the seniors housing operating portfolio remain unchanged, with NOI guidance between $430 million and $440 million, and same-store NOI growth in the 5% to 8% range. Next, I'll turn to the performance of our consolidated triple-net lease portfolio, which accounts for 53% of our NOI and is diversified across 856 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. Same-store cash NOI in our 833-property same-store triple-net portfolio was up 2.4% year-over-year in the first quarter. Cash flow coverage in triple-net lease portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2012, the latest available information, was stable and strong at 1.6x. Kindred coverage in the 173 skilled nursing in LTAC that currently leases from us remain strong at 2x. Finally, we opened one building, which is 100% leased to a joint venture affiliated with the Cleveland Clinic, and which was another benefit we acquired as part of the Cogdell acquisition. So the triple-net lease portfolio continues to deliver stable, reliable and growing cash flows for our shareholders. Lastly, I'd like to briefly discuss our 302-property consolidated MOB portfolio, which stands over 16 million square feet and accounts for 17% of our annualized NOI. I'd like to remind you that over the last year, we have added nearly 7 million square feet to our portfolio, nearly doubling in size. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the first quarter. Total portfolio NOI grew to $74.6 million in the first quarter, up from $43.3 million in the first quarter of 2012, due primarily to approximately $1.2 billion in acquisitions, including Cogdell Spencer, as well as internal cash flow growth. Occupancy across the entire portfolio increased to 90.5% from 89.7% in the first quarter of 2012, again, due primarily to the high-quality acquisitions completed last year. Cash NOI in the 185 same-store consolidated MOB portfolio increased 4.6% year-over-year, driven primarily by increases in rate and margin. Occupancy was down slightly in the same-store portfolio due to some anticipated vacancies. The 9 properties in the same-store lease-up portfolio increased occupancy by 230 basis points year-over-year, so we continue to make good progress in filling our non-stable billings -- buildings. As we have built out our MOB portfolio, we have begun to realize the benefits of scale by identifying best practices in leasing, expense management and capital investment and driving their implementation across our entire portfolio. We expect this to drive above-average internal growth in our MOB business as these initiatives are rolled out over time. So once again, this quarter's very positive results demonstrate the merits of building a high-quality, balanced and diversified portfolio that we actively manage to provide our investors with growth and capital preservation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. In the first quarter, we invested approximately $200 million and received proceeds of $156 million from assets, dispositions, loan syndications and loan repayments. The $200 million in investments include a previously capitalized lease. On the capital market side, we issued $500 million of 2.7% 7-year senior notes due 2020, and $258.75 million of 5.45% 30-year senior notes due 2043 in March. If you combine our 2 senior note issues, they have a weighted average interest rate of 3.6% with a 15-year life, which has a favorable effect on our scheduled maturities. We also repaid $270 million of 6.25% NHP senior notes, which were booked for GAAP purposes at an interest rate of approximately 1.75%. Our revolver balance at quarter-end was $165 million. Year-to-date, we have raised $83.7 million, issuing over 1.1 million shares under our aftermarket program. Over 1 million of these shares were issued in the second quarter. As a result, we currently have unrestricted cash of approximately $58 million in virtually all of our $2 billion in borrowing capacity available on the revolver. Now let me focus on first quarter results. First quarter 2013 normalized FFO was $1.03 per diluted share, an increase of 13% compared to the first quarter of 2012 per share results of $0.91. Normalized FFO increased 14% to $302 million compared to last year's first quarter of $264 million. First quarter 2013 normalized FFO increased from last year's first quarter, due to our 2012 investments of over $2.7 billion, and NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, offset somewhat by higher interest expense due to higher debt balances from our acquisition activity and, to a lesser extent, G&A expenses. Average cash interest rate improved 80 basis points to 4.1% at March 31, 2013 compared to March 31, 2012. In total, consolidated interest expense increased to $80 million this quarter from $68 million last year, reflecting all the debt activity in the last 4 quarters. Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $8 million to this quarter's $302 million, primarily due to an increase in all 3 segments' operating results and fourth and first quarter investments, partially offset by an increase in interest expense to fund our investments and higher G&A expenses. Weighted average shares outstanding for the first quarter were 294 million shares, up a slight 1% compared to first quarter of 2012. At March 31, our credit stats were outstanding and improved from year end, with a net debt of pro forma EBITDA at 5.3x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x, secured debt-to-enterprise value of 10% and a debt-to-enterprise value at 28%. On April 2, S&P raised our stable outlook to positive. We are currently rated BBB+. Even with a $0.02 per share, per quarter impact from our first quarter capital activities and dispositions, we are affirming our 2013 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.99 to $4.07. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Jeff Spector from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jana for Jeff. It was good to see your tenant triple-net rent coverages remain strong, they were flat in the fourth quarter. I was curious that in your conversations with Kindred or some of your hospital operators, have they seen any impact from the sequester in April? Because I think we won't really see this show up in numbers until the third quarter reporting.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. Yes, our coverages were good and ticked up a little bit, in some cases, in the triple-net portfolio. I would say, just talking about the government-reimbursed portion of our business, I would say that remember that the operators got an almost 2% Medicare rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2012, and so -- and sequestration doesn't really take effect until April 1. So those are essentially a push, if you want to think about it that way.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, any input from your operators on how they're thinking about their budgets with what CMS may announce shortly?
Debra A. Cafaro: We would expect the CMS preliminary rules regarding fiscal year 2014 rates to be coming out really any day now and be finalized later in the summer. And we should know very shortly what that preliminary rule is, which, again, I want to remind everyone, is subject to a common [ph] period and then often changes and improves in between these initial publication and finalization.
Operator: We have our next one from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Manny Korchman is on with me as well. Debbie, I just wanted to go -- your comments about the pipeline being robust, acquisition opportunities abound, and you talk about the balance sheet being astonishingly good and being in great shape. I'm just curious, as you think about your capacity to acquire today, arguably you have access to capital markets when you need it, depending on what transaction you do. But how should we think about what volume of transactions you could do prior to either selling assets or selling new equity in terms of how much you would be able to bring on balance sheet today as you look at the...
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Right. And I think you're right. We obviously we have fantastic access to the capital markets. I think one of the company's hallmarks is that we are aggressive and drive growth, but we also make sure that we always have great liquidity. So if the markets are there, we'll use them, but we know that we have a good safety net in our existing liquidity. When we look at our acquisition opportunities, they are really plentiful, and we're as busy as we've ever been. I would say that when we look at the numbers, we could easily acquire over $1 billion, really -- and be very comfortable with our balance sheet without the need of any additional equity component.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how we should we think about the types of deals? Or - I mean, is this elephant hunting in terms of large transactions that's getting you excited about opportunities? Or is it a lot of singles and doubles, either from the existing portfolio where you're buying out partners or smaller-type portfolios in the couple of hundred million dollar range? How should we think about your excitement about transactions today?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, in a word, yes to all of those. I mean, we are seeing great kind of follow-on transactions with existing partners. We're seeing great follow-on with our current tenants, some of whom came from NHP. We're seeing regional deals. And we're seeing large -- very large portfolio transactions. So I think the strategy of putting our various legacy companies together, whether it's Lillibridge, Cogdell, NHP, Atria, we -- all of those are channels for continued internal and external growth. And that's when I say the strategy's working and we are executing, that's really what I mean.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the loan buybacks and -- or the loan -- I guess you sold off some loans in the quarter. Looking on Page 2 of the supp, so that balance had come down on your mortgage loans from $635 million to $490 million, but the yield went up, and if you just do the data math, it would say that you sold $145 million of loans at 7.6%. I thought I heard you said you sold some high-yielding loans, and I -- but it would appear as though the balance actually is better today than it was before.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, basically, we're -- as I said we're making sure to manage -- we made some high-quality, well-structured, very attractive, risk-adjusted return loans in the fourth quarter, and our plan has been to syndicate or sell off parts of those, and we've started to do that. And I think the rate ticked up a little bit because we may have had a few loan payoffs of lower-yielding loans. And also, we sold these later in the quarter and so that may have affected the weighted average. So we may see that tick down next quarter, Michael.
Operator: We have the next one from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to start with the shop portfolio. You give average occupancy in the supplement. Could you talk a little bit how the metric trended throughout the quarter? As in, did you exit March higher than the average for the first quarter, assuming flu tapered off the beginning of January?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, Jack, this is Ray. So the typical seasonal pattern, which was followed by our portfolio this year, is that your occupancy will decline throughout the first quarter, and typically, into April, and start to trend back up again in May. And we're starting to see, as we look at flash reports, the stabilization of the occupancy, and it's following historical patterns.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then, just really, the Kindred. The company is trying to reposition itself around these 21 integrated care markets. So just yesterday, we saw the sale of 17 facilities to Vibra. Do you own any of those assets? And then, as they continue to restructure, how do you protect yourself if the asset moves to another operator?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, first of all, none of the assets that were announced yesterday -- none of the 17 are Ventas-related in any way. So that's a first answer to your question. And again, our leases do not permit the sale or assignment of any of the operations without our consent. We have master leases that are very protective of Ventas.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Karin Ford.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A question on Rick's comments at the end there that guidance -- you had a $0.02 impact from doing more debt issuance in the first quarter than you had previously incorporated into guidance. I'm just wondering, what, if anything, was offset on the positive side that had you keep guidance the same despite that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. Well, first of all, we had a great first quarter, obviously, so that helps. And we are very confident about our expectations for the remainder of the year. And again, just to do the math for you, if you do $759 million at a 3.6% versus your 1.4% on your revolver, and you sell, let's call it, $156 million at, say, a 9% and you also compare that your revolver, that's how you get your 2-plus -- a little -- $0.02 a quarter a share going forward. Just to make that very transparent for everyone. But I think we expect a good, continued performance for the rest of the year, and we feel really good about our business.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Was there anything specific in the business? Any particular segment that seems to be ahead of budget today that's offsetting that?
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I mean, I think if you look at our portfolio, our seniors housing operating portfolio and MOBs are performing in line with our expectations, and so I think our portfolio is right on track.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Next question is, given that, as you pointed out, your balance sheet's in great shape, your debt-to-EBITDA is very low, can you just talk about your decision to issue 1 million shares under the ATM in April? Was it the stock price? Was it imminent acquisition activity coming? Can you just talk about that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we've been, again, fairly open, I think, about the acquisition and market that we're seeing, which we think is quite robust. And so we really want to continue to be in a position to take advantage of those opportunities, and at the same time, continue to move up the credit curve. So we would expect, over the course of the year, although our guidance does not include any acquisitions, we would be hopeful that over the course of the year, we will be able to get our fair share of additional investments.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. Last question is, are you anticipating any M&A activity in the health care space through the balance of the year? And what are you seeing on the cap rate side?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we -- again, we've been consistent in saying we do expect consolidation in the health care and senior housing business. And we've seen some of that, and I think we'll continue to see that.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And pricing, has pricing changed on either the MOB side or the senior housing side?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we were very fortunate with the accretive investments that we made the last couple of years, which were at very, very good yields for very high quality assets. And I think as cost of capital has continued to improve for us and others, that has had an impact on cap rates, but we can still -- I think we're still in that excellent quadrant of being able to create value for shareholders while we acquire, and that's our strategy.
Operator: We have the next question from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Now that the occupancy in the shop portfolio is above 90%, do you think you'll be able push rental rates to continue to drive the similar case of the revenue growth that you have been able to do?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. Michael, this is Ray. So as you correctly point out, we do have well above-average occupancy in our portfolio. And if you look at the rental rate increases in the first quarter of this year versus the first quarter of last year, we're nearly 3% this year, and last year, we were closer to 2%. So we're already starting to see that benefit materialize in our portfolio. And so, yes, I think we are pushing. And obviously, in the economy, there's going to be limits to how far you can push, but we're seeing the benefits of the higher occupancy in our pricing.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, have you seen increased development activity in the senior housing space, particularly around your seniors housing operating portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, remember, our senior housing operating portfolio is in high-barrier, infill locations in major metropolitan areas, which are typically very difficult to develop in and have long lead times and, quite frankly, are expensive to put new buildings up. If you look at the NIC data in the top 31 MSAs, there's about 13,000 units under construction, which is relatively 2.5% of inventory. Historical averages are closer to 3.2% of inventory. And another way to sort of look at it is the total inventory increase year-over-year was up about 1.2%. So if you overlay that against, sort of, the demographics, while new construction is higher than it was in the trough during the recession, it's still well within normal tolerances, and is not, at this point, something that would have an impact on our -- the performance of our portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: And there's -- there continues to be positive absorption as a result of that favorable supply demand.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And have you seen, I guess, more development projects in the early planning stages that could come to the market, that could increase that CIP [ph] number?
Raymond J. Lewis: We're not seeing a tremendous amount of development. Now, remember, we're not a company that does a lot of development, but I think there just aren't a tremendous amount of financing sources right now for new development in the marketplace. So there are pockets in memory care and other areas, where, I think, there has been more new development. But independent living, in particular, is still running well below historical levels. We're not really seeing a tremendous flow of development.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my last question is with regard to the transitioning old Kindred assets. Is there typically any weakness with the transitioning operators from the properties?
Debra A. Cafaro: We would expect to see some transition expenses and friction as the new operators set up operations, change systems and hire the new employees. But that's, obviously, all baked into their expectations. And the assets are profitable, and so there may be a changeover impact, but that'll be short-lived.
Raymond J. Lewis: Which -- and we've underwritten that.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Stifel.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to go into the senior housing operating margins that were up sequentially. I think I would have expected those to have gone down seasonally with the Canadian utilities. I know there was one less day in the quarter. So maybe if you could just about your expense controls and how you're seeing operating margin progress throughout the year?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I think you hit it on a couple of things. So you look at sequential margins, and our -- and same-store stabilized portfolio, they're up 60 basis points. One thing that would sort of drive that is the rate increase this year was much more than we've had in the prior years sequentially. 2, I think, if you look at the non-stable portfolio, the lease up that occurred in the non-stable portfolio were pushed 190 basis points of increase sequentially in the lease up there. And the margins went up 820 basis points, that's another big driver. And then, there was, as you point out, some additional expense savings, I guess, because of the fewer days in the quarter. So those are the big contributing factors.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, do you expect rate growth to -- I guess, normally, all of your rate increases are on January 1, is that correct? Or there's anything that's spread out throughout the year with -- between the [indiscernible] of those?
Raymond J. Lewis: The majority -- yes, the majority of our rate increases occur January 1.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe a similar question on MOBs where you had an increase in operating margin Q-over-Q, it looks like even on the same-store. Is there something in the seasonality there or something you're doing on the expense side? I guess you eluded to that earlier in the conference call about your economies of scale. But is there anything that you did 4Q to 1Q to increase the operating margin there?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, Dan, there's a couple of things that are going on in the MOB side. One is, we are -- we have a very active best practice program going on in our medical office building portfolio right now, where we're going through, basically, building by building, identifying the buildings that are doing the best on each expense line and trying to take those practices across the entire portfolio. And we're starting to realize real expense savings off of that. And particularly on our gross leases, we'll get the benefit of that immediately. And then, there's also just some timing issues from quarter-to-quarter. As you know, in the medical office buildings, you've got your billings and your recoveries that will, as you look sort of from quarter-to-quarter, create some variation in margins. So those are the 2 primary drivers there.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So would you expect operating margins in the MOBs to continue to ramp up throughout the year as you continue to go ahead and evaluate expenses at the individual properties?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think, overtime, the objective is to drive down expenses and recover those as the rents turn over in the market. So I don't think you'll see it happen quickly this year, but overtime, we want to try to be able to recover more of the expenses.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I have a follow-up question on cap rates. I think, Debbie, when we were in -- I think it might have been last June's NAREIT, we asked about if you were to buy Atria assets today, how much lower the cap rate would be, and you kind of alluded to maybe being 50 bps. Is that still the case, given capital cost? Do you think seniors housing cap rates have continued to compress since mid-last year? And not to pinpoint what you would you pay for assets today exactly, but is below a 6 cap reasonable for seniors housing in -- for class A major metro portfolios?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that, first of all, buying Atria was a great decision. It's a great company, and the assets have done incredibly well with high kind of single-digit NOI growth. And we really bought it at the right time in the cycle, and Atria is doing a great job running it. So I -- we're very happy about that. I would say that cap rates -- as cost to capital has come down, cap rates have also come down. And so the cap rate, though, as you know, is only one part of the story. You have to look at the growth rate, and the quality, and replacement cost and all the other normal investment metrics that we do look at, as well as what the capital structure of the asset is and how profitable ultimately it's going to be. So there are a lot of factors that go into it, but I think your general direction is correct.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are you distinguishing difference in evaluation between assisted living and independent living as well when you think about acquisitions going forward and when you're underwriting asset -- potential asset acquisitions today? The gap between assisted living and independent living cap rates have come down a lot. Should assisted living be more value -- higher cap rate than IL?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. There are different arguments on both side of the equation. Historically, AL has had a bit of a higher cap rate or even more than a bit. You're right, it has compressed. I would say the need-driven AL product did the best during the recession, because it is need-driven. But IL has been performing incredibly well as the economy and housing market have comeback, and we really are in this Goldilocks environment with moderate GDP growth, and that's been very supportive of the IL continuing to do well. So I think IL is even more like multifamily than AL, so that would argue for a lower cap rate. But yet, AL performed very well under the stress test of the financial crisis. So both of the them are good asset classes. I think there is not a big distinction right now in the marketplace between the cap rates for the 2.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A quick question on the Kindred transition of assets. I mean, when those assets re-transit, do you expect a big difference in regards to the rent coverage ratios, new operators versus the current Kindred coverage?
Debra A. Cafaro: We don't. I mean, there's a possibility that after this initial transition period that we just talked about, that if the operators are more efficient, if they are low-cost providers, that coverage will go up. But in general, these are profitable assets to begin with. They're profitable when they go to the new operators, and a lot will depend on what the reimbursement environment is, ultimately. But we do expect the new operators to be very hands-on and efficient operators.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just in regards to the CMS fiscal year '14 reimbursement. Any expectations in regards to what could come out with the preliminary numbers?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think ever since someone let out the fed minutes half an hour earlier or something, they're keeping a close wrap on this. So let's talk about it when it gets published maybe this evening.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So, Ray, can you explain -- to a question earlier, I think it was Karin who asked, how you take on some of these dilutive events during the quarter that were positive events, the senior notes issuance and the dispositions, and say that operating performance is in line with your expectations, but guidance was affirmed? I mean, is there some wiggle room implied in the guidance? Or were some of these transactions contemplated to begin with?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, some were contemplated, and it's a range, obviously. So I think if you kind of do the math, and you'll get to the answer. But I mean, yes, the portfolio is doing well.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And maybe, Debbie, I can ask a question of you on the -- maybe my favorite topic lately, the Atria management state, the 34%?
Debra A. Cafaro: Absolutely.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I guess, my question is, what would be the status of that organization, that management company, in the absence of your equity investment? In other words, did they need it? Did you want it? Were there other bidders out looking to get that? I mean, how much did their livelihood depend on you making that investment?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, they're very viable company. Remember, we bought the funds from Lazard. So the price that we paid, if you will, really was not an equity infusion to Atria, because they had $20 million, $30 million cash on hand anyway. It was really a -- we bought it from the owner, which really was Lazard. And it's a great transaction, if you think about it. We paid, let's call it, $240 million, and among other things, we got 3.7 million Ventas shares, which alone, today, are worth about $290 million. So we essentially have 1/3 interest in one of the premier management companies in senior housing. And we -- we're very excited about that. I think it's going to be a great opportunity for us as the sector continues to evolve.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, fair enough. And just a quick question, Ray, on the senior housing portfolio, the reiteration of the same-store outlook at 5% to 8%, would you say -- looking maybe a little bit longer-term, would you say that growth -- the growth pattern of the space is accelerating, decelerating or sort of stable at this point?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think it's pretty stable. There's -- as we said, there's sort of limited new supply coming online, although there is some. Our portfolio is at a good point where we can start to push on the pricing a little bit and afford to have occupancy remain relatively stable. So I would look at it and say we're probably at a good equilibrium point right now in the marketplace but -- in supply/demand and good spot.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then last question, maybe for Debbie or whoever. The remaining assets that haven't closed yet with regard to the Kindred release, how much will be kind of dark or -- not dark, but not paying from May 1 until they ultimately close that? What percentage of the total will be done?
Debra A. Cafaro: None. 0. 0. The...
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Oh, 0?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, 0.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Oh, they'll all be done by May 1?
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no. There will be some that we expect, as we said, to close by the end of the quarter. But those will continue to earn rent. We're going to try to keep our call to about 1 hour, so we'll take our next caller. Thank you, Rich.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Theiler from Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one on skilled nursing. The coverages seem to stabilize, but the average occupancies appears to still be trending down. Why do you think that is? And where do you see it going?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think as the assets have become really more post-acute, more shorter stay, across the industry, you'll continue to see shorter lengths of stay, which in turn lead to lower average occupancy. So that's the reason.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you provide Q mix progressions from last year to this year? How has that changed?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we do put Q mix in the supplemental, and we have it for this quarter. And I believe it's pretty stable, maybe slightly improved from last quarter. But it was, I think, for Kindred, it was about 72%. I can confirm that.
Richard A. Schweinhart: 73%.
Debra A. Cafaro: 73% this quarter.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Debbie, when I look of the portfolio and I think about the diversification, your exposure to hospitals is clearly smaller than what you have in skilled nursing and medical office and assisted living. Can you talk about where your appetite for hospitals is at the moment? And maybe also the same question on the Life Science side, as you think about diversifying the portfolio further.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. As you know, we've been building our private pay business, and so that has that effect of, of course, shrinking our exposure to hospitals. And the part of the pie that we currently have in the hospital business is all long-term, acute-care hospitals, so a specialized segment. I think that we've had a vision in the health care and senior housing business that, over time, assets will flow to the most efficient owners. And that's really across senior housing, skilled nursing and really all across the continuum of care. And with our Lillibridge subsidiary, I think Ventas is really uniquely positioned to, if we choose to do so, devote capital to in and around health -- high-quality health care systems and hospitals. And so, we continue to explore all areas of health care and senior housing as we look at investments. And as I said, Todd's been visiting CEOs of these systems for 25 years, and we have great expertise and a great window into that business. So we continue to explore opportunities, really, in all segments of our business.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Why do you think hospitals have not migrated into the public REIT hands to the extent that senior housing and medical office has to this point?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that, in general, I would say that there's been some adverse selection as far as hospitals go, in so far as the better hospital companies have really wanted to and have -- are temperamentally suited to kind of holding on to all their assets. But again, over time, as their capital needs increase and their costs and sources of capital become more -- a little bit more challenged, I think they would -- they do to consider the possibility of divesting of higher-quality assets. And until that happens, we really wouldn't be willing to play. Because it's got -- if we were to make an investment, it would have to be in higher-quality systems and operators. So all these trends are big, secular trends that take time to develop, and have developed, obviously, since REITs -- sort of health care REITs got into the RMZ. I mean, you can see the growth in assets that have come into public hands, and I do see that trend continuing across asset classes.
Operator: We have a next question on the line of things James Milam from Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify a comment that, Debbie, you made earlier on the call. You said you have capacity to do $1 billion of investment this year without raising equity. But what's kind of your target capital structure as you make those investments, particularly given your comments about moving up the rating scale? It's really kind of directed at how should we think about the ATM program in particular.
Debra A. Cafaro: Could you repeat the question? I'm sorry.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just how you would -- even though you have capacity to do $1 billion of investments without raising equity, what is sort of your target funding if you are to -- able to close that many new deals this year? Equity versus debt.
Debra A. Cafaro: We -- again, we're super consistent about this. So we target anywhere between 4x and 6x net debt-to-EBITDA. And so at various points in time, you'll -- we're very comfortable in that range, and so that's where we are now.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So, I guess, if you make $1 billion of investments, should we think about $500 million of equity? Or is it...
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no. What I -- no, I'm sorry. Let me repeat. We believe we could easily make over $1 billion of investments without raising any additional capital, equity capital that is. And we're very comfortable with that leverage level. So that's -- I would -- so I hope that answers the question.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes. I'm just -- I guess I'm just trying to marry that with the fact that you guys felt like it was a good opportunity to raise $85 million of equity with the ATM in April. So I'm just trying to get kind of a sense of how you're planning to use the ATM, given that comment and then what you guys did so far in the second quarter.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, with all of our capital markets, again, we try to make a decision based on all the facts and circumstances at the time, including our perception of market volatility, our perception of our capital needs and timing in terms of blackout periods and so on. So we look at all capital transactions on an audible-type basis with all facts and circumstances. And the ATM will be no exception to that.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Let me move on. I guess, I just wanted to ask for a little bit more detail on the loan investment program. And I guess, what I'm really curious is, if you could give us a little more detail in terms of the types of loans you're making, whether they're mortgages or receivables or are OpCo-type loans, where they are, Mez [ph] loans? And then, I guess, also, is this an opportunistic strategy, given the dislocation you see in the market? Or is this something that you expect to be kind of a recurring business line for an extended period of time? And that's it for me.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have -- okay. Yes, because we need to carry on. So we have, historically, with -- as did NHP, kind of 2% to 5% of our business in loans. A lot of that continues to pay off and recycle. The loans that we've made are very high quality, either senior secured loans and/or Mez [ph] loans with good loans to value and well-structured, good risk-adjusted return. And again, if you think about it, we're getting proceeds in from loan repayments, proceeds in from the syndication of parts of these loans. And then we expect to keep that overall book in balance, if you will, in that 2% to 5% range, which is exactly where we are.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Nic Yulico from Macquarie.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Ray, just turning back to the redevelopment program in senior housing. I think you said you had a $200 million pipeline. Does that kind of exhaust your redevelopment opportunities in the assets you have today? And what type of returns, can you remind us, are you retargeting on redevelopment?
Debra A. Cafaro: Just before Ray answers, we have like 1,433 assets. So I'm hopeful that the $200 million doesn't exhaust our opportunities. But I'll let Ray answer the specifics.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: No. I know what you -- I meant, all to -- since senior housing, if that's all the redevelopment opportunity left?
Raymond J. Lewis: No. No. And there's a lot of opportunity within our portfolio, both in the seniors housing operating portfolio, Nic, and our triple-net lease portfolio. I mean, the playbook is to go find assets where you've got good occupancy, strong markets and at or below market rents where you can go in and add some additional programming, add some additional units or add some upgrades to the building and amenities that could enable you to drive rate. And we've got a lot of opportunities across our portfolio, either in the operating side or the triple-net side to go do that. So, no, we're -- $200 million is just a snapshot in time. There's plenty of opportunity for us to go mine in our portfolio.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay, and the type of returns you expect on that?
Raymond J. Lewis: We're typically in the double digits, so the lower double-digit range, 10% plus.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then -- and just one last on senior housing. I mean, you did talk about -- I mean, there was the Q-over-Q sequential occupancy decline, clearly some seasonality, cold-weather probably in the Northeast. But a year ago, you didn't have that sequential decline, and so you also mentioned that you pushed rates a little harder this first quarter. How much did pushing rates attribute to the occupancy decline?
Raymond J. Lewis: So there's a couple of things that sort of explain that. Obviously, we look at the same trends. And so, one is, I think, the higher-quality, higher income properties performed better during the downturn, and coming out of the downturn, outperformed the market. So I think we saw our portfolio grow ahead of the rest of the market. So that's one thing. 2, as you point out, we are pushing the rates a little bit, so there is some fiction as you start to push rates. And then, I think the third thing to look at in this quarter in particular was it was a fairly nasty flu season. And there was a little bit higher move-out in the portfolio as a result of the flu season. So you kind of put those 3 things together and it paints the picture.
Operator: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for your questions. I'm afraid that's all the time we have today. I would now like to turn the call over to Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Nancy, and thanks to everyone for your participation. We sincerely appreciate your continued interest in Ventas, and we are looking forward to seeing you in Chicago, our hometown, in June. So thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, Debra. Thank you, all, for joining, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your call for today. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erin, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Ms. Lori Wittman, Vice President, Capital Markets. Please proceed, ma'am.
Lori Wittman: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2012. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our year-end 2012 earnings call. I'm delighted to discuss the highlights of our successful year and our expectations for a strong 2013. This morning, Ray Lewis will also discuss our portfolio performance and Rich Schweinhart will review our financial results in detail. Following those remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. 2012 was a year of successfully executing our strategy and harnessing the power of the diverse assets, platforms and people we acquired over the past several years to deliver outstanding results for our stakeholders. Our total return to investors for the year was over 22%, and over the last 13 years Ventas has delivered 32% compound annual return to shareholders. As you know, we have built a balanced business model to provide consistent superior returns in a variety of economic, reimbursement and capital market environment, and our performance demonstrates the success of that approach. Ventas total return has exceeded the U.S. REIT index and the S&P 500 in each of the trailing 1, 3, 5 and 10-year time periods. Our strategy is simple and consistent: increase diversification and private pay assets in our portfolio, grow cash flows, maintain financial strength and flexibility, improve our cost of capital, make disciplined investments and actively manage our portfolio and enterprise risks. At Ventas, we strive to achieve and sustain excellence so that we can provide consistent superior total returns to investors. Our drive for excellence is supported by 3 key activities: allocating capital, raising capital and asset management. Here are a few of our 2012 highlights. Our full-year financial results were outstanding. Normalized FFO for the year was $3.80 a share, up 13% from last year and total FFO grew 44%. Importantly, excluding non-cash items, our normalized FFO per share grew 10%. We completed $2.7 billion of investments, which were generated from all parts of our business, including existing NHP, Lillibridge, Cogdell Spencer and Ventas relationships as well as new customers. 97% of these investments were in private pay assets. Our cash unlevered yield on our 2012 real estate investment approaches 8%. We also improved our cost of capital during the year. We raised $2.6 billion in debt capital in 2012 at an interest rate of just over 3%. And our balance sheet remains pristine with debt to total capitalization a strong 31% at year-end. Our Asset Management Group and our quality tenant operators continued to drive portfolio performance this year. Same-store cash NOI in our portfolio grew 4.4% year-over-year, normalizing for the scheduled increase in the Sunrise management fee during 2012. And that doesn't even include the outstanding high-single-digit NOI growth in our Atria-managed assets, which we acquired mid-2011. As expected, we have completed signed agreements for all 89 licensed healthcare assets whose lease term comes up for renewal on May 1, 2013. This is a great example of our disciplined approach, our active portfolio management and our team's execution capabilities. We project that rent and reinvested sale proceeds on these assets should approximate $125 million in 2013. Notably, in 2012, the company generated $1 billion of cash flow from operations, a real milestone for us. Excluding litigation proceeds we received in 2011, cash flow from operations grew 74% in 2012 while our share count grew only 28% year-over-year. Even after paying dividends to our shareholders and funding recurring CapEx, retained cash flow approximated $200 million in 2012 that we redeployed toward income producing activity. Finally, at the end of the year, we made a strategic investments in Atria Senior Living, the nation's best largest senior living provider. As the senior living business continues to evolve, grow and consolidate, Ventas is poised to enjoy a meaningful role through both our real estate ownership and senior housing assets, our relationship with multiple leading care providers and our strategic investments in Atria. Today, we announced our 2013 normalized FFO guidance of $3.99 to $4.07 per share. At the midpoint of our -- of the range, our normalized FFO guidance represents 9% growth per share, excluding non-cash items. We expect net operating income or NOI to exceed $1.6 billion in 2013. As a result of our successful performance in 2012 and our confidence in cash flow growth in our business, we are pleased to announce an 8% increase in our dividend to $0.67 in the first quarter. Ventas' compound annual growth rate for dividends has been 8% for the last 8 years, and yet we retained one of the best, safest payout ratios in our sector with room for future dividend growth. We believe that our dividend is an important part of the total return proposition we offer to our shareholders. The healthcare and senior housing investment market remains very active, and we continue to see significant opportunities from this $1 trillion market that is growing, highly fragmented, rapidly changing and consolidating. It is also supported by significant demographic demand. Opportunities for external growth abound, yet we can never predict with certainty the timing or volume of our investments. We do know that our investment professionals will bring home more than our fair share of good deals that create value for Ventas and offer our sellers a reliable, customized capital solution that meets their needs. Finally, I want to publicly thank and recognize the Ventas team, which is a deep, experienced, skilled and cohesive group. Working together, they produce outstanding outcomes for our constituents year-after-year and 2012 was no exception. We will continue to raise the bar in 2013.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Our diversified and productive portfolio of 1,442 seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties turned in another year of very strong performance. For the full year, our same-store cash NOI grew by 4.4% normalizing for the 2012 scheduled increase in our Sunrise management fee so our portfolio continues to deliver consistent, reliable cash flow growth, and I'd like to take a few moments to share the highlights by segment. Let me start with our portfolio of 220 high-quality, private pay, seniors' housing operating assets. The total seniors' housing operating portfolio delivered $386.6 million of NOI after management fees in 2012 and $455.8 million before management fees, growth of 38.6% and 44.1% respectively versus the prior year. Excluding properties acquired in the fourth quarter and not included in our previous 2012 guidance, NOI totaled $386.2 million compared to our most recent range of $383 million to $385 million. Our results outperformed the top end of the range due to better-than-expected occupancy in our Atria portfolio and better-than-expected RUG-IV in Sunrise. Expenses in the fourth quarter increased in line with our expectations. Occupancy in the 212 stabilized properties finished the quarter at a very strong 92.1%. If we include a full year of results for Atria in 2011, average occupancy in the 194 same-store communities increased by 255 basis points to 90.1% in 2012. NOI before management fees was up 8.8% to $427.7 million. Importantly, each of our same-store Atria and Sunrise portfolios had both occupancy and RUG-IV growth in 2012 versus 2011. NOI before management fees for the 194 property same-store portfolio increased 6.2% in the fourth quarter of 2012 to $107.3 million compared to $101 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Occupancy increased 360 basis points and RUG-IV increased 2.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Occupancy in the 200 property same-store stable portfolio grew 130 basis points sequentially from the third to the fourth quarter of 2012 and RUG-IV was essentially unchanged. For 2013, we expect total NOI for our Atria and Sunrise senior housing portfolio to range between $430 million and $440 million, representing a same-store NOI growth rate of between 5% and 8% year-over-year. As you can see from our results again this quarter, trends in the seniors housing industry remain positive and the fundamentals are among the best of all real estate sectors. Next I'll turn to the performance of our triple net lease portfolio, which is diversified across 842 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. Same-store cash NOI was up 3% for the year. Cash flow coverage in the 374 properties in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the third quarter of 2012, the latest available information, was strong at 1.6x, and our Kindred coverage remains strong at 1.9x. We are extremely pleased with the results of the releasing process for the 89 healthcare facilities up for renewal May 1, 2013. Kindred renewed or entered into a new lease for 35 of these facilities. Of the remaining 54 assets, 49 have been leased to 7 qualified nursing operators and 5 are under contract for sale. All 7 of the operators are well-respected, private regional companies. Three are existing Ventas customers, which came through the NHP merger and 4 are new relationships. The rent and reinvestment proceeds on these assets should total $125 million in 2013. Six of these assets have already been transitioned successfully to their new operators. The remaining assets are on schedule. Post-transaction, we expect Kindred revenues to represent about 8% of our total. As you can imagine, a lot of work went into this process, and the expected successful outcome is a great testament to the abilities of our asset management and legal teams who worked tirelessly to get us to this point. Lastly, I'd like to briefly discuss Ventas' MOB portfolio of 300 consolidated properties, spanning over 16 million square feet and accounting for 17% of our annualized NOI. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the fourth quarter. Total portfolio NOI grew to $227 million, up from $106 million in 2011 due primarily to a full year of NHP results, approximately $1.2 billion of MOB acquisitions and internal cash flow growth during 2012. Cash NOI in the 69 same-store consolidated MOB portfolio increased 2.2% year-over-year and the 173 assets that we owned in the second half of both 2011 and 2012 increased 2.5% year-over-year. Occupancy in our 285 stable MOBs was a very strong 91.9% in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we continue to make progress in our lease-up portfolio with the same-store occupancy improving sequentially by 200 basis points in the 13 properties owned in both the third and fourth quarters of 2012. Finally, our consolidated MOB portfolio has grown from 9.3 million square feet at the end of 2011 to 16.1 million square feet at the end of 2012. Our MOB team has done an outstanding job of integrating Cogdell Spencer and the other acquisitions completed last year in optimizing our portfolio operations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. In the fourth quarter, we invested over $1 billion in senior housing communities, medical office buildings and secured loans. We also extinguished our $44 million obligation related to the earn-out arising out of our 2011 acquisition of the portfolio of Atria-managed senior living communities. To fund our investments, we entered into a 5-year $180 million term loan at LIBOR plus 120 bps and issued $925 million of senior notes, $700 million 5-year at 2% and $225 million, 10-year at 3.25%. For the full year, including development, redevelopment and CapEx, we invested almost $3 billion. To fund this investment, we issued a little over $340 million of equity and $2.6 billion of debt at a stated rate of 3.2%, with a weighted maturity of 7.7 years. Our revolver balance at year-end was $541 million. Now let me focus on fourth-quarter results. Fourth quarter 2012 normalized FFO was $0.99 per diluted share, an increase of 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 per share results of $0.89. Normalized FFO increased 13% to $294 million compared to last year's fourth quarter of $259 million. Fourth quarter 2012 normalized FFO increased from last year's fourth quarter due to our $2.7 billion in 2012 investments, NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, offset somewhat by higher interest expense due to higher debt balances from our acquisition activity. On the expense side, our average cash interest rate improved 70 basis points to 4.1% at December 31, 2012, compared to December 31, 2011. In total, consolidated interest expense increased to $77 million this quarter from $67 million last year, reflecting all of the debt activity in the last 4 quarters. Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $8.7 million to this quarter's $293.6 million, primarily due to third and fourth quarter investments and an increase in interest income on loans due to a note repayment in excess of carrying value and lower G&A expenses partially offset by an increase in interest expense to fund our investments. In September, we have closed or collected about $120 million due to asset sales, proceeds and investment and loan repayments. The weighted average cash yield on these dispositions and loans was 7.7%. Comparing full year 2012 to 2011, normalized FFO increased 44% to $1.1 billion compared to last year's $777 million. Normalized FFO was $3.80 per diluted share, an increase of 13% compared to 2011 per share results of $3.37. Non-cash items totaled $0.20 a share in 2012, as detailed on Page 12 of the press release. Weighted average shares outstanding for 2012 were 295 million shares, up 28% compared to 2011. 2012 normalized FFO increased from last year due to our $2.7 billion of investments in 2012, the full year effect of our 2011 investments and portfolio NOI increases, partially offset by higher interest expense, increases in G&A and the Sunrise management fee and income reductions from our asset sales and loan repayments. We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities increased 28% to $1 billion for 2012 from $773 million in 2011 and 74% if you exclude the 2011 litigation proceeds. At December 31, our credit stats were outstanding, with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 5.4x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt to enterprise value at 31%. In December, Moody's raised our stable outlook to positive. We are currently rated Baa2+. We are initiating our 2013 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.99 to $4.07. At the midpoint of the range, that is growth of 6% and 9% excluding non-cash items. 2013 non-cash items are currently estimated to total $0.12 per share, as detailed on Page 12 of our press release. Our 2013 guidance assumes about $100 million of acquisitions under contract, about $300 million of dispositions and loan repayments and $400 million of debt financing. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector from Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jana for Jeff Spector. I was curious, Ray, in your expectations for 2013 guidance, what are you thinking about same-store NOI growth for the MOB portfolio and the triple net portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: So for the MOB portfolio, it will be plus or minus 3% and then in the triple net portfolio, 2% to 3%.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And it looks like you have some MOB leases rolling over. I was just curious if you could provide an update on those.
Raymond J. Lewis: So yes, if you look in the supplemental at our lease maturity schedule and you look at what we got coming up in 2013, it's about 11% of the total MOB rent, which is pretty consistent with historical levels there, so it's just normal ordinary course.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Now that your Kindred 2013 expirations are done, congratulations on that by the way, when does the next pool of Kindred leases expire and when do you expect to approach them about a potential renewal?
Debra A. Cafaro: We are very pleased with our efforts to re-lease the 2013s as we expected, and those transitions, as Ray said, have begun and will be continued, and we expect to complete that process for the 2013s in the coming months. The next pool of assets that are subject to renewal would be in mid-2015.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So when do you typically approach the tenants about a renewal or when does those discussions start?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the important point to remember about the Kindred master leases is that those master leases and the structured master leases is set up to protect Ventas. Relative to the 2015s, Kindred has 5-year renewal option, and that option rate has to be exercised no later than April of 2014. And if Kindred chooses to renew, the leases would carry on at an escalated basis starting in 2015, and if they do not, then, of course, our team will get back to work and re-lease those assets as we're doing right now for the 2013s.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then with your skilled nursing coverage ratios down to 1.7x right now, where do you -- or do you have a sense where those ratios will stabilize after the mitigation efforts are fully reflected in the coverage ratios?
Debra A. Cafaro: As you know, this quarter in the supplemental represents the first quarter where the trailing 12 months fully reflects the loss of the RUG-IV revenues that the nursing home operators got in the prior calendar year. And so this is a level where at least relative to prior sequestration or prior any other changes, we think it's a stable level of EBITDARM coverage at the 1.7x.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So you think that going forward the next few quarter or the next few quarters, once the mitigation efforts are beginning to be fully reflected, you're not going to see too much improvement from the 1.7x mark?
Debra A. Cafaro: That will depend again on what changes positive or negative you see in the forward reimbursement environment and what the cost structure of the operators is and how those interrelate with each other, but we think this is a relatively stable level for the time being.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you talk about the types of things you're doing around expense management in the shop portfolio? It looks like expense for the same-store stabilized assets increased a little under 9% year-over-year. How much of that was tied to the growth in occupancy, and I'm guessing only about 200 bps is the higher management fees?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, the management fees do account for a big chunk of those expense increases. We work very closely with our operators to manage the expenses. You would also expect to see, as occupancy increases by 360 basis points, that your labor, which accounts for about 60% of the expenses, would increase as well. So I think when you factor in the labor increases and the management fee increases and look at the balance of the expenses, they would be within normal tolerances.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. So it would be fair to say maybe 300 bps of that is related to maybe performance incentives or improving occupancy in the fourth quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, remember, the change in the management fee is -- has to do with the scheduled increase that took effect in 2012 because we had a 3.75% benefit in 2011. So that was a significant portion of it when it reverted to a contractual 6% level in 2012. And then there was some amount of incentive management fee because the Sunrise assets obviously did exceptionally well.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. Okay, and then I guess more of a strategy question, we've seen some really good growth metrics in the RIDEA portfolio and the outlook for 2013 is positive. Would you ever look to convert some of the triple net leases over to operating assets? Or will you look to grow shop more through new investments?
Debra A. Cafaro: That's an important question. We've had a very defined strategy around senior housing operating assets, which the market often refers to as RIDEA, and our strategy there has been to get the highest and best-quality asset with the highest growth potential in the best markets with the best operators that has, simply stated, the most growth potential with the most protected downside. And that's really been our Atria and Sunrise portfolio, and that strategy is working with those high-single-digit growth NOI levels that we're seeing. So the most important part of our strategy is really when we acquire things, what assets and what operators we're having in the management structure.
Raymond J. Lewis: And, Jack, I would just add a little color to that. We've got a lot of those similar types of assets in our triple-net lease portfolio as well, although because they're high-growing assets that have a lot of NOI growth, the operators generally prefer to keep them in that lease structure so that they can receive the benefit of that cash flow growth.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Milam from Sandler O'Neil.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I just want to ask the first one on the balance sheet. I guess, can you talk about your expectations for the maturity that you may pursue with the $400 million debt offering that you talked about, and then also with the line of credit balance at $540,000 does that include -- or actually, I assume that doesn't include the first quarter maturity being repaid so I'm curious if there are any other sources of capital that you guys are looking at for 2013?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, we're -- as you mentioned, we're forecasting, assuming no additional unannounced acquisitions, about $400 million of debt financing and, of course, the most important thing to think about when you think about Ventas is that despite our above-average dividend increase of 8%, we also would expect to generate after dividends almost $300 million of free cash flow in 2013. So that's also a very significant and important source of capital for us.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So that effectively $500 million on the line plus $250 million of the maturity, and then you basically outlined $700 million of sources, is that the way we should think about it?
Debra A. Cafaro: That's a great way to think about it, yes. That's essentially the way we'd forecast.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just bigger picture, you guys have done more 5- and 7-year maturities than 10-year maturities, at least in 2012. I'm just curious if in 2013 your intent would be to lengthen maturities or I know there's another hole in the maturity schedule around 2020, if you would maybe look to fill that first.
Debra A. Cafaro: Are you turning into a bond guy?
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'm just curious, 10-year bonds costs a little bit more than 7-year bonds, and that affects free cash flow to equity. That's all I'm after.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, no, one of the things that we really feel is a core competency and is one of the most important things that we have to be excellent at is raising capital. And so our team is constantly looking at different types of capital, different tenures on debt maturities, different structures, and we're trying to get a staggered debt maturity schedule, a balanced capital structure, and we're also trying to pick the right spot at the right time in the market. And all those things affect our decisions about how we go to market, when we go to market and what product or tenure we're choosing. So we will hopefully make the right decisions for the capital structure and for the shareholders when we raise that this year.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then so I just want to ask one on the re-leasing, it looks like the rents based upon the numbers that you provided for the 54 skilled nursing facilities are down about 10% over where they were with Kindred. So I guess, a, am I correct in that thinking; b, what is the coverage on the new leases; and then, c, how does that affect your thoughts? I know 2015 is still a couple of years out, but as you look at the re-leased assets coming up then and then that's it for me.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, well, thanks, James. First of all, we're very pleased with the outcome on the 2013s. It's very consistent with our expectations. And we believe that this is a real great opportunity for us to achieve greater diversification and the same amount of rent. As we look forward, we think Kindred is going to be about 8% of revenues for Ventas in 2013, and so we feel good about where we are. You have to think about these -- again, I said the master lease of the bundle structure protects Ventas, and that's because this is really a pool of cash flow and a pool of rent. So if you think about it, basically, you got more rent on some and a little bit less rent on others, but at the end of the day, the same NOI level obtains. And as I was thinking about it this morning, if we were David Simon and we had 20 malls and we had Saks in 20 stores at a $1 a rent a year, and Saks decided not to continue and we went out and we re-leased 10 of the stores for $1 and 5 of them for $1.25 and 5 of them for $0.75, then we're in the same spot, and that's what good real estate companies do and that's part of our business, and we're just applying that same level of kind of re-tenanting expertise to the healthcare business. So you have to think about it as a pool of cash flow and a pool of assets and what those assets in total are going to generate in rent. And we've we thought that we could replace the current rent levels, and that's exactly what we're doing.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And I'm sorry, can you give the coverage for the new leases?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, if you think about what the coverage is now and you assume the rent is the same, you would imagine that the coverage would be about the same. Now if the operators turn out to have lower cost structures, it could go up a little bit. If reimbursement changes, if it goes up or down, that could obviously affect it, but you would imagine if rent is the same, the coverage would be the same.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Right, but for the 54, if I -- it sounds like the rent is a little bit lower on the 54. That's the reason for the question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, remember, that the LTACs went up, $6 million, $5 million, $6 million, and so that's the offsetting -- those are offsetting, and that's why you come back again to the pool concept and the same amount of rent.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to focus on the Atria Senior Living acquisition that was done at the end of last year, and the minorities that you guys now have in the management company. Would like a little bit more color in regards to why exactly you decided to do that, what kind of returns are you generally expecting from that business?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, well, let's recap. Thank you for asking, because we're actually very excited about the transaction and because we announced it on December 24, I think we haven't gotten to talk about it as much as we would like. I mean, the fundamental transaction is this: We paid $242 million, and we bought the fund, which owned 3.7 million shares of Ventas, which at that time was worth maybe $230-something million, and we bought a third stake in the Atria management company, which as I mentioned is the fifth-largest provider of senior care in the United States. And so that investment is really a strategic investment for us. The management team now owns the other 2/3 of the business. So it provides great alignment and Atria is in a great, great spot really to continue to grow and we hope to grow with them.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, I could we talk a little just about what kind of return you expect and what the overall profitability of that business is? I'd also...
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we expect to make money on that investment, and the business is very stable. It has about $30 million of cash on hand, and we expect to make a profit on the investment, but the real reason that we're doing it is to have alignment with our provider and to help them grow. I mean, the investment itself is very, very small.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful then. I guess for me, it's just, again, I would like a bit more of a defensive move kind of given what had happened at Sunrise, more so than anything else or...
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, as you know, we're all about offense and defense, and this is a great -- again, Atria is well-positioned and so are we, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to really take advantage of this operator consolidation craze and the changes in the senior housing business. And so Atria is in a good spot, and we are in a great spot with our third investment to have a lot of options going forward in the senior housing business.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just second question -- one more question, I'm sorry. On the -- in regards to acquisitions on a going-forward basis, specifically life sciences, I know we've brought this up with you at different times, but right now that entire sector is going gangbusters. And I was just very curious if your thoughts towards an investment in life sciences had changed or had evolved since the last time we talked about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think we felt the same for a while. So there's no change in our position.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley from Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of the acquisitions pipeline, in the prepared remarks, you said that opportunities are down. Can you just give us a sense of sort of the size of the pipeline that you're looking at and where some of the better opportunities might be within seniors housing operating assets and just having triple-net assets, medical office or even potentially skilled nursing again?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the pipeline is very active and very large, as it has been for the past multiple years. And again, we are in a great sector for external growth, and I think we're very well-positioned with all of our relationships. And it's really across the sector: senior housing, medical office and the government reimburse sectors as well as others, and so we feel really good about the forward environment.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just given the strong fundamentals in the seniors housing side of the business, how should we think about Page 18 of your supplemental with development pipeline? You've currently got about $60 million of projects under construction. Are you and the Atria team seeing more opportunity and a more development feasibility starting to stack up, given rent and occupancy growth?
Debra A. Cafaro: We are seeing significant redevelopment opportunities in particular, and Ray can add to that comment. And then we would expect at any given time to have $100 million to $200 million of development, redevelopment projects kind of in progress. _
Raymond J. Lewis: But, Quentin, as we've seen in the time period that we've owned the Atria assets, the redevelopment projects have been a great addition to the growth of the NOI of the portfolio, and so we're going back through the portfolio, combing it, trying to find more and more of those opportunities and accelerate that activity. So you might see us do a little bit more of that in the near term.
Debra A. Cafaro: And you also might see some income-returning investments in our triple-net portfolio as well, where we can get above-average risk-adjusted return on existing assets.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Debbie, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. Just thinking about just the opportunities abound, which Quentin mentioned, how does that translate relative to sort of U.S. versus other potential markets? I mean, do you have stuff that you're looking at expanding in Canada at all and adding to those investments, after you had done Sunrise a number of years ago or other global markets or is it -- or is the main focus continuing to be U.S.?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, the domestic opportunities, given the fragmentation in the market and the need for capital and the consolidation in the market as well as just all the change within the healthcare and senior housing business, we have a ton of opportunities domestically. We certainly have talked about and from time to time, look at international opportunities in Canada and elsewhere. And if we found something that worked for us, we would attempt to see if it works for our shareholders, so -- but the focus continues to be on the domestic opportunities.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And is there anything in terms -- in the loan book right now that we should be aware of that converting into real estate into fee at all?
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, when we make loans, we consider them for repayment rather than loan-to-own so that's how you should think about it.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And what's the maturity of -- in terms of that $700 million obviously you're earning a pretty good rate. Does any of that mature this year or next?
Debra A. Cafaro: No. I mean, we have small amount, obviously, that paid off last year and that's in our disposition and loan repayments kind of section that we talk about. It was about $420 million last year and then this year we're modeling about $300 million of -- it's mostly asset sales, but it also is a little bit of loan repayments, but very little in the loan book in 2013.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is there anything on the hospitals that, I guess, obviously, is in a size of investment relative to the company is the smallest piece. Is there anything changing on that end where some of that real estate can be unlocked?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that we have made the case over time that real estate assets will ultimately flow to the most sufficient owners. And I think the capital, the capital needs in the hospital business and the hospital business is enormous. The capital needs are great, and the sources of capital available to hospitals continue to be constrained and a little bit more expensive. And so over time, I would imagine that opportunities will present themselves that are perhaps higher quality than the kinds of hospital opportunities that have been available in the past.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how would you think about -- if you were to own those assets, about the security of that income, but also the growth underlying that income of owning hospital assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, it would really be just like any other underwriting that we do in, in any of our sectors, which is to understand what the sustainable cash flow and cash flow growth is, what the volatility is, and then what the risk-adjusted return and coverage should be. So it's just a different analysis depending on which subsector, but it's the same principle.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just one last question, just in terms of the dividend, the dividend went up 8%, cash flow growth is 9%, is there any reason why you just didn't match them completely?
Debra A. Cafaro: We like to be -- we like the 8 in 8 years, but I think that we have a really good record of increasing dividends at above average cash flow level at about average rates, but also retaining more cash flow every year to reinvest and continue and grow. And that's how we think about it, and hopefully, we'll be able to continue that trend in the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I want to return to the senior housing portfolio and what's embedded in the guidance for 2013. Given that the portfolio's over 90% occupancy, are you looking at, say, improved rate growth into 2013, 4% or 5% margin expansion? Just want to understand what's embedded in that senior housing guidance?
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure, let me just give you the basic assumptions, and perhaps, that will answer your question. I think, just to go back to the basics, we've given a range of $430 million to $440 million, which represents 5% to 8% growth year-over-year. Embedded in that, at the midpoint, we're sort of looking at occupancy going up around 200 basis points, rate going up around 3% and then your margins would expand slightly, maybe 30 basis points or so, and that's the basic assumption that we're using going into the modeling.
Debra A. Cafaro: And that's a comparison versus a full year 2012...
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, those are averages, yes, against -- thank you, Debbie, those are against the averages for the year.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So if I was to go 4Q to 4Q, I guess, the average would -- the occupancy increase would be a lot less than that, but I imagine it's -- what you're expecting is something close to what the industry might be, 100 basis points of occupancy, would that be the right way to think about it?
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, more or less.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then also maybe I missed something prior to the press release or earlier in the call, but your secured loan balance on the balance sheet jumped $400 million. I don't know if you could just talk about what that is and make sure I understand what that secured loan was?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, when we put out our press release at the end of the year in terms of our year-end investments, we did -- we made about $400 million of senior secured loans.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is that all seniors housing then?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it's in the healthcare space, yes. It's not all senior housing. It's a mixture.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then also just thinking of that in terms of the acquisition environment and pricing, obviously, the 10-year has gone up over 2%. Debbie, you were on a panel at ASHA where, I think, Noah Levy of Prudential indicated he thought assisted-living cap rates could back up given how close those cap rates were to IL. Given where interest rates are, given what your capital structure is, how are you thinking about what you are willing to pay for acquisitions in 2013 versus 2012? Is it about the same level? Or you think you're going to be a little bit more cautious on how you bid for assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, I think what's been great about Ventas is we have been able to acquire $14 billion or more of assets over the past couple of years, and our unlevered returns are quite high. This year, the 2.7 was the cash on levered yields approaching 8%. So that's been outstanding, and one of the ways that we think about acquisitions is to try to be kind of ahead of the herd as we acquire things. And I think we can still acquire assets in our core sectors at attractive risk-adjusted returns, depending on the growth profile for those assets. We'll continue to watch replacement cost levels as we make acquisitions, as we always do. And we'll be a disciplined acquirer, but I do think the environment continues to be good for us to be able to add value through our acquisition activity.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. But do you think cap rates are about the same as 2012? Or do you think they can compress further and back up, I mean, just...
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I think they're about the same.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are you seeing any additional competition from, say, private equity or other investors getting excited about seniors housing and MOBs? Or do you expect the REITs to continue to be probably the highest bidder, lowest cost of capital in the healthcare space?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we're always glad when other people discover the benefits of our asset base as the largest owner of some of these sectors, and I'd say it's always been competitive, and it still is competitive. But as I said, we have a great team, great relationship, and I think we'll get more than our fair share.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Theiler from Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Hey, I just wanted to follow-up on the question that James was asking about the coverage on the re-leased Kindred assets. For those re-leased assets, I understand that different operators can have different cost structures and maybe produce different results, but if you just assumed it was the same run rate that Kindred was doing, what would the coverage be, I guess, over all on those re-leased assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, if you look at the supplemental, you see that the Kindred EBITDARM coverages on SNFs are about 1.5x now, so you guess in the kind of 1.5x plus or minus range, assuming...
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So 1.5x EBITDARM coverage on those re-leased assets. And what are the -- just the escalators on those on average?
Debra A. Cafaro: The new leases are about 11 years, and the average escalation is about 2.5%.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: 2.5%?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, how are you thinking about skilled nursing these days? You're not really going out and actively acquiring the asset, but you only sold a few of them. Do you think that the risk is being overpriced in the private market, i.e., cap rates are too high so they're not a great sale target right now? Or how do you view that property sector in general?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we have taken a deliberately private-pay approach to most of our investment activity. We've always been a supporter of the skilled nursing and post-acute business. It is a low-cost provider, and it has a place in a healthcare REIT portfolio. It has a place in the delivery of healthcare in the United States, but we have, since probably 2010 been very active in building the private pay part of our business, and that's kind of where we are now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Truxillo from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Appreciate all the comments from James earlier on the balance sheet and source in uses of cash. You also have about $283 million of secured debt coming due in 2013, how should we think about that and your attempts to kind of reduce your secured average?
Debra A. Cafaro: Whenever we have a chance to pay off secured debt in our consolidated portfolio, we will do it.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, easy enough. And then the second question is, you talked about continuing to buy the best and the highest quality assets and being interested in doing that in kind of an operating senior housing portfolio, obviously, that adds some risks to your income statement even though the outlook is very positive now. Can you talk about maybe your willingness to continue to grow that portion of your portfolio as a percentage of total portfolio, and then do you think that changes the way you need to manage the balance sheet in any way to offset some of that income statement risk?
Debra A. Cafaro: I totally disagree with the statement and the premise. These are the best assets in our industry with very, very stable operating histories. They had positive -- this industry had positive NOI growth through the financial crisis and recession, which is the only real estate asset class to deliver that kind of performance, and that's because the assets are need-based. They're supported by strong demographic growth in the over-85 population, and we have the data that supports that performance through basically a depression in the United States. And so I think these assets are our best assets, and ones that actually improve the reliability of our cash flow. And if you look at our total NOI of, let's call it, $1.6 billion next year and this is a quarter of that, if it goes up or down 2% or whatever, that is an absolute immaterial impact on our cash flow and our debt coverages. So I think this portfolio improves the reliability of Ventas as a company and as a debt issuer. And we believe it's going to grow, as Ray said, 5% to 8% same-store as we look into 2013.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I should have asked it a different way because I agree with all your points there. Have you had any luck in convincing rating agencies that that's the way they should look at it, given that HCP has been kind of given higher credit ratings than you? And how do you...
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, Moody's moved us to positive in December, and I think that as the assets continue to perform and the facts become known, you can't fight the facts. And the performance has been very strong and reliable, and the most important thing is that we have a huge business with scale that's balanced and diversified. And that is the best possible thing for bondholders and equity holders alike. So, Tom, we're going to have to move on to the next question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nic Yulico from Macquarie.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: For the 5 assets that were sold to Kindred SNFs, can you just talk about why they were sold and not re-leased?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we -- as we looked through the portfolio, we thought that these were assets that we would like to sell, and so we put them in the sale bucket as opposed to the re-leasing bucket.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: And what was the cap rate on these assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: The cap rate is -- the total proceeds are maybe about $9 million or $10 million.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: That's the total cash proceeds?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just lastly, just going back to the coverage question, I mean, Kindred, if you go back to the fall, they gave a 2013 coverage pro forma for the 54 SNFs they weren't renewing, and it was 1.15x EBITDAR. And so I guess I'm wondering you said there could be a different cost structure, a new operator, but I mean is that a coverage that you ended up writing these new rents at that level of coverage?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, if you look at all the portfolio right now in the supplemental, basically, after all the RUGs has -- the RUGs removal has washed its way through the system and then before perhaps all the mitigation has taken effect, you're right about somewhere in our portfolio for skilled nursing between 1.5x and a 1.7x EBITDARM coverage. And then depending on what the overhead you want to allocate as a percentage of revenues, you get down to, let's call it, a 1.3x, 1.2x EBITDARM coverage, and we're perfectly comfortable with that.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: So I mean, it's fair to assume that you wrote rents at a similar coverage set, 1.2x-type EBITDARM coverage?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, which again makes sense because the assets are profitable, and will continue to be profitable to the new tenants.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just quickly, real quick for, Ray, the same store for Atria, Sunrise, 5% to 8%, is that before or after management or doesn't matter?
Raymond J. Lewis: That's after management fee, and it doesn't really matter...
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It doesn't really matter because you have the full 2012?
Raymond J. Lewis: That's exactly right.
Debra A. Cafaro: You got it.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Debbie, I guess, just rebutting a little bit on the RIDEA strategy and all that, do you ever wonder what the other side of the table was thinking in the sense that different views on the same subject or what make transactions happen, so maybe they know something that others don't, and that's why they're so willing maybe to do an operating lease as opposed to a triple-net lease. Is there any -- what would you say to that comment?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I would say that I love our portfolio, and it's delivering single-digit, high-single-digit growth, and it's really just a little bit of a strategic matter relative to the operators and how they're going to organize their business. You see that in the hotel sector as well.
Raymond J. Lewis: And sellers sell for different reasons, Rich. I mean, if you look at the Lazard situation, they've been in the investment for a long time. Sunrise REIT was an M&A opportunity, so you have different reasons.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What would you say the RIDEA premium you require versus a comparable triple-net execution would be?
Debra A. Cafaro: So we look at every deal to judge whether on many, many different metrics, it will create value and it is a good risk-adjusted return for that investment. And then, well, how it fits into the overall Ventas balance that we want to have in our portfolio. So I think it's really just a case-by-case basis, depending on the quality of the assets, the growth we expect, the markets, the operator, is it a new relationship with someone, is it a pool, et cetera? And all of those factors really go into how we price our investments and how we decide whether to go forward or not. And I would say that, again, our strategy that we've put in place with a balanced portfolio, the percentage of our portfolio that's in these high-quality senior housing assets, coupled with the stability of the triple nets and the MOBs, has been working very, very well.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What is the premium for the Atria RIDEA structure? Could you comment on that?
Debra A. Cafaro: I really don't even understand the question in terms of premium or not. We look at it and we say, "Would we be happy to own these assets at a pick a number, 6.5 cap rate with a high-single-digits growth rate" and the answer, in these primary markets with barriers to entry, the answer is a resounding yes.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So it's mutually exclusive. Last question, what is the risk of owning 34% of the management company, I mean, knowing the bogey is 35%, what could happen to trip that number and then what would happen in that circumstance?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have, I've been walking around glued to our tax guy, who's kept us on good stead in the REIT compliance area for 13 years. And I would say we're well in compliance, and we expect to stay so, and we have lots of protections to make sure that's the case as we always would do.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is there a cure period?
Debra A. Cafaro: The REIT statute itself does have cure provisions in it, but we would not expect to need to rely upon that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Rich, thanks for hanging out with us till the end. We really appreciate it, and we want to close the call with appreciation to all of you for listening, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in the next couple of weeks. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janina, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Lori Wittman, Vice President, Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Lori Wittman: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the Company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on the management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the Company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the Company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome Ventas' third quarter 2012 earnings call. Today, I'm pleased to share an overview of our excellent results, investment activities and outlook for the balance of the year, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and Rich Schweinhart will review our financial results. We'll be delighted to answer your questions following our remarks. The Ventas business continues to thrive, demonstrating our ability to grow because of our high-performing diverse portfolio driven by demographic demand and our robust disciplined investment activities. We are executing on our 3 pillars of excellence: Capital raising, capital allocation and asset management, which are producing consistent superior results. Quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, we have put great numbers on the board with minimal volatility. Ventas posted outstanding third quarter results. Normalized FFO this quarter with $0.96 per share, up 9% from last year and total FFO grew 12%. Year-to-date cash flow from operations grew 60%. Our growth rate is especially impressive because this is the first quarter of year-over-year comparisons that include the NHP and Atria acquisitions in the prior period. Internal and external growth drove our superior result. We enjoyed fantastic performance in our Sunrise and Atria assets, which grew NOI 10% and occupancy 300 basis points, as well as robust accretive investment activity. Since the beginning of 2011, we have completed about $13 billion of acquisitions, including $1.7 billion year-to-date. Our unlevered yield on these high-quality year-to-date acquisition exceeds an outstanding 7.5%. In addition, our average cash debt costs continue to improve. We issued $275 million and 10-year bonds at 3/4. And just yesterday, closed a new $180-million 5-year funded term loan with the current rate of under 1.5%. Since the second quarter call, we've closed over $400 million of investments in mostly private pay assets, including 36 high-quality medical office buildings or MOBs, on-campus or affiliated with AA-rated hospital system. With access to an outstanding combination of internal and external sources, we are well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities in the highly fragmented and growing $1 trillion healthcare real estate market. Our acquisition pipeline is very active with potential deals emanating from Ventas, Lillibridge and NHP legacy relationship, as well as from new sellers eager to enter a market that can produce win-win outcomes for buyers and sellers. We began our acquisition charge 2 years ago, and the benefits of our strategy are clear today. Our focus is, as it always has been, on creating shareholder value. The strategy we articulated over a decade ago to become a leading player in our consolidating, dynamic sector with a disciplined approach to building a diversified portfolio with a private pay focus is serving us and our shareholders well. Ventas' need-based business continues to generate reliable demographic demand, furthered by policy shifts to lower-cost setting. These benefits translate into property performance that is the most positive and least volatile of all real estate asset classes. At quarter end, we maintained a fortuitous balance sheet at 29% that's enterprise value. We currently have $1.6 billion in available liquidity. Our strength in liquidity allow us to take advantage of opportunities and be a safe haven for investors in a disrupted market. We are raising our full-year normalized FFO guidance to $3.76 to $3.78 per share, representing 12% per share normalized year-over-year FFO growth if achieved. Excluding non-cash items in both periods, the growth rate would be 9% per share. Finally, we view our dividend and dividend growth as an important component of delivering consistent superior total return to shareholders. Our annual dividend growth has been 10% over the past 10 years, market-leading performance. Our current dividend represents just 66% of our updated 2012 normalized FFO per share guidance and 70% excluding non-cash items. We have confidence in our team and our balanced business model. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over to Ray to discuss this quarter's portfolio results.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Our diversified portfolio, 1,428 properties, turned in another quarter of excellent performance. We now derive 81% of our revenues and 70% of our NOI from private pay assets. Once again, our high-quality, higher growth seniors housing assets and our stable MOBs and triple net leases provided the winning combination of growth and defense that has been the centerpiece of our strategy. In the quarter, our same-store cash NOI grew 3.5% versus the third quarter of last year, and 4.4% normalizing for last year's reduced Sunrise management fee. Starting first with our 212 property seniors housing operating portfolio. This segment contributes 26% of our NOI, and is comprised of high-quality, independent and assisted-living communities in affluent markets around major Metropolitan areas managed by Sunrise and Atria. Our seniors housing operating portfolio turned in an exceptionally strong performance in the third quarter with positive sequential and year-over-year increases in occupancy, NOI and RUG-IV. The total seniors housing operating portfolio delivered $100.2 million of NOI after management fees in the third quarter, and $118.3 million before management fees, growth of 15.3% and 19.4%, respectively versus the prior year. NOI before management fees for the 194 properties same-store portfolio increased 9.7% in the third quarter to $108.6 million, compared to $99 million in the third quarter of 2011. And NOI after management fees was $92.3 million, up about 6.3% year-over-year. Same-store unit occupancy continued this upward trend, increasing 300 basis points year-over-year to 90.6%. Same-store sequential unit occupancy grew 140 basis points. The occupancy gains in the lease up portfolio have likewise been very strong. For example, the Atria-managed business at Longmont, which we acquired in March at approximately 82% occupancy is now 98% occupied. Atria of Hudson, which reopened in April of last year, is now fully occupied, and Atria of Glen Cove, which reopened in October of last year is now 84% occupied. So we continue to add cash flow growth and value through our portfolio redevelopment plan and acquisition strategy with Atria. Consistent with what we said on our last call, expenses increased slightly this quarter, and we expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter. And consistent with historical trends, we expect that occupancy will start to decline in the back end of the fourth quarter. So our highly productive best in class seniors housing operating portfolio continues to perform extremely well. And we have increased our NOI expectations for the full year to $383 million to $385 million from $375 million to $381 million. Let me turn to the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets with over 70 quality tenets. These assets are generally in pooled multi-facility long-term master leases with credit and structural support. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the second quarter of 2012 was strong at 1.7x. And our Kindred coverage remains strong at 2x. In late July, CMS published its final increase in Medicare reimbursement rates for the 2013 fiscal year. Skilled nursing will receive a net increase of 1.8%, and LTACs will go up by 1.7%. These increases took effect at the beginning of October 2012 but do not reflect the impact of sequestration, should it occur. Before leaving the triple-net lease portfolio, let me touch on the releasing process on our Kindred skilled nursing facilities. As a reminder, there's a total of $126 million of rent -- of Kindred rent up for renewal in 2013, of which we have already replaced approximately $75 million. We have been marketing the remaining 54 properties for releasing since the mid-second quarter of this year. The process is going very well, and we are moving into the selection phase. Interest in the portfolio is strong, and we have multiple bids to lease the assets from both existing and new relationships for Ventas. We expect to complete the releasing in stages or clusters and that the total rent on the assets up for renewal should approximate the current rent level. We are excited about the opportunity this process provides Ventas to expand its tenant base and diversify its tenant relationships with multiple quality operators. We are confident that we will execute the releasing process to a successful outcome and look forward to providing you with more information through the end of this year. Finally, I'd like to discuss Ventas' MOB portfolio of 292 consolidated properties spanning 15.7 million square feet, which accounts for 17% of our annualized NOI. These well-occupied, on-campus properties affiliated with highly rated health systems have core-like characteristics, but provide above core returns. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the second -- for the third quarter. Cash NOI in the 173 same-store consolidated MOBs that we owned in both third quarter of 2011 and 2012 increased 4.7% year-over-year, driven primarily by increases in rate and expense controls offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Occupancy in our 279 stable MOBs was 91.6% in the third quarter. Also, during the quarter we delivered 2 MOBs totaling 302,000 square feet and over $80 million in total development costs. Both are 100% leased. One in Mission Hills, California, is silver lead eligible and affiliated with a AA-rated hospital system. The second, developed by Cogdell, is on the campus of a leading hospital in Duluth, Minnesota. These developments provide great risk-adjusted returns of 7% to 7.5%. So our medical office business is providing excellent performance, and we are continuing to see good development in leasing activity. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The following significant events occurred in the third quarter. After August 1, we made $368 million of investments including acquiring 80% to 95% share in 2 medical office buildings JVs. These joint ventures were previously partially owned and included in investments in unconsolidated entities on the balance sheet and income from unconsolidated entities on the statement of income. They are fully consolidated, beginning on the acquisition date. On August 3, we issued $275 million of 10-year 3/4 senior notes. That same day, we prepaid a 200 million, 4% term loan maturing in September of 2013. On July 2, we repaid that maturity $73 million of 8 1/4% senior notes, which were fair valued when acquired at a GAAP effective rate of 1.6%. On September 28, we repaid $153 million of 5.9% mortgage debt with a scheduled maturity of January 1, 2013, which was fair valued when acquired and a GAAP effective rate of 3.1%. Please note that improved cash interest rates on refinanced debt don't always translate into FFO or net income pickups because the Atria and NHP debt was marked-to-market at GAAP rates averaging less than 4% versus almost 6% cash coupons. The positive benefits from refinancing higher cash coupon bonds and mortgage debt with more favorably priced debt has begun to show up in our cash flows. Our revolver balance at quarter-end was $705 million. Currently, we have unrestricted cash of $63 million, $435 million outstanding on the revolver and approximately $1.6 billion of capacity available. Now, let me focus on third quarter results, which, for the first time, contained both NHP and Atria in the prior comparison period. Third quarter 2012 normalized FFO was $0.96 per diluted share, an increase of 9%, compared to the third quarter of 2011 per share results of $0.88. Normalized FFO increased 12% to $285 million, compared to last year's third quarter of $255 million. We have detailed the non-cash items included in normalized FFO on Page 18 of the supplemental. Normalized FFO in the third quarter excludes the net benefit totaling $22 million from real estate activity, gain on extinguishment of debt and non-cash income tax benefit, offset by a merger expenses related to expenses -- excuse me, merger-related expenses and deal costs, mark-to-market adjustment for derivatives and amortization of other intangibles. Third quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's third quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments: Triple-net, Senior Housing Operating and Medical Office. And our $1.7 billion year-to-date acquisitions, offset somewhat by higher G&A expenses, interest expense due to higher debt balances from our acquisition activity and increases in the Sunrise management fee. Income from loans and investments was $9 million this quarter, down $1 million from $10 million per last year's third quarter due to repayments in our loan portfolio. On the expense side, consolidated interest expense increased to $75 million this quarter from $69.5 million last year, reflecting the assumed debt due to the Cogdell and MOB JV acquisitions as well as all the debt activity in the last 4 quarters. Our average interest rate improved 60 basis points to 4.4% from 5.0% last year. Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $7.1 million to this quarter's $284.9 million primarily due to third quarter acquisitions and third quarter NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, partially offset by increases in interest due to acquisitions. Since July, we have closed or collected about $87 million of the asset sale proceeds and our loan repayments we discussed on our second quarter call. The weighted average cash yield on these dispositions and loans was 6.8%, and the GAAP yield was 8.4%. We are forecasting an additional $56 million or so of disposition or loan receipts by the end of the year. We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities increased 60% to $709 million in the 9-month year-to-date in 2012 from $444 million in the first 9 months of last year. Our weighted average share count for the same period increased less than 40%. At September 30, our credit stats were outstanding with a net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 5.0x. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt to enterprise value of 29%. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter were 297 million shares, up 2%, compared to the third quarter of last year, and up compared to the second quarter this year, reflecting the issuance of almost 6 million shares in June of 2012. We are raising our 2012 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $3.76 to $3.78 from $3.70 to $3.74. This increase in guidance, since we spoke last to you, is primarily the result of stronger performance from our portfolio and additional acquisition accretion. Guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jana for Jeff. I wanted to ask you, you had very strong impressive occupancy growth in the operating senior housing assets, but the triple-net senior housing portfolio lost a little occupancy. I was curious if you could comment on the differences between the portfolios, and why one is performing at a better level in terms of occupancy?
Raymond J. Lewis: It's Ray. Remember that the triple-net is reported on a quarter leg, so you're looking at the second quarter statistics for the seniors housing portfolio. It's actually seasonally fairly common for the seniors housing to decline at the beginning of the second quarter, and then start to build towards the end of the second quarter. And I think the other thing to note in there is that, that performance is fairly consistent with declines that we saw in some of the public operators during the second quarter. So that sort of explains it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, and again, as we've emphasized them, we have our senior housing operating portfolio, which is more than a quarter of our business and these are very strategically selected to be the best assets in the best markets and we have the benefit of that growth in the Ventas portfolios. So that -- we're very happy to have that growth directly flow through to our shareholders.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And bigger picture, do you think the senior housing business will change as you and your peers own more of the senior housing real estate out there. Would there be opportunities, you think, to take market share from some of the private owners?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, again, this market is a very good market. It's being driven by demographics. I think in general, if you own really good assets and good markets and you operate them professionally, you will outperform the averages. And that's really how we're thinking about our portfolio and our acquisition activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Milam with Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wonder if -- first off, can you just give us a little bit more color on the 36 MOBs that you acquired? Or maybe just tell us what the implied valuation for the portfolio is, the yield, and if there's any additional debt that you consolidate with that?
Debra A. Cafaro: The transactions that we closed kind of since we spoke to you last, which included those assets was on average above between kind of a 7% and a 7.5% yield. And so it's very attractive, they're 90% occupied, 100% affiliated or on-campus. And there was a mortgage debt that we consolidated with that.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Can you, I guess, how much was the -- of the 420, how much of that was the MOB assets? And then can you give the dollar amount and yield on the debt? And maybe also, the square footage for the full 36?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it was -- I would tell you it was a lion's share of the acquisition activity. And Rick will give you the amount of the assumed debt.
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yes, the assumed debt is about $116 million, $117 million.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And the rate on that?
Richard A. Schweinhart: I believe it's around 5% something, right at 5% [ph].
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then also, can I ask -- on the senior housing portfolio, obviously, a very strong performance this quarter, and Jana touched on it a little bit. I'm curious, the same-store cash flow growth, obviously benefits from some occupancy increase. But maybe could you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in rate, and what sort of a sustainable long-term growth rate is after the occupancy builds back up? And then maybe, Ray, to the extent that its specific if you're seeing anything in the housing market that is benefiting that portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so on the rate side, if you look at our RUG-IV in our same-store total portfolio year-over-year, rates were up about 2.1%. And so, I think we're starting to get closer to that sweet spot of the cycle where occupancies start to get into the mid to upper 90s where you can really start to push rate, discounting will start to abate and we hope that we can continue to drive cash flow growth going forward through rate increases. Certainly, that will be tied to the performance of the general economy and the housing market to a lesser extent. Certainly, as the housing market continues to improve, that's another benefit to our seniors housing operating portfolio at the margin. So I think, we're at a pretty good point in the cycle with limited new supply, pretty strong occupancies and pretty good general underlying economic fundamentals.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So assuming that we don't have any major blips in the general economy, is this kind of a 3 to 5-year window, where you think you can get mid-single-digit same-store growth? Or do you think it's longer than that?
Raymond J. Lewis: My crystal ball doesn't go out that far, James. But I do like the near-term outlook for the industry. So I think next year looks pretty good. So, again, barring any changes in the general underlying economy.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Last one. You guys did another 5-year term loan in the quarter. Debbie and Rick, maybe, could you just talk about how you're thinking about interest rates now and why, I guess, why not go more tenured debt, obviously, you did some of that as well, but what your thoughts are on the term loan market versus the unsecured market right now?
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. We are very focused on Capital Market's excellence. It's one of the things that we really spend a lot of time on. I would say that we want to have a foot in every capital market including the bank term loan market, which is very attractive right now. And we've done both, as you mentioned. And so we're -- we have very kind of rigorous internal metrics in terms of how we manage our balance sheet. And most of it will continue to be long-term fixed-rate debt, which is also very attractive at the 3 1/4% that we mentioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So I would like to get back to the same-store results in the operating senior housing. I think this is semantics, but is it fair, do you think, to include the unstabilized assets in that 10% number? Because really the stabilized pool grew by about 4.3%, if you look at Slide 12 in your supplemental. And I'm curious if you've always included non-stabilized in your same-store calculation?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we do it both ways. And in the shop portfolio, I would say we do same-store stable and we do the whole portfolio. I mean we bought the whole portfolio and so we've been looking to that high single-digit growth rate, which was our expectation and that's what we're getting. So that you can look at it, all different ways and all of them are valid.
Richard A. Schweinhart: And, Rich, if you looked at the same-store stabilized portfolio year-over-year on an EBITDARM basis, so if you were to take out the impact of the increase in the Sunrise management fee, you're looking at like an 8% year-over-year increase. So it's important to remember that.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, I mean, I guess that just -- the 10% is certainly not going to be a number that you'll be able to replicate over the long-term. I just wondered if maybe you should be highlighting the other number and...
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, good suggestion. So the SHOP was up 8% on a stabilized basis. I think that's a good data point.
Richard A. Schweinhart: SHOP being the acronym for the Seniors Housing Operating Portfolio.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Rick, can I ask a question about that -- you told me about the Kindred process for 2013. $126 million of rent that we had to be renewed -- we're going to renew in or expire in 2013. I remember the 64 assets being something like $77 million, am I right about that? And can you reconcile the $126 million to the $77 million for me?
Debra A. Cafaro: Can you ask the question, again?
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: There's 64 assets in total that you're going to have to market, right? 10 you took care of that, you would credit [ph] the LTAC Master Lease, 54 are remaining. The 64 in total were $77 million of rent. Isn't that correct? Not $126 million.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Maybe I'll take this off-line with you. I'm -- maybe...
Debra A. Cafaro: No, that's okay. My guess, honestly, is we've replaced somewhere between $75 million and $77 million. It could be the difference between an escalated number and an unescalated number, something like that.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'll take that question off-line, maybe a little bit too much detail.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's okay. No problem.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, so maybe a little bit more bigger picture on the Kindred process. You said that's going well. To what degree, do you think, the elections or the fiscal cliff or whatever are having an effect on a hesitation on the part of potential replacement operators to take over some of those assets?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so Rick, as we said, that the process is going well. We've got a lot of interest. We're on schedule. So we're happy about the way things are going. And I'll tell you, the operators are looking at the same thing that everybody else is looking at. They understand that sequestration is out there. They understand there's the election coming up, and that depending upon which way that goes there could be various impacts. And they're underwriting that into their numbers. So we haven't seen any -- as we get closer to those events, any changes in the appetite for the assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we did get the positive of a rate increase starting October 1, so that was good, too.
Raymond J. Lewis: But it's been out there since the beginning of the process.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: At what point you start getting a little nervous as getting close to, is it May 2013? That you have to -- or April 30, is that right?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean we're confident in the releasing process. We're way on schedule, and we think we're, as Ray said, into the selection phase. And we're pretty excited about the opportunities that this process is presenting for the Company.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, last question for me. If you deploy $1.6 billion of your current liquidity, most of it being the line balance or availability, where does that take you in terms of leverage from 29% to what? And what are you comfortable with being at before you would have to go back to raise equity?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we typically -- the 29% obviously, is a wonderful statistics and we're at about 5x debt to EBITDA and over 4x fixed charge coverage. So I think we have, even as we do manage our balance sheet conservatively, but we have some significant acquisition capability without really any additional need for equity capital. Remember, we're also selling some assets. We're generating really significant excess cash flow in our portfolio over and above the dividend. And so we have some significant capacity to do acquisitions.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So we should assume that, that 29% number stays in that range for the foreseeable future, despite what activity you might take on?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean the way we look at it, is we're at about -- the net debt to EBITDA number is about 5x as we've said consistently that we see plus or minus return on that. So given -- that's where. EBITDAs let's call it, a little under $1.5 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm here with Derek Bower. If we think about acquisition and consolidation activity going forward, in particular 2013, do you think it's reasonable to assume that we're going to see a bit of a coming down period after what has been nothing short of a feeding frenzy for the past 24 months, or do you -- does Ventas personally remain sort of as open eyed as it has for the last 2 years, and how do you think about how your competitors are looking at it as well?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, as you point out, I mean, we were -- we are kind of at the leading edge of this activity. We've closed $13 billion in the last -- since the beginning of '11. What I would tell you is we are and continue to be a disciplined investor. Capital allocation is another important aspect of our activities. And we have, I think, been proven ourselves to be good capital allocators. And so we have lots of opportunities. The pie is large. It's a fragmented industry. And we believe we can drive value for investors by continuing to acquire in a thoughtful way. And as I mentioned, the $1.7 billion that we've acquired year-to-date, we are getting about a 7.5% unlevered yield, and they're very high-quality private pay assets. So if we can continue to do that, whether it's from new business, whether it's from existing NHP, Ventas, Lillibridge relationship, I think that would create value for our investors. So as and when we can continue to do that, we will do so. So I hope that answers your question.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, it does, I guess, I'd have a follow-up as well, which is I think it's no secret that you were the cover bid on the Sunrise transaction. How do you now feel about having a number of your owned assets effectively operated by one of your competitors? Does that cause you to think that maybe you should think about restructuring that relationship?
Debra A. Cafaro: I didn't see any company vie in there.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well you can choose not to answer the first part of the question. How about the second one?
Debra A. Cafaro: Look, we have, as we've said, we've got great assets, they're performing extremely well, they're in great markets. And we have excellent contracts that provide alignment and have protective -- significant protective rights in them. And so the situation at Sunrise continues to evolve. And I think, that's what -- we feel happy with our assets and the performance of those assets.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you elaborate on what you mean by those protective rights? Are you suggesting that the relationship has existed historically, might be changing?
Debra A. Cafaro: All I'm suggesting is that we do have great assets, they're in great markets, they're performing well, and we have really good contracts that we worked hard on to create alignment and protection for Ventas in all circumstances. And we feel good about that.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I'm trying to interpret that. There's a lot of legalese in that comment, but it doesn't sound like you want to tell us any more than what you've just said.
Debra A. Cafaro: We're good. Let's keep talking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Ray, in your comments, you said if sequestration should occur, what areas would you see that not occurring?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean obviously, if something were to happen in the lame-duck session, where there were to be some resolution outside of the sequestration process. You've heard the President himself say, that's not going to happen.
Debra A. Cafaro: Let's push it off.
Raymond J. Lewis: So they could push it off. I mean, there's a number of different things that could play out. Now certainly, the expectation in the underwriting that you go through right now as sequestration is what we have in place and what we are looking at. But that could change.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I believe Rick alluded to this, but how much of the $429 million of acquisitions closed in the third quarter versus what closed subsequent to quarter end?
Debra A. Cafaro: Everything that's about $70 million, I think, closed in the third.
Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last question. The 36 medical office building acquisition, was that a portfolio transaction?
Debra A. Cafaro: It was.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman. I just want to sort of follow-up a little bit on the acquisition side as well. Because I think in your opening comments, Debbie, you talked a bit about things like, it appeared almost that things were slowing down a little bit more judicious. You're being cognizant of sort of discipline on your capital in getting those returns. And I didn't know if you were trying to comment that things would be a little bit lower from an acquisition standpoint.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think what we're trying to communicate is that we have always invested as we believe we could create value for shareholders. One of the things that I would say is that this market is drawing a lot of sellers to the market, and we have this big portfolio of existing relationship. And so there continue to be really, thoroughly plentiful investment opportunities. But I would also say we really have been disciplined investors. I think our year-to-date yields and quality of acquisitions speak to that. And I can't project the acquisitions. We never have. We take opportunities that we think will create a good risk-adjusted returns for shareholders when they're available and -- but we are disciplined investors.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What sort of pipeline, I guess, what they call the former NHP sort of regional platform? Where does that sort of stand on a quarterly basis, and what sort of volumes are you seeing on that front?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, again, our deals are coming -- as we put this unified platform together, I think the opportunity for us is really to get -- use the tools available to us to really drive performance in the company. And we are seeing good acquisition volume from the NHP legacy relationships. And we also believe that a lot of our existing tenant base is interested in the Kindred releasing process as well. So we're getting lots of benefits from, again, Lillibridge, NHP and our own historical business.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Are you seeing any opportunities on the debt side at all?
Debra A. Cafaro: To be a lender?
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Correct.
Debra A. Cafaro: Is that what you're asking?
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are seeing some opportunities, yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how about across -- outside the U.S. Is that taking up any of your time at all?
Debra A. Cafaro: We invested in Canada in 2007, as you know. And we have continued to look at opportunities outside the U.S. And over time, could see making some reasonably sized investments, but nothing short-term on the horizon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I presume the acquisitions on the MOB side came out of Lillibridge JVs. Can you remind us of what rights of first refusal or offer you have on those, and maybe talk about the motivations of the sellers? Is it motivated by a possibility of increased capital gains tax or is it something else that may be motivating the sellers?
Debra A. Cafaro: We had 3 pools of joint venture assets on the Lillibridge side. And we have acquired 2 of those pools, and so we have one remaining. And I think, like everything, investors hold assets at various points in time. They make decisions whether they're a company, a pension fund, a private equity shop or what have you. They make a decision at a certain point in time that they'd like to recycle their capital. And so, I think, there's nothing more notable than that.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And you have rights of first refusal or offer on the other JV, I assume?
Debra A. Cafaro: We have, in our joint venture deals, we do have rights of first refusal. And that would be typical in joint ventures, yes.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then are you -- just think in terms of priorities for acquisitions and property types. It seems seniors housing cap rates have been compressing. Do you view that the acquisition running for seniors housing is being a little heated, and is the risk reward better now for, say, medical office or skilled nursing or some other asset class? How are you prioritizing what property types you're looking to buy?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, we'd have a strategic plan to diversify our portfolio, create a balanced business model and to be active in all the different sectors. We have differentiated our strategy over the past couple of years by really emphasizing the private pay assets. And, again, as we allocate capital, if we are ahead of the curve, what we would see is our investors will make money if either cash flows go up or cap rates come down. And that's how we create -- it's very simple. That's how we create value for our shareholders. And so we look at all the asset types. Our strategy has been clearly articulated. And each deal really should make sense on its own. And we should believe that it fits well into the whole, and therefore, create additional enterprise value. And so that's how we assess transactions, and we continue to look across the spectrum of health care and senior housing assets. But we have focused more on private pay.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, you don't think seniors housing cap rates have bottomed yet or is there still room for cap rates to move down there?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think, again, every deal stands on its own in terms of quality, in terms of what the structure of the transaction is and markets and so on.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the dispositions, can you just describe kind of what you were selling, and maybe what the yields on those assets were?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I think we've talked about it. Rick mentioned that the GAAP yields was in the 8s on the sales and loan. Remember, its loan repayments as well, and it was in the 6s on the cash -- high 6s on the cash basis for the almost $90 million that we talked about since July 1.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just consistent with what you've said before.
Debra A. Cafaro: Totally consistent, yes.
Daniel M. Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then one other question I had, just want to go back to Sunrise. Did you have any rights to go -- Sunrise management contracts, some of those are being reset. Do you have any rights to reset management contract fees upon change of control of Sunrise?
Debra A. Cafaro: We have contracts that are -- that again, give us good alignment and give us various protective rights under different circumstances.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Quick question on the MOB side. I mean, I get this whole idea of more procedures being done in an out-patient setting. But the recent trend of doctors not becoming employees of hospitals, physician groups also kind of breaking apart and those physicians joining hospitals. Just wondering if you're starting to see that impact demand for MOB space in any way, shape or form?
Raymond J. Lewis: With respect to demand for the space, we're definitely seeing the trend. So there are a number of doctors' groups that are, as you say, being acquired by hospitals as they start to anticipate the Accountable Care Organizations and the impacts of those changes on the healthcare industry. The benefits of that, obviously, for us are that we get stronger alignment with a hospital in certain circumstances, perhaps a better credit to the extent the hospital actually acquires the practice. So that's clearly a benefit. The other thing for us is because our MOBs are predominantly on-campus, that tends to drive more demand for space in our buildings. So we would expect to see that translate into demand as that trend really starts to take hold. But we're kind of in the early stages right now, a little too early to sort of report a big impact from that.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then second question, just in regards to disposition. You did $87 million this quarter, you've added another $60 million to guidance for the fourth quarter. Just kind of curious, strategically, what you're getting rid of and why you kind of made the decision. Is that the right time to kind of call the portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we projected about, maybe $150 million for the second half of the year in our second quarter call. And this is really consistent with that. And it's really across asset types. And we have a very large, very diverse portfolio now. And I think you'll see us become a little bit more active capital recyclers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Theiler with Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I have a question on skilled nursing[ph]. We've seen the trailing 12-month EBITDAR coverages kind of tick down across your portfolio and your peers, as last year's Medicare cuts work through the system. Curious as to what you're hearing from your operators in kind of the second half of this year, if they have been able to adjust their operations in any way that will see kind of a leveling out next quarter in this EBITDAR coverage statistic or do you think we kind of see the same pace of decline?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I think as you look at the coverages that we've reported in our portfolio at 1.8x, I think it's consistent with what we had projected when the cuts were announced in October of last year. We said we would expect to see the rates decline by about 10 basis points every quarter, as another quarter of the cuts were rolled into the trailing coverage statistics. And that's pretty much how it played out. With respect to the operators that we're talking to and what they're seeing going forward, I think, a lot of the operators have identified ways to mitigate the cuts and to adjust their operations to maintain profitability. So I think the operators are looking at the forward environment and saying, this is an environment we can operate in and that's sort of what we're hearing right now.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so it kind of continued another 10 basis points of decline next quarter. At what point do you start getting concerned when you look at your leases on an after CapEx basis? I mean, maybe describing a little bit for the G&A of the operator. At what point do you start to get concerned about the health of those sniff [ph] leases?
Raymond J. Lewis: So I mean, as we look at our portfolio and underwrite management fees and CapEx, we're still very comfortable that the properties are profitable for the operators. So we're not at that point at all.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: But there's no kind of, I guess -- I guess the other problem is that you have the dispersion of the portfolio, right? You have an average statistics that's reported. Can you give any color around the dispersion around that statistics? In other words, the bottom 10% of your leases are covering it 10x, or can you give any more clarification on that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well we obviously have the Kindred leases, which are the biggest part of it detailed in the supplemental. And everything else is -- doesn't have -- we don't have a wide dispersion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Martin with Morningstar.
Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just when you thought you're off the hook. Can you characterize the turnover and even acuity of care makeup across your senior community portfolio? For example, what is the difference, if any, in your senior living communities and smaller markets where household income is, maybe a bit more average as compared to larger metro markets where income and demographics may be a bit stronger?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's a good question. As we've owned the -- our seniors housing operating portfolio for over a year now, and obviously, Sunrise back to '07, we started providing more information on both a regional and a MSA bases in our supplemental. And I think what we found this quarter, is that -- what we have found is that the larger markets have been outperforming. And they came out really strong and continued to be strong. I think what we're seeing now, and you can see it in the supplemental is that the smaller markets are actually doing quite well now. And you'll see that all the regions are also doing well. And obviously, the industry data set that's put out by NYX also slices and dices the portfolio that way. So I think we are seeing the smaller MSAs start to catch up, and the larger MSAs where we own most of our senior housing operating portfolio really have led the way with great growth last year and great growth again this year that's continuing.
Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Are you seeing any difference -- meaningful difference in turnover? Are you seeing an average length of stay, differential in the larger markets versus smaller markets or a higher turnover rate larger versus smaller?
Raymond J. Lewis: Phillip, I guess anecdotally, the answer to that is, no. I think it's fairly consistent. I think the acuity level in general and the seniors housing industry is up. The average age at entry is up. And I think that's consistent in smaller markets and in larger markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nic Yulico with Macquarie.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Can you remind us on Atria and Sunrise, where those portfolio's were occupancy basis back at the peak. And where the rents today are in relation to the peak?
Debra A. Cafaro: The Atria portfolio was acquired in parts, and so that's a difficult answer. I would say in general, and remember, occupancy statistics have changed over time to go from residents to unit occupancy. So you have to be careful when you compare historic periods. But I think back in '97 or so, resident occupancy was in the 93, 94 range. And we're getting, approaching that now, I would say. That's if memory serves.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think that's right.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: So roughly still call it 300 basis points of off peak occupancy, which sort of mirrors what's going on.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no.
Raymond J. Lewis: No, that's resident not units.
Debra A. Cafaro: That's was what I was saying at the beginning. You have to be careful when you do your comparison. So resident occupancy in the '07-ish time period, I think, was in the 93, 94 range in Sunrise. And I think the resident occupancy now is approaching that.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay, and then as far as rents on these portfolios, I mean, they're up since 2007?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean the rents have consistently risen year-over-year in the Sunrise portfolio. We've had good rent growth even through the downturn.
Debra A. Cafaro: Remember that the senior housing industry was the only real estate asset class that showed positive NOI through the downturn. And that was because they were able to have some stable to even slightly growing rate growth with good expense controls and then some occupancy decline. So that's how it played out.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: So on the occupancy side, Sunrise is kind of back to -- close to peak type occupancy levels or close to it. And Atria still has some occupancy upside or is that also getting closer to the peak type occupancy levels that they enjoyed?
Debra A. Cafaro: I would just say that, again, Sunrise and Atria have grown 10% year-over-year before management fees. 8 percentage, as Rich pointed out on the stabilized portfolio. And I think that they're still at the mid-90% unit occupancy level. And so I would suggest that industry trends continue to be positive. If you look at NYX data, you would see that they are projecting continued positive absorption well into 2013. And so I would characterize what we think about the forward environment, which we still think is attractive differently from what you said. And we view the forward absorption and growth rate to be fairly positive.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Yes, now I'm just trying to figure out where these portfolios are in relation to the peak. Because the industry overall is still running 300 basis points below peak occupancy. So it's just helpful to try and figure out what -- where these portfolios are in relation to the industry and industry recovery cycle at this point.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Well just be sure you're comparing apples to apples. But again, if we're at mid-90% unit occupancy levels, I would say that we think there will be positive absorption going forward.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay, helpful. And then just one other question on Kindred. You talked about getting some multiple bids there, moving to selection phase. You talked about rents, I think about, should approximate sort of current rents likely. What about CapEx? I mean, are operators requiring CapEx? Are you guys expect to have to spend anything on CapEx? I mean presumably, these are some older facilities that might need some CapEx?
Raymond J. Lewis: No, Nick. We -- Kindred has invested a lot of money in these buildings over the years and maintained them very well. We're not really expecting any material CapEx requirements on the releasing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I apologize if you already covered this, I hopped on late. I was hoping to just get some color as best you can share of how you and PMB are kind of looking at the world right now just in terms of your comfort level with new supply, and how they're thinking about things as well?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, well just as a reminder to everyone, one of the benefits to the NHP transaction was we got the exclusive development pipeline with PMB. And we, in fact, opened one of the developments this quarter, as Ray pointed out, in California fully leased. And that was an important benefit we got from the transaction. I would turn it over to Ray to talk about the view of the world.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right. And so supply remains very well in check in the medical office space. We are seeing interest from Hospital systems in developing new properties. We target on-campus developments, and there are a handful of those things that we and PMB are working on. So I would say that the market is consistent. I wouldn't say it's awash in opportunity, but I wouldn't say it's devoid as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: And I would point out too, that our Lillibridge business has a development business that's quite good, and we are developing a view assets as well that we're excited about.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any difference between the 2, whether it's Lillibridge or PMB or you at the top? The comfort with building on spec versus these MOBs have to be pre-leased.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, yes. We are very disciplined about that.
Raymond J. Lewis: We require a minimum pre-leasing level in the buildings. So we don't build on spec and so, no. There's no difference between the way that we view it or PMB would view it.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think it's really -- this is demonstrated by the fact that the 2 that opened this quarter were 100% pre-leased, and another one that we expect to come on maybe, in January is 100% pre-leased to a AA hospital. So those you can get really good risk-adjusted returns because -- and you get new buildings in your portfolio. So that's how we look at the business. Again, on a very disciplined way. So we're going to have to wrap up the call. And I want to thank everyone and the operator and all of our participants. We sincerely appreciate your interest in Ventas. And we look forward to seeing everyone in San Diego. I hope you all realize that we continue to pursue our goal of delivering consistent superior total returns to our shareholders and using all the tools we have at our disposal to do so. So thanks again, and we'll see you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lori Wittman Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, and Member of Investment Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Cobb - Chief Investment Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Derek and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Lori Wittman, Vice President, Capital Market. Please proceed.
Lori Wittman: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today, I'm pleased to share an overview of our excellent second quarter results. Ray Lewis, will discuss our portfolio and investment activities, and Rick Schweinhart, will review our financial results in details. After our remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. The Ventas investment thesis continues to be a very positive story of growth and defense. There are extremely limited opportunities that provide investors with good internal and external growth and also, significant defensive characteristics. The value of that optionality cannot be overstated in today's global environment with significant sale risk and upside. Our second quarter results and outlook for the year provide an outstanding example of these valuable qualities working in tandem for our constituents. Normalized FFO this quarter was excellent at $0.95 per share, up 19% from last year. And we maintain an outstanding balance sheet with 28% debt-to-enterprise value. We have also increased our guidance to $3.70 to $3.74 per share for the full year. If achieved at the midpoint, this would represent a 10% normalized FFO per share growth rate year-over-year. First, let's talk about the growth side of Ventas. Growth at Ventas comes from excelling at our 3 key activities: Allocating capital, raising capital and managing our assets. Simply put, we focus on investing in the right asset at the right price and structure, continuing to improve our cost of capital and driving performance in our portfolio. We have a long track record of effectively executing all 3 activities. Our external growth this quarter includes the completion of $1.2 billion in high-quality accretive acquisitions including Cogdell Spencer's MOB business and 16 new, high-quality, private pay Sunrise-managed senior living communities. Those acquisitions are performing extremely well and we continue to see excellent opportunities to invest in performing health care and senior housing assets. And we have good visibility to completing over $300 million in additional acquisitions in the near-term, as well as investing about $100 million in a small but profitable development and redevelopment pipeline. Our business model allows us to continue allocating capital flexibly across subsectors in different operating models and investment types as conditions warrant and opportunities arise. And of course, the $1 trillion health care and senior housing real estate market is huge, fragmented, growing and dynamic. It should provide many investment opportunities to Ventas for years to come. Our internal growth has also been exceptional this quarter, particularly, in our senior housing operating segments. Our Atria- and Sunrise-managed assets are proving the benefits of our strategy, of buying the best assets in the best markets operated by the best managers. These communities are delivering great results with same-store NOI growing 8% year-over-year before management fees. These high quality assets provide upside to our shareholders in a growing economy. We also generated additional internal growth that will materialize in 2013 through our new 10-year lease with Kindred, on 10 long-term acute care hospitals or LTACs at a $6 million annual rent increase. Year-to-date, we have been proactive at capital raising, generating further internal growth by issuing $1.2 billion in bonds and using a portion of the proceeds to replace higher coupon debt security. Finally, our current $2.48 annualized dividend represents only 66% of our new guidance midpoint. This exceptionally favorable payout ratio should provide opportunities for us to continue increasing our annual dividends. We know that dividend growth is an important component of our total value proposition for shareholders. On the defensive side, there are 5 aspects of the Ventas business that are significant. One, we have scale, with a $26 billion enterprise value and $1.5 billion in annualized NOI. Two, we have a balanced portfolio that is diversified via geography, tenant operator, asset class and business model. Three, all of our asset types are need-based and resilient in a downturn, with increasing demand from those demographics and healthcare policy. Four, a significant portion of our business is in triple-net leases that provide long-term stability and cash flows. And last, but not least, we have a fortress balance sheet. All of these factors protect investors, reserve value and limit volatility. Our outstanding balance sheet and liquidity provides those offensive and defensive benefits. Our 28% debt-to-enterprise value at quarter-end is industry leading and should allow us to continue taking advantage of external opportunities and also be a safe haven if the market is disrupted. During the quarter and the year, we have taken actions to further enhance our balance sheet and improve the quality of our portfolio. Among other things, we raised over $300 million in equity capital and sold assets or harvested loan repayments of over $250 million including the sale of 12 assets to assisted living concept. Our normalized FFO guidance assumed another $150 million in real estate dispositions and loan repayments. Our asset sales year-to-date have generated gains approaching $80 million. And we intend to continue executing on our articulated strategy of selectively and calculatingly divesting of assets to improve our portfolio. We believe the Ventas combination of internal and external growth on the one hand, and balance sheet and portfolio management on the other, provide the right mixture of offense and defense for our investors, particularly in the current macroeconomic environment. The results of our strategy and execution are clear, in early 2008, Ventas was not a top 10 component in Vanguard's REIT index. Now, we are fourth with a 4.3% rate. More importantly, Ventas' performance has continued to be strong. Our total shareholder returns year-to-date exceeds 20%. Whether you look at year-to-date, 1-, 3-, 5- or 10-year periods,, Ventas has outperformed both the S&P 500 and the REIT Index in each period, often by a wide margin. This record reflects the consistency, reliability and all weather performance we seek to deliver. Ray?
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Today, I'd like to share with you how our strategic growth and diversification strategy, coupled with our rigorous asset management approach, continues to deliver results with a potent combination of our higher growth seniors housing operating asset, coupled with the stable cash flows of our triple-net lease portfolios and MOBs. First, I'll briefly cover the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across 913 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets with over 73 tenants. These assets are generally in pool, multi-facility, long-term after leases with credit and structural support. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2012 was strong at 1.7x, and our Kindred coverage remains strong at 2x. Coverage across our same-store portfolio of senior housing and hospital assets was stable to slightly improving sequentially at 1.3x and 2.5x, respectively. As expected, coverage in the same-store skilled nursing portfolio declined sequentially from 2x to a still, very healthy, 1.9x, due to the inclusion of another quarter of the 2012 CMS reimbursement cut in the debt period. We expect an update from CMS for the 2013 fiscal year, Medicare reimbursement rate and the skilled nursing and long-term acute care hospital sectors to be delivered shortly. Our expectations for skilled nursing is a net 1% to 2% increase beginning October 1, 2012. As for the LTACs, the proposed rule issued in April called for a 1.9% increase in spending, and it's possible that the final rule could be more favorable. These impacts on the SNF and LTAC sectors are before any impact from sequestration, if it occurs. So, all in all, the near-term outlook is stable for reimbursement. Before I move on, I'd like to take just a brief moment to update you on the status of the releasing process for 54 skilled nursing facilities. With the completion of the lease on the 10 LTAC properties that Debbie mentioned, we have renewed 35 of the 89 properties, including all 16 of the LTACs, and about 60% of the existing rent on the building. We've been actively managing the process and have generated significant interest in the remaining 54 assets. In fact, we have received strong interest with multiple bids in all states from both existing and prospective relationships including national, local and regional operators. As a reminder, our goals in this process are to do business with reputable operators and to maximize rent, and we expect to enter into multiple transactions to achieve this outcome. And while we are still relatively early in the process, we are encouraged by the broad interest in our assets and continue to believe that our current rents are consistent with market level. We hope to be able to provide you with more clarity in the third quarter as the marketing process unfolds. Next, I'd like to discuss our seniors housing operating portfolio, which accounts for 26% of our NOI. With the addition of the 16 new Sunrise properties that we acquired in April, this portfolio now consists of 214 high-quality, independent and assisted-living communities in affluent markets around major metropolitan areas managed by Sunrise and Atria. As we have been saying, these best-in-class properties have core-like characteristics, but provide above core return. And right on cue, our portfolio turned in another strong performance in the second quarter, with positive sequential and year-over-year increases in occupancy, NOI and margin. NOI, before management fees, for the total same-store portfolio increased 2% sequentially in the second quarter to $107.9 million compared to the first quarter of 2012. And NOI, after management fees, was $91.8 million, up about 1.7% sequentially. Unit occupancy in our 197 property same-store portfolio continued its upward trend by increasing 80 basis points sequentially to 89.2%. NYXdata on the Top 31 MSA shows that unit occupancies increased 40 basis point sequentially. Typically, we would expect to see a seasonal decline in occupancy at the beginning of the second quarter but not this year. On the contrary, occupancy has continued to be very strong and we are very pleased with the overall performance. In second quarter of last year, NOI and the 196 properties in our same-store Sunrise and Atria portfolio, grew 8% before management fees and 4.8% after management fees. As a reminder, our Sunrise-based management fee reverted the 6% of revenues this year, up from the 3.75% reduced rate that we had negotiated for 2011. Year-over-year, unit occupancy and the same-store Sunrise- and Atria-managed portfolios grew 250 basis points to 89.3% compared to a 10 basis point year-over-year occupancy increased reported by NYX for the top 30 MSAs. On May 1, we closed the acquisition of 16 Sunrise communities for $362 million. These high-quality assets were developed by Sunrise are similar in quality to our existing Sunrise portfolio and are 4-years old on average. Based on the performance during the first couple of months of our ownership, the current yield on this portfolio is over 7%. As the consequence of the 17th Sunrise and Atria operating properties acquired in the first half and our strong performance year-to-date, we are raising our full-year guidance range on our seniors housing operating assets to $375 million to $381 million, from $350 million to $360 million. We expect performance for the 197th senior housing asset included in our original guidance to be at the high-end of the original range. Though those expenses were slightly higher this quarter, in line with what we expected and what we told you during our first quarter results call, and we expect this trend to continue into the second half. But all in all, the results of our operating assets have continued to prove out our strategy that investing in the best asset in the best market with the best operators will result in above average growth for Ventas. Before I turn to acquisitions, I'd like to discuss the Ventas' MOB portfolio, with which the acquisition of Cogdell Spencer, which closed on April 2, now comprises 320 properties standing on about $17.4 million-owned square feet and accounts for 15% of our annualized NOI. Here are a few of the MOB segment highlights for the second quarter. Cash NOI in the 69 same-store consolidated MOBs that we own in both the second quarter of 2011 and 2012, increased 3.2% year-over-year. Driven primarily by increases in rate and expense control, offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Occupancy in our 245 stable MOBs was just under 92% in the second quarter. Occupancy in the same-store stable portfolio in the second quarter of 2012 was consistent with the first quarter and leasing activity remained strong. We closed our acquisition of Cogdell in early April and due to the efforts of many talented professionals at both companies, the closing and integration went exceptionally well. The portfolio consists of 71 high-quality medical office buildings containing 3.9 million square feet located primarily on the campuses of leading health care systems in the Southeast. Stable portfolio is 94% occupied and we purchased the entire portfolio for less than $200 per square foot. Second quarter financial results are in line or slightly better than our expectations, making the acquisition cap rate in the mid-7% range. We welcome our new Cogdell colleagues to the company. Finally, we will complete and open 3 100% pre-leased medical office building developments in the second half containing 278,000 square feet. The total development cost is approximately $109 million and the expected yield to cost averages 8.4%. Though our medical office business continues to provide steady performance and with the addition of Cogdell, a further diversification of our national platform and relationships with leading health care system across the country, that position us to continue to consolidate and grow in this attractive space. Finally, before I turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, I'd like to spend a brief moment on the investment environment. Our acquisition pipeline is very active and we are seeing both small and large acquisition opportunities. In addition, to the $1.1 billion we have invested in the Cogdell and Sunrise transactions, we have also closed investments of $159 million in the first half of the year at an average going in unlevered cash yield exceeding 7%. We also expect to complete over $300 million in additional acquisitions in the third quarter at approximately 7% going in unlevered yield. All of this investment activity is coming from existing NHP, Lillibridge or Ventas relationships. Our opportunities continue to be diverse. Individual assets, small and large portfolios, both senior housing and MOBs, and play off the trends of demographic growth and operator consolidation. The U.S. health care market is large, growing and still very fragmented and there are no shortages of potential opportunities available to us from either existing customers or new relationships. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The following significant events occurred during the second quarter. On April 2, we acquired 100% of the stock of Cogdell Spencer for approximately $760 million, including the assumption of debt of $213 million. Cogdell's operations are included for the entire quarter. On May 1, we acquired 16 Sunrise-managed properties for $362 million. During the quarter, we also acquired 7 assets for approximately $98 million. On June 18, we sold 12 senior housing communities for $100 million, including a $3 million fee producing a $24 million gain. In April, we issued $600 million of 7-year, 4% senior notes. The proceeds were used to pay down our revolver and pre-fund our acquisition of 16 Sunrise communities, and call our 6 3/4 senior notes. On May 16, we redeemed our 6 3/4% senior notes due 2017, incurring a loss on debt extinguishment of $10 million, of which, $7.6 million was a cash make-whole payment. On May 1, we repaid $82 million of our 9% senior notes on their maturity date. In early June, we issued almost 6 million common shares producing proceeds of $342 million. Our revolver balance at quarter-end was $367 million. Currently, we have unrestricted cash of $55 million, $370 million outstanding on the revolver and over $1.6 billion of capacity available. Our pro forma and net debt to EBITDA is extremely strong at about 4.9x. Now, let me focus on second quarter results. Second quarter 2012 normalized FFO was $0.95 per diluted share, an increase of 19% compared to the second quarter 2011 per share results of $0.80. Normalized FFO increased 96% to $278 million compared to last year's second quarter of $142 million. We have detailed the non-cash items included in normalized FFO on Page 18 of the supplemental. Normalized FFO in the second quarter excludes the net expense of totaling $3 million from the loss on extinguishment of debt, merger expenses and deal costs, mark-to-market adjustment for derivatives and amortization of other intangibles. Offset by the gain on sale of real estate and non-cash income tax benefit. Second quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's second quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments: Triple-net, senior housing operating and medical office, and lower-weighted average interest rates. Triple-net lease revenue grew to $208 million from $116 million last year, primarily due to the acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties and normal annual contractual escalation. Senior housing operating NOI increased $31 million to $96.5 million from $65.5 million last year, principally due to the acquisition of Atria and 16 Sunrise-managed communities. Second quarter medical office building NOI grew to $62.9 million from $18.7 million last year, primarily due to the NHP and Cogdell acquisitions. Both periods include $1.4 million in unconsolidated joint venture earnings. Income from loans and investments was $8.2 million this quarter, fairly flat with the $8.4 billion last year. On the expense side, consolidated interest expense increased to $74.4 million this quarter from $52 million last year reflecting the assumed debt due to the Atria, NHP and Cogdell acquisitions, as well as all the debt activity in the last 4 quarters. Our average cash interest rate improved to 4.6% from 5.2% last year. Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $13.9 million to this quarter's $277.8 million, primarily due to second quarter acquisitions and second quarter increases in all 3 of our segments, partially offset by increases in interest and G&A expense. Interest expense increased $4.8 million in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, principally due to acquisition activity offset by interest decreases due to the retirement of our 9%, 6 3/4% and 6 1/2% senior notes, and the issuance of our new 4% senior notes. We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities increased 147% to $461 million in the first half of 2012, from $186 million in last year's first half. At June 30, our credit stats were outstanding with the net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 4.9x. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt-to-enterprise value of 28%. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter were 293 million shares, up 64% compared to the second quarter of last year, and up slightly compared to the first quarter of this year, reflecting the issuance of almost 6 million shares in June. We are raising our 2012 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $3.70 to $3.74 from $3.63 to $3.69. This 1.6% increase in our FFO per share guidance is primarily due to our acquisition of the 16 Sunrise-managed communities, stronger performance from the company's senior housing operating portfolio, year to date, slightly better-than-expected results from the Cogdell acquisition and additional investment activity, offset in part by more shares outstanding, the $0.02 to $0.03 per share second half impact of the year's approximately $400 million in asset sales and loan repayments, net rent adjustments on our triple-net lease portfolio approximating $6 million and debt refinancing during the second quarter -- second half of the year. Guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transaction or any unannounced acquisition. Operator, if you would, please, open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you list, in order of priority, your financing alternatives as it relates to your acquisition pipeline?
Lori Wittman: We, obviously, focus on our cost to capital and we have maintained a split in every capital market imaginable. So we obviously, have revolver capabilities. We have term loan capabilities. We have long-term, unsecured bonds capabilities, Fannie and Freddie , converts, et cetera. And so, as we are modeling out the identified near-term acquisitions, we're looking at some combination of those debt products for -- to acquire those assets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. But more likely, debt products at this point?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Been talking a little bit to our economist up in Canada about the potentially plateauing economy there, and I'm curious what your view is on the future of Canada given your investments there. It's become a lesser portion of the portfolio, obviously, as you've grown. But do you have any opinion now about the future in terms of Ventas' interest north of the border?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well ...
Debra A. Cafaro: Oh, go ahead, Ray.
Raymond J. Lewis: Rich, as you point out, we currently own 12 Sunrise properties in Canada. They have been very strong performers in our portfolio. Average occupancy in Canada is 95.6% in the quarter and they've consistently been very strong performers. We think the Canadian senior housing market generally is a good market. It doesn't have a lot of supply particularly in the high-end assisted living and higher acuity assisted living space. So we really like our investments up there. If we could find more attractive investments like that, I think we would be comfortable adding to those. But obviously, we keep a mindful eye on the same economic trends that you do.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A couple of quick follow-up, the guidance methodology changed by adding unannounced to acquisition and dispositions, I'm curious what motivation was behind that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, the methodology, really, is -- typically, we do not include acquisitions or dispositions or loans repayments in our guidance. I would say that when in fact we had a known inflow, however, of capital such as we have this year with the potential $400 million worth of dispositions, I think it gives investors a clear, more transparent picture if we explain to them what our use of proceeds is, because if we simply pay down the revolver, something with the capital, that wouldn't really give a true reflection to investors of what we expect our FFO per share growth to be. So if -- we have done this in the past when we had known inflows of capital, that's why.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: That's fair. Then the last question is, what were the motivations behind the sale to assisted living concept?
Debra A. Cafaro: As we said in our press release, Ventas really stands for excellence in senior's housing. We believe that this transaction really will gave ALZ the opportunity to make positive changes for the residents in those assets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Like you didn't -- weren't on the same page with them in terms of their operating methodologies, is that right, or how they went after this?
Debra A. Cafaro: It was a mutually beneficial transaction and again, we hope that ALZ uses that transaction as a springboard to continuing to make changes for the benefit of its company and its residents.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Jana Galan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to clarify the $98 million of senior housing community acquisitions in 2Q, is it triple-net or operating? And if maybe you could give us your view on partnering with other operators in the space other than Atria and Sunrise?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, the first part of your question, the $98 million was triple-net, there were -- yes, it was triple-net. And then with respect to partnering with Atria and Sunrise, obviously, with the acquisition of the 16 Sunrise assets, we've increased our relationship, grown our relationship with Sunrise. We continue to believe, and I think our performance shows that they are both outstanding operators, and to the extent that we can find the best assets in the best markets, we'd be very happy to continue to grow our relationship with those 2 operators.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then maybe if you could give us some guidance around what type of disposition yields your cap rates?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we can. In this second half, $150 million, which is loan repayments and dispositions. It's pretty much across the board in terms of asset type and balanced in that way and the lease cap rate or NOI cap rate is in that the 8% to 8.5% range.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of James Milam from Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Can you just break down how much of the dispositions, I guess, that 8, 8.5 covers the whole $150 million, is there -- I guess how much of that is a debt repayment versus asset sales?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's about 1/4 of everything. It's pretty balanced across the board, James.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And then I was wondering if -- on the senior housing operating guidance, what would that number have been, excluding the acquisition that you guys announced, so kind of comparable to your prior guidance at the beginning of the year?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And I think Ray mentioned, we have given the $350 million to $360 million guidance for the year, and with respect to the assets that, that covered, it's -- we're performing, and our expectations are in the high end of that range.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, great. And then my last one, Debbie, probably for you. Just given as you kind of close in at the end of the year and at least as of right now, tax law is going to change and going to increase, I think for Ventas specifically, that may mean there could be additional acquisition opportunities. So I wonder if you could share some color on that. And then also more broadly, just if -- what your perspective is given your visibility and the people you're talking to, whether or not people are starting to change their behavior in anticipation of those changes.
Debra A. Cafaro: I don't see a lot of behavioral changes regarding tax changes that may occur at the end of the year because I think there isn't a tremendous amount of certainty about what actually will happen. The one thing I was a little bit more focused on is that as you know, when the Bush tax cuts were originally passed, they included a preference essentially for corporate dividends over REIT dividends. And if those provisions expire, REIT dividends could be relatively, be even more on an even footing with corporate dividends, and that could actually benefit REITs.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm here with Derek Bower. You had answered a question earlier from Rick regarding capital alternatives, and I was a little perplexed because you're stock's now creating the highest valuation I think it's ever traded as a public company, you’re at a 5% FFO yield, below 5% implied cap rate, you could effectively go out, issue equity and buy absolutely anything you wanted to and it would be accretive. What's stopping you from doing it?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I would tell you that based on what we talked about here today, we identified about $1.5 billion of acquisitions that we've talked about, if you think about Cogdell, if you think about the Sunrise, 16, if you think about the other acquisition activity, if you think about the $300 million we've discussed, if you think about the investment development -- redevelopment pipeline, so I would say that we are certainly not sitting on our hands here at Ventas and we -- here's what I will say. First of all, 2 things, we will always be disciplined, and that is really important. We have a strategy. We execute that strategy to the best of our ability. We want to have the high-quality company that is delivered to its all-weather performance and I think regardless of "accretion" we're trying to build value, long-term value, short-term value and we will be disciplined in deciding kind of what to buy. But obviously, we have been active. I will tell you something else though, and that is, I was reflecting with a new senior level executive at Ventas and I said that if someone had told me in 2000 when Ventas' equity cap was $200 million, that we'd be sitting here in 2012 with a $19 billion-plus equity market capitalization, I wouldn't have possibly believed that. But what is really amazing to me is I never would have believed also that even after all of that growth over the last 12 years, I would be more excited and believe more in the growth potential of Ventas and our industry as I am right now. And that is a pretty remarkable observation. And I think it does speak to our ability to use all the attributes that we have here including cost of capital and including the market that we're in and the opportunities that we see over the near and long term, to continue building value and continue growing the company. So I hope -- that's a long answer to your question, but I hope it's responsive.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Dan Bernstein from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just want to be clear on the -- what's coming out from the third quarter for ALZ for the assisted living concept and the triple-net leases, I think Rick said $6 million, does that include the $3 million termination fee that was -- I think in the second quarter, is that a correct assessment?
Debra A. Cafaro: I don't understand the question, could you repeat?
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess you're going to lose some lease rent from ALZ and I think Rick said, there was $6 million less of lease rents that are going to come out from all dispositions, and I just want to make sure that I'm understanding that $6 million correctly as to whether that includes the termination fee that was part of the ALZ leases or not.
Debra A. Cafaro: No. The ALZ fee is in this quarter and it was about $7 million in rents.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Including the termination fee?
Debra A. Cafaro: The termination fee is a part of the $100 million and it's in this quarter.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. But is that $3 million in the rent number somewhere or is that in your earnings this quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro: No, it's not.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's what I didn't understand. And then the other question I had, when looking at the seniors housing performance, and I just kind of try to isolate some of the same-store Sunrise property, that 79, it looked like it performed 60 or 70 basis points or so quarter-over-quarter and that maybe implies that the Atria occupancy was a little less than that. And if you could talk about the performance between those 2 portfolios. And I also understand, maybe on the Atria side, I'm missing the redevelopment property, so you could talk about maybe how the redevelopment assets are doing in terms of your expectations as well.
Raymond J. Lewis: Dan, both the Atria and the Sunrise assets performed extremely well during the quarter. As you know, we acquired the Atria assets in the second quarter of 2011, and so we don't yet report year-over-year analysis or include those in the same-store analysis, but I can tell you that Atria perform -- Atria and Sunrise performed quite comparably, sequentially and year-over-year.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the redevelopment assets are meeting your expectations for your returns on your investment there?
Raymond J. Lewis: On they are, Dan. I think they performed right in line with our underwriting on those assets. We continue to identify redevelopment opportunities in the portfolio and invested additional capital in there. And that is a good growth driver in that portfolio.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then turning to the remarketing of the 54 skilled nursing assets, you talked about some very strong demand from local, regional, large, national operators, what do you think is driving the demand from those operators? Is it the quality of the assets, are they all looking for economies of scale? We've obviously seen the Jonas' Sun merger [ph] , and turning to the REITs for that financing due to their cash positions post-reimbursement cut last October?
Debra A. Cafaro: We met -- there are a few simple reasons why the process in these assets have generated such a competitive process and robust interest. First of all, there's a lot of cash flow with the asset and the prospective tenants will have to make -- remember, there's essentially very limited capital that's involved in re-tenanting the assets, effectively working capital for the new operator. And so they will be essentially stepping into a cash flow position where they will get immediate cash flow over and above the rent payment for a very, very de minimis capital contribution, and they will be able to spread overhead as you suggest. So this is a very attractive way to be able to expand your business if you're in market, if you're a provider and that I think is the central reason why we're having such terrific interest on this process.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And does that imply, do you think that the SNF operators are going to turn more to the REITS as well for further financing and growth of their companies, you see that as an opportunity for you?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, certainly, that is one part of the consolidation theme and part of the growth being potentially in-house care real estate. But I think this marketing process is really more about the quality of these assets, the cash flow with these assets and the ability of operators to be able to drive profitability in their market by spreading overhead and getting coverage, cash flow over and above the lease payment. And it's as simple as that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Quentin Velleley from Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of -- Debbie, I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the acquisition pipeline you're seeing, has there been any reduction in the size of the pipeline? And maybe if you could talk a little bit more about what sectors are more active.
Debra A. Cafaro: I'm going to ask John Cobb to take that, Quentin.
John D. Cobb: Yes, I think we still see an active pipeline across all sectors, both in MOBs, senior housing and skilled nursing, and we still focus on the senior housing and MOB, but it's still very active both small deals and large deals as Ray said earlier.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then in terms of size, you haven't seen any reduction over the last 12 or 24 months, is that a fair statement?
John D. Cobb: That is a fair statement.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just in terms of guidance, it's all about the run rate in the second quarter at $0.95 and just simplistically apply that for the rest of the year, you'd be above the high end of the revised guidance? And then if I look at some of the capital management you're doing, there might be a little bit of net dilution there. I think you said you're buying $300 million assets or factoring in $300 million of assets at a 7 cap, selling $150 million at an 8%, 8.5% and then I assume you're going to turn out some of the debt on the line. Is there anything else in there that's going to pull that run rate down that I should be thinking about?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And it's quite simple. So as we mentioned to Dan, there's a $3 million lease termination fee in the second quarter. So obviously, that is relevant. And then remember, we had the 6 million shares outstanding just for June, and so those will have an impact in the second half as well. And we sold the ALZ for $100 million at the end of June, so it's really the $150 million that will come of dispositions plus the $100 million that occurred at the end of the quarter. So we do have a lot of really positive things and accretion happening in the second half. And then we do have the impact of those dispositions and loan repayments and the like.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Nick Yulico from Macquarie.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Just quickly on who is the operator for the $98 million of acquisition in senior housing? Is that one operator, who was that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Some of it was an existing customer and some of it was a new customer.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. It's not possible I get the actual operator? Names?
Debra A. Cafaro: They're existing, kind of NHP and Ventas customers, public and private.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then on the $350 million refinancing plan, I just want to be clear, were you saying that, that -- is that going to be accretive or dilutive? Is that based on permanent financing versus what's on the line or is it based on taking out some of your bonds which you're trading or which have higher costs and where you could issue today?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, as Quentin said, some of it is turning out the line and if we did go to the bond market, and some of the debt that we now have has higher cash coupons that has lower GAAP interest rates. And so that would show up as a dilutive -- a slightly dilutive impact even though it could be cash accretive.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just lastly on the whole debt side. I mean, you do have a fair amount of bonds next year coming due and then mortgage debt as well. I mean how early can you go out and refinance some of this, particularly some of the mortgage debt?
Debra A. Cafaro: The mortgage debt really isn't -- wouldn't be until -- if we chose to take it out early, it wouldn't be really until the end of the year. So there won't be much of an impact on that in '12.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. But presumably, it would be -- the thinking would be that you would be -- I mean, would the plan be to do an unsecured to refinance that?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we'll access market conditions at that time. Again, I think one of the things that we try to be really good at is capital raising and hitting the right market at the right time. So obviously, we have to see what market conditions are and then we'll make a judgment at that time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Philip Martin from Morningstar.
Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I have a question just regarding the nature of Ventas' organic growth. Specifically, any discussions you might be having with the hospitals and healthcare systems and their development, redevelopment or expansion needs. Could you address this and how and when it may impact your development pipeline or portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: So, Philip, obviously, Ventas, through its Lillibridge business, has very strong relationships with a number of highly rated health systems around the country, and as I'm sure you're acutely aware, as the healthcare market is evolving, you're seeing more and more interest in integration, vertically and horizontally, in that space. Hospitals are focusing on returns on operations, and that's the whole message of having real estate flow to the most efficient operators starting to gain traction. And so we think we're very well positioned as hospitals look to optimize their capital structure to participate in the consolidation, both vertically and horizontally that is inevitable in the industry. So when that's going to happen, is difficult to predict, but we continue to work on that opportunity and plant the seed so that we're well positioned when it does start to accelerate.
Philip J. Martin - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Are the systems really, at this point, in assessment mode? I mean, certainly, the care and coordination of care is likely going to be delivered a bit differently as this continues to evolve. But the systems, I'm sure, have to be looking at their strategies going forward, managing this real estate need, et cetera. So I would have to imagine there's some pretty interesting and attractive opportunities are down the road.
Debra A. Cafaro: We think there will be as well. Wherever there's a lot of change and there's a lot of real estate and a lot of capital needs, which in, obviously, with the relationships that we have, we should be very well positioned to both understand and execute. And so over time, I think it will be a fruitful avenue potentially.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Actually, Philip just asked my question, so I don't have any further questions.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc Capital Market.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: On the development and redevelopment, the $100 million that you were talking about for later this year, are those the projects listed on Page 16 of the supplement, or is that in addition to what you've got already underway there?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's really listed on the supplemental.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second question is just on Lillibridge. If I remember correctly, I think there are about 60 assets that you guys bought joint venture interest in, and I think you had the right to first offer on the remaining interest in those. Is that something you guys would want to own, is that a potential deal that you guys are looking at on the table? And what would you -- how would you feel about owning more of Lillibridge today?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, our Lillibridge partnership has gone quite well. We're looking at our friends across the table here and obviously, at the high quality portfolio. And so -- and in strategy, so the assets in our MOB Lillibridge portfolio are generally performing well, and so if there's an opportunity, I'm sure we would look at it.
Operator: Your next question coming from the line of Tom Truxillo from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just following up on the surprisingly high number of questions about balance sheet and capital, it kind of felt like a bank call today. I'd appreciate the comments about it. So first of all, I'd appreciate the comments about being prudent when deciding to buy and not necessarily letting this cheap capital that's abundant drive your acquisition strategy. But getting back a little bit to how you finance the deals that you do close, you stated it would be mostly some form of debt, not equity. Given that, I assume your leverage metrics are going to go up a little bit, depending on how much you do, is that...
Debra A. Cafaro: Remember, I was just addressing the, essentially the $300 million that we talked about as a near-term opportunity. I mean, look at our -- you know our credit stats are just of the chart, they deserve the IBM coupon. And so a $300 million acquisition is not going to move the needle one way or another.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So that was just to that $300 million. I mean if you pursue something bigger than that, it would be, maybe a more balanced financing approach?
Debra A. Cafaro: As you know, we are absolutely fanatical about managing our balance sheet, keeping a strong balance sheet and we have our own identified target ratios that are very strong that we have maintained over years and years of growth, again, going from the $200 million of equity capital to the $19 billion now. And I think equity has grown twice as much as debt over that time, so we have been able to make money for shareholders while maintaining a really strong balance sheet, and again that goes back to the offense and defense. And you will not see any -- we are as committed to that now as we always have been. So you should feel good about that.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And a real quick follow-on, I assume you're revolver is probably the cheapest form of capital you have. Can you talk about how you decide when to term that out -- term the short-term borrowings out rather than running up a more kind of substantial balance and then issuing, maybe, a larger unsecured bond deal?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we look at those kind of tactical things all the time, and hopefully, we're doing a good job balancing all the objectives that we have in terms of tapping the market at the right time, providing our bond investors with liquidity and keeping a lot of availability on the line over time so that we could be opportunistic. So it's a mixture of all of -- it's a judgment call, really, of all of those qualities. So I want to thank, Derek, our operator, and all of our participants. With 10-year total return exceeding 770%, normalized FFO, compound annual growth over 10% and the highest compound dividend growth rate in REITs sector over that decade, I think you would all acknowledge that Ventas stacks up very well against many of the growth REITs, while also providing investors with shelter in the storm. So we really believe we enjoy valuable attributes that are going to support Ventas' continued success and growth for our constituents. And these are most importantly, our long tenured cohesive management team that focuses on delivering consistent superior total return to investors, excellent underlying supply-demand fundamentals in our business, a flexible business model, a competitive cost of capital, a huge fragmented market where consolidation and change will provide opportunities and an excellent diverse portfolio and of course, a strong balance sheet. So we hope everybody has a great rest of the summer. We're happy to see through our second quarter earnings, and we look forward to seeing you all in the fall. Thank you for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Lori Wittman, Vice President Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Lori Wittman: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. 
 As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. 
 We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided to you is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. 
 Please note that the quantitative reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. 
 I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company. 
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today, I'll be pleased to share an overview of our outstanding first quarter results. Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and investment activities, and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial results in detail. After our remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. 
 Before we get into earnings, I thought we should reflect on Ventas' transformation. For over a decade, we have been clear about our goal to deliver consistent, superior total shareholder returns. We have also been consistent about how to create value for stakeholders, grow the company, increase earnings from internal and external sources, diversify our portfolio, our asset mix and our tenant operator base, focus on increasing the private pay portion of our business, pay a secure and growing dividend and maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. Our 10-year performance has validated this approach, with compound annual total shareholder return exceeding 22% during that period. 
 And just a few data points demonstrate the incredible movement we have made on our objectives in the last year. A year ago, we hadn't yet acquired Atria or NHP. Our enterprise value slightly exceeded $11 billion, and we owned 602 assets. Now we own over 1,400 diversified assets and have an enterprise value of $24 billion. Then our largest tenant accounted for 36% of our NOI but now represents only 17%. A year ago, our private pay revenues represented 73% of our business, and now they have grown dramatically to 80%. Even more importantly, we have expanded our base of tenant operators by 4x to over 100 existing relationships, adding high-quality assets and operating partners, such as Atria Senior Living and West Coast MOB developer Pacific Medical, to our portfolio. 
 As we have grown, we have also actively managed risk. First, our diversification by asset type, operator and business model positions us to perform in a variety of economic cycles, reimbursement regimes and capital markets environments and increases our reliability and stability regardless of any single event, tenant or trend. Second, our increased size and scale have allowed us to enhance our liquidity, balance sheet and our cost of capital. Since last year, our unsecured line has doubled in size and pricing has improved by over 170 basis points. Our recent bond issuances continue our trend of improving our cost to capital. Twice already this year, we took advantage of our positive credit momentum and strengthened the bond market to raise a total of $1.2 billion at an average interest rate just above 4% for 8.5 years. With our new Head of Capital Markets, Lori Wittman, leading our efforts, I'm confident we can accelerate progress on this front. 
 With all the change Ventas has experienced, a few things have remained constant. Those include our commitment to stakeholders, to rigorous execution and to acting with integrity. We also continue to enjoy the benefits of demographic demand from the growing over-85 and baby boomer populations, as well as the opportunities embedded in a large fragmented $1 trillion health care real estate sector. And we have an incredible group of professionals at Ventas, both long tenured and new additions, who continue to work tirelessly as a team for our constituents. They go all out every day to keep performance on track, identify and solve problems quickly, integrate our acquisitions, maximize the value of our assets, optimize our balance sheet, build and capitalize on our acquisition pipeline and capture the full potential of our expanded platform. Our results show it. 
 This quarter, our normalized FFO grew 21% per share over last year, to $0.91. Atria and Sunrise were big contributors, as were improved interest rates. This quarter, our dividend increased 8%, while at the same time, our payout ratio in 2012 improved considerably. Our debt-to-enterprise value of 28% at quarter end is industry leading. We intend to use this momentum to continue delivering excellent results. Ventas' normalized FFO guidance for the year, which included the Cogdell acquisition, represents almost 9% per share growth at the midpoint. 
 The excellent acquisition of 72 high-quality MOBs from Cogdell Spencer in the second quarter should produce annualized accretion of between $0.03 and $0.05 a share or call it about $0.03 at the midpoint for the balance at 2012. This expected accretion was already included in our full year guidance. We welcome our new Cogdell Spencer employees to Ventas and thank them and our Ventas Lillibridge colleagues for their work in accelerating the integration of our companies. HR, IT, accounting and asset management have been exceptional in making the transition smooth. 
 Finally, earlier this month we were pleased to announce the acquisition of 16 Sunrise communities. Given the strong results in our existing Sunrise portfolio and the confidence we have in Sunrise's operating team, we are looking forward to blending these communities into our portfolio. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Raymond Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. During the first quarter of 2012, our portfolio turned in another solid performance. Our same-store portfolio of 535 assets provided 3.5% cash flow growth over the first quarter of 2011 and over 5% if you normalize for the increase in the Sunrise management fee, which I will discuss in a moment. So today, I'd like to share with you how our strategic growth and diversification strategy continues to deliver results, whether it is the stable cash flows of our triple-net lease portfolio and MOBs or our higher growth private pay seniors housing operating assets. 
 First, I'll briefly cover the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio, which accounts for over 60% of Ventas' annualized NOI and is diversified across nearly 900 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets. This is the bedrock of Ventas' portfolio and provides us with stable and growing cash flows through the annual rent escalations in our long-term master lease contracts, which feature credit and structural support. And the performance shows. Same-store cash NOI growth for the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011 in our 384 same-store triple-net properties was 2.6%, consistent with our projections at the beginning of the year of greater than 2.5%. Cash flow coverage for the fourth quarter of 2011 in our same-store triple-net lease portfolio was a strong 1.7x and our Kindred coverages remained at 2.1x. 
 Next, I'd like to discuss our seniors housing operating portfolio, which consists of 198 high-quality independent and assisted living communities managed by Sunrise and Atria, and accounts for 26% of our NOI. This portfolio had an outstanding first quarter, with positive sequential increases in occupancy, NOI and margin. These best-in-class properties are hitting on all cylinders and delivering above-average NOI growth. NOI before-management fees for the total portfolio increased 3.9% sequentially for the first quarter to $105.9 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. And NOI after-management fees was $90.4 million, up about 1% sequentially. 
 As a reminder, our Sunrise management fee reverted to 6% of revenues for the first quarter of 2012, up from the 3.75% reduced rate that we had negotiated for 2011. Same-store stabilized unit occupancy continued its upward trend by increasing 20 basis points sequentially to 89.1%. This is particularly notable since seniors housing occupancy typically declines during the first quarter. Our Sunrise portfolio of 79 high-end, mansion-style seniors housing communities generated NOI of $38.8 million in the first quarter of 2012, an increase of 6.8% over the prior year and 14.2% pre-management fee. Resident occupancy increased 190 basis points year-over-year and 20 basis points sequentially and finished the first quarter at 91.6%, another record for the Sunrise portfolio. 
 Operating performance in our Atria-managed portfolio of 119 private-pay seniors housing communities was similarly strong. Total NOI was $51.7 million for the first quarter, a sequential increase of 6.6% over the fourth quarter of 2011, driven primarily by annual rate increases which took effect in January, lower expenses and a full quarter of results from a property acquired in the fourth quarter. 
 Ventas and Atria continue to execute on our redevelopment strategy, as 2 new projects were approved and will begin construction in the second quarter, and one recently opened property was acquired and added to the lease-up portfolio. Performance in the 8 properties in our same-store lease-up portfolio continues to be strong, as occupancy increased 180 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. 
 So the first quarter showed stronger occupancy than the fourth, the first time this has occurred, and we are pleased with the results during the first quarter. However, there are certain moderating factors that we are mindful of. For instance, there's typically a seasonal decline in occupancy during the second quarter. In addition, certain expenses were unusually low during the first quarter of this year, and we're expecting those to revert to more normal levels for the balance of the year. But make no mistake. Our seniors housing portfolio is performing strongly, and our company is significantly benefiting from these best-in-class assets in major markets with pricing power and excellent management teams who are driving performance. 
 Before I turn to acquisitions, I'd like to discuss the Ventas MOB portfolio. The big news in the first quarter was the closing of the Cogdell Spencer acquisition. This $760 million purchase of 72 buildings, largely in the Carolinas, added over 4.2 million square feet of high-quality majority on-campus MOBs and another 2 million square feet of third-party property management. With the closing of Cogdell, we are now the largest operator of MOBs in the country with over 21 million square feet owned and managed, and medical office buildings now account for approximately 15% of our annualized NOI. Through the first quarter of 2012, the performance of the Cogdell portfolio is right in line with our expectations. And at the end of the first quarter, the stabilized consolidated Cogdell portfolio was over 92% occupied. Moreover, the merger integration is ahead of schedule and nearly complete. 
 Shifting quickly to the Ventas portfolio, cash NOI in the 177 MOBs in our same-store portfolio increased 2.3% sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2011 to the first quarter of 2012, driven primarily by increases in rate and expense controls, offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Total leasing activity started to accelerate in the first quarter of 2012, with a backlog at the end of the quarter of approximately 219,000 square feet of leasing activity versus 194,000 square feet at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011, an increase of 12%. So our medical office business continues to provide steady performance, and with the addition of Cogdell, a further diversification of our national platform and relationships with leading health care systems across the country that position us to continue to consolidate and grow in this attractive space. 
 Finally, before I turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart, I'd like to spend a moment on the investment environment. Our total acquisition volume already exceeds $1.1 billion this year, including Cogdell and our recently announced acquisition of 16 private-pay purpose-built communities managed the Sunrise. Sunrise transaction is a perfect illustration of our investment strategy for seniors housing operating assets: the best assets in the best market with the best operator. We believe that this high-quality, newly constructed assisted living and Alzheimer's assets can provide us superior risk-adjusted return over time. The purchase price was just under a 7% cap rate on 2012 NOI. And if we can achieve a 5% annual growth rate in NOI, a reasonable assumption for assets of this quality with a good operator like Sunrise, we should be able to achieve an average annual cash flow yield on our investment after CapEx of 8% over 10 years. So this is a very attractive return for this quality of asset in today's investment environment. 
 Looking at the external environment, the acquisitions pipeline remains strong, with significant activity in both the seniors housing and the MOB spaces, and we're seeing a consistent proprietary deal flow from our existing tenant relationships. We are off to a strong start on the acquisitions front and expect to be able to continue to find more attractive investment opportunities as the year progresses. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, who will discuss our financial results. Rick? 
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The following significant events occurred in the first quarter. In February, we issued $600 million of 4.25% senior notes. The proceeds were used to pay down our revolver and, in effect, pre-fund our acquisition of Cogdell Spencer. In February, we sold 9 senior housing assets for approximately $120 million, producing a gain of $55 million, $15 million of which was deferred. In the quarter, we purchased a senior housing community and a medical office building for $56 million, assuming debt of $17 million. In February, we repaid over $75 million of secured debt with an interest rate of approximately LIBOR plus 250 due in 2012 and 2013 and borrowed $60 million of secured debt at L plus 150 with a 2016 maturity. 
 In the quarter, we called our 6.5% senior notes due 2016, incurring a loss on early extinguishment of $29.7 million, which included a cash penalty of $6.5 million and a noncash discount write-off of the difference. Our revolver balance at quarter end was $73 million. After quarter end on April 2, we acquired Cogdell Spencer for about $760 million. This consisted of approximately $250 million for the equity, repaying preferred stock and debt of $330 million and assuming the remaining secured debt. In April, we issued $600 million of 4% senior notes. This effectively pre-funded the Sunrise acquisition, plus the repayment of our 6.75% senior notes due 2017, which will occur next month. Currently, we have cash of $25 million, $70 million outstanding on the revolver and over $1.9 billion of capacity available. Our total current debt outstanding after the Cogdell acquisition is approximately $7.2 billion, and our pro forma net debt to EBITDA is about 5.1x. 
 Now let me focus on first quarter results. First quarter 2012 normalized FFO was $0.91 per diluted share, an increase of 21% compared to the first quarter of 2011 per share results of $0.75. Normalized FFO increased 118% to $263 million compared to last year's first quarter of $121 million. We have detailed the noncash items included in normalized FFO on Page 19 of the supplemental. Normalized FFO in the first quarter excludes the net expense totaling $9 million from the loss on extinguishment of debt, merger-related expenses and deal and integration costs, noncash income tax expense, mark-to-market adjustment for derivatives and amortization of other intangibles, partially offset by the gain on the sale of real estate assets. First quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's first quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, triple-net, senior housing operating and medical office, as well as income from loans and investments. 
 Triple-net lease revenues grew to $209.5 million from $116.6 million last year, primarily due to the acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties and also due to contractual escalations. Senior housing operating NOI increased $54 million, principally due to the Atria acquisition. First quarter medical office building NOI grew to $46.5 million from $18.4 million last year, primarily due to NHP. Both periods include $1.3 million in unconsolidated joint venture earnings. Income from loans and investments increased to $8 million this year from $6 million last year due to the NHP portfolio. On the expense side, consolidated interest expense increased to $71 million this quarter from $41.7 million last year, reflecting the assumed debt due to the Atria and NHP acquisitions, as well as all the debt activity in the last 4 quarters. Our average cash interest rate improved to 4.9% from 5.3% last year. 
 Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $4.5 million to this quarter's $269 million, primarily due to first quarter increases in all 3 of our segments, partially offset by a reduction in interest income on loans receivable due to fourth and first quarter payoffs. Interest expense increased $600,000 in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, principally due to the issuance of $600 million of 4.25% senior notes early in the quarter, offset by the repayment of $200 million of 6.5% senior notes late in the quarter. We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. Net debt provided by operating activities from the statement of cash flow increased 87% to $245 million for the first quarter from $131 million last year. 
 At March 31, our credit stats were outstanding with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 4.7x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt-to-enterprise value of 28%. Our current debt ratings are S&P at BBB stable, Moody's at Baa2 stable and Fitch at BBB+ stable. We continue to operate the business in a way that should justify continued movement up the credit curve. 
 Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter were 291 million shares, flat compared to the fourth quarter of last year and up 80% compared to the first quarter of last year. We are confirming our 2012 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.63 to $3.69. Guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or any acquisitions other than Cogdell. 
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. Before we go to Q&A, a couple of things. One is a clarification on one thing that Rick said. It was net cash provided by operating activities from the statement of cash flows increased 87% to $245 million in the first quarter from $131 million last year. And then the second thing is I do want to add a comment on our 2013 Kindred renewal, as I know many of you have some questions about that. So as expected, Kindred has now renewed officially 3 renewal groups of the 2013 renewal assets for a total of 25 assets and $46 million of the annual current rent. So we expect to re-lease the other 64 assets comprising $77 million of annual rent, or about 5% of our NOI. We have gotten over 100 unsolicited inbound calls from companies expressing interest in these properties. And we have developed a comprehensive plan for re-leasing, and we expect to launch that process in the second quarter. So just a reminder, these 64 licensed health care assets are profitable. We believe that current rent on them is about market. And we're very confident that the assets will be attractive to a wide variety of quality health care providers and look forward to executing on the leasing plan and bringing you all up to date in the coming month. 
 So, operator, we'll be happy to open the floor to our investors' and analysts' questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. 
Quentin Velleley: It's Quentin here with Michael. Just sticking with the Kindred assets, firstly, once you've sort of moved to re-leasing those assets and given that your private pay portion of the portfolio is moving above 80%, I'm just wondering whether you'd sort of investigate selling out of that side of the business as you sort of focus more on seniors housing and medical office. 
Debra Cafaro: Quentin, we're very focused on maximizing the value of these assets. And while we would consider potentially selected sales, our real focus is on re-leasing the assets to qualified health care providers. And that's the path that we're going down. 
Quentin Velleley: Is there some point in the future once you sort of get them re-leased that you would investigate -- that you would think about selling them? Or are you comfortable having the nursing exposure? And are you comfortable with the reimbursement risk? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, what we believe is it's all about balance and diversification, and we think that skilled nursing assets have an important place in the health care delivery system. And so we believe in the asset class. I will tell you that now that we have over 1,400 assets, I think we will be more active capital recyclers and more rigorous in our kind of disposition, strategy and methodology. But overall, I think that it's all about balance in the portfolio. And skilled nursing assets are an important part of this health care delivery system to seniors, and so we're not contemplating sort of a wholesale exit from the business. And just to repeat, I mean, we do intend to go down the path of re-leasing these 64 assets. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America. 
Jana Galan: I guess also following up on the Kindred leases, how does -- given kind of Kindred's change in strategy, how are you thinking about that next bundle of leases that you have expiring in 2014? 
Debra Cafaro: Actually, those go through 2015, just to be clear. And look, I think that we'll be happy to address that once we re-lease the 64, and happy to do that. I think right now, we're focused on having an excellent execution around our re-leasing projects. And these are good assets, and they're profitable. And we look forward to a good outcome. 
Jana Galan: And then maybe just as you're reviewing the deal pipeline out there, would the recent CMS proposals make you feel more comfortable about the public pay asset exposure, or if you kind of like where you are now with the 80% private pay? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Well, certainly the focus of our investment activities has been on the private pay side, and that's been, as Ray pointed out, really great for our company. I think you're discussing, really, the CMS preliminary rule that came out regarding long-term acute care hospitals earlier this week, and that was a rule that had an uptick in spending for 2013 of about 1.9%. And that proposed rule's subject to a 60-day comment period and was at the more positive end of our expectations for the 2013 Medicare reimbursement for LTACs. And we were particularly pleased that CMS really endorsed the LTAC model in its proposed rule. And the rule may stay as it is or even get a little bit better in its final form. But it, again, it certainly is a positive development for our LTACs in general and for the re-leasing project. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Sekino with Barclays. 
Bryan Sekino: Just wanted to -- a quick question on the guidance. You said it doesn't include the Sunrise acquisition, is that right, but it includes the pre-funding for it? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, yes. Our guidance basically for the full year does not include the Sunrise 16. 
Bryan Sekino: Okay, okay. And then I think -- did you say that before management fees, the 79 Sunrise facilities were up 14.2% on NOI? Is that correct? 
Richard Schweinhart: Yes, that's correct. 
Bryan Sekino: So if I think about the revenue being up 5%, really, where are you getting the leverage on the cost growth in the quarter? 
Raymond Lewis: Well, there's a couple of things there. We had significant occupancy gains and also rate gains, as you point out. And then with respect to the expenses, we did have some seasonally lower expenses in the portfolio, as I mentioned in my comments. In particular, utilities were about 12% less year-over-year given the moderate winter that we had. And then repairs and maintenance were similarly about 9% less year-over-year. And those 2 things, I don't expect to continue for the balance of the year, Bryan. But those were seasonably unusually low. 
Bryan Sekino: Got it. Okay. And then just a quick question on the 16 facilities in terms of -- maybe if you can provide us with any perspective. Do you expect to kind of, once they're under Ventas' banner, to kind of get more revenue growth? Or are there some cost initiatives that you can implement at these new facilities? 
Debra Cafaro: Bryan, you've got to come over to the private pay, high-end senior living nomenclature here. Those are communities. 
Bryan Sekino: Communities. I'm sorry. 
Debra Cafaro: Sorry, Ray. Go ahead. 
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, Sunrise has been performing very well in our portfolio. And these assets have some additional upside. A couple of them were more recently opened or are still undergoing their lease-ups. So there's some additional occupancy room to run in these portfolios. I think they compare very favorably on the benchmarking against our existing portfolio. So we do think there is some good growth embedded in these assets, but it's primarily by virtue of the fact that there's still a little headroom on the occupancy. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Milam with Sandler O'Neill. 
James Milam: I just wanted to dig in, Ray, a little bit more on the senior housing operating. Can you just quantify maybe in terms of margin what those seasonal expenses, what impact they had? It just looks like there needs to be a bigger -- a pretty big expense increase going forward for you guys to come in to your previous guidance range on NOI for that portfolio. 
Raymond Lewis: I mean, before management fee, yes, the margins were up about 260 basis points year-over-year in the Sunrise portfolio. So I mean, that gives you sort of the order of magnitude of some of the expense controls. Now there's obviously a little revenue in there, because you're getting some leverage off of your labor, some margin off of your labor. But it was a moderate quarter expense-wise. 
James Milam: But do you think on the overall portfolio, what you own now, is it kind of 31.5%, what you expect to see for the margin for the rest of the year? Or do you think that kind of gets squeezed a little bit? 
Raymond Lewis: I mean, I think it's probably in that 32% range, sort of where it's run historically. But we'll see. 
James Milam: And that includes the full management fee? 
Raymond Lewis: Well, the margin before the management fee, yes, is around the 32% range. It might run a little lower after management fee. 
James Milam: Okay. Perfect. And then my second question, or I guess, second topic of questioning, just the regional deal volume at about $56 million, that seems a little light. Is that just -- is there anything driving that? Or do you expect that to -- I would think you guys would sort of assume $150 million to $200 million a quarter. Obviously, deals are lumpy, but is that still what we should think about as kind of run rate for those regional teams? 
Raymond Lewis: Well, my Chief Investment Officer is reminding me that we did $1.1 billion of other stuff at the same time, Bryan? So, look, we're seeing a good deal flow from our regional originations network and from our existing relationships. The $56 million that we did in the first quarter is really just the way that the timing has come in. We're going to continue to work on a lot of stuff. The pipeline is active. As I said in my comments, I mean, I still think we can do some good business this year. So -- but it's a lumpy. And... 
Debra Cafaro: And unpredictable. 
Raymond Lewis: And unpredictable. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. One, which is why we don't predict it. But one of the things that I'm really loving is that, and we talked about this as we were getting ready for this call, is we have sort of this great group of people now in the investments who are at Lillibridge, who are from NHP, who are from Ventas, and new and old. And that is giving us a lot of channels for growth. And we intend to take advantage of that appropriately. And I think, as Ray said, we're seeing some good opportunities from that. But that blending of those channels is something that I think is a real positive of where Ventas stands right now. 
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Jeff Theiler with Green Street Advisors. 
Jeff Theiler: So just a quick question on development and your development appetite. You've got the redevelopments with Atria and the PMB developments in the MOB field. You started another development with this whole senior communities. Do you anticipate a pickup in senior housing development? Or how should we be thinking about your development going forward? 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. Jeff, I think what we're seeing right now is that there is a modest amount of senior housing development going on. Construction starts are still generally less than 1% of existing stock. There are very limited construction financing options for people who want to develop right now. So we do get the opportunity from time to time to look at some pretty attractive development opportunities. I would put these Kelsh [ph] investments in that category. So we are doing a handful of these things, but I don't think it will become a significant part of our investment volume. 
Debra Cafaro: Right. I think it would probably be anywhere between $50 million to $100 million of capital. 
Raymond Lewis: At any one point in time. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. 
Jeff Theiler: Okay. And so you're not seeing any signs, with these strong senior housing numbers that you put up, you're not seeing any signs that development is picking up across the industry at this point, is that fair to say? 
Raymond Lewis: No. I mean, I think, like I said, we're seeing a handful of things that come across the desk, some attractive opportunities. The data still indicates that development activity is very modest. 
Debra Cafaro: It's so hard to get financing. 
Raymond Lewis: It's hard to get financing. Many of the large companies disbanded their development departments, and so there's really not a lot of capacity for development right now. Now, we watch that very closely, and as the strong fundamentals of our sector continue to play out, perhaps there will be more folks that look to build new buildings to take advantage of that. But we're not seeing that right now. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. 
Ross Nussbaum: Guys, Debbie, on the Kindred bundles, I think you had used, I hope I heard you correctly, that you believe the rents are "about at market"? 
Debra Cafaro: Right, yes. 
Ross Nussbaum: How do you quantitatively define the word "about"? 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Let's get metaphysical. Look, I think they're at market. I think we said in our original release on this that people should run sensitivities, but if you were up or down 10%, it's about $0.03 of earnings. That is not defining "about," but it's just a mathematical sort of quantification of the magnitude of an outcome. But we – the assets are profitable, and we think the rents are at market, and there's a lot of cash flow here that we have to work with to go re-lease the assets to operators who are in those markets. 
Ross Nussbaum: What do you think the annual CapEx spend is on those 64 assets? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, the good news is that Kindred has spent -- kept these assets very much in good condition and has upgraded many of them. So they're very good assets. And in terms of different operators spend different amounts on CapEx, really, so a nursing home might be $500 a bed, an LTAC might be $1,000 to $2,500 a bed, something like that. 
Ross Nussbaum: If we were using a number somewhere between $20 million and $25 million overall, is that anywhere near right? 
Debra Cafaro: No. It's not -- it's much lower. 
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. Next topic. Life science, it's the one, I'll call it, big area that you're not necessarily in, in a major way. Where are you right now in terms of thinking about diversifying in that direction? 
Raymond Lewis: So, Ross, this is a question we get fairly regularly, and our answer remains the same, which is, we like this space, we think it belongs in the health care REIT portfolio. It's a specialized segment that requires specialized expertise. So it's not something we would dabble in. But if and when we found the right opportunity to either partner with or acquire an experienced operator to get into the space, that would be interesting to us. But when that might happen or how that might come about is hard to predict or pin down. 
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. Final question for me is now that you've had some time to look back and watch Atria as a manager and Sunrise as a manager, how would you characterize the most notable differences behind how those 2 operators approach the business? And are you actually legally allowed to get them in a room and share best practices given that you are the technical owner of the properties? 
Raymond Lewis: So with respect to differences in operating models, the Sunrise is a very high-acuity, primarily assisted living and Alzheimer's model that's focused on the most need-driven population. And they really, really focus on providing that high quality of care and enabling the resident to basically live out the rest of their lives to the extent medically possible in their buildings. And that's sort of always been their business model, and that's really what they distinguish themselves and are best at in the markets that they serve. The Atria model is a little bit different. It's an independent and assisted-living model, some life guidance or Alzheimer's care, but it's a lower-acuity model. It's much more marketing driven. It's much more lifestyle driven. Bigger apartments. It's serving a bit of a different population. And I think they do an excellent job at serving their target market as well. So, in some respects, adjacent business models with some overlap but not purely overlapping. 
Debra Cafaro: So they're obviously both high-end major markets, great physical plan. And that's what they have in common, and that's why we have them in the -- under the management contracts, because they have higher growth potential. I think, again, one benefit of our expanded portfolio really is that we have a ton of data on the MOB business and on the senior living business across the country in various markets. And where we want to go is really the way the apartment guys have gone, which is to really use this data and -- for the benefit of our company and figure out, before other people do, where trends are going and things like that. And that's not really limited just to -- and that will help us in our acquisition efforts and our asset-management efforts. So I think that's something that really is a tremendous benefit to the platform that we've built. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Dan Bernstein: The first question I had, not really directly related to Kindred but maybe on a broader-basis potential for the industry. Kindred gave their keys back in maybe unique situation. Do you think there's a potential for the industry, other operators in the industry to look at the tough reimbursement cycle and go, "We're going to go ahead and give up some of our leased assets, whether it's the LTACs or SNFs"? Do you think there are any broad implications for the industry itself going forward? 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, again, I think Kindred is -- Kindred has articulated that these are good assets. They just -- Kindred is really tacking off onto a slightly different strategy. But the fact that we've had 100 inbound, unsolicited inquiries about this portfolio says to me that operators out there are hungry to grow their EBITDAR and their cash flows, and we have good assets in EBITDAR and cash flows to transact with them. And so that's really the takeaway that I have, which is a very positive one. 
Dan Bernstein: And do you see consolidation as a greater likelihood in the skilled nursing space as well? 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I do think and have said across all, really, health care and senior housing that we do expect to see continued consolidation over time. And we hope to have opportunities to participate in that as the capital provider, which is obviously right down the stairway of what we do. 
Dan Bernstein: And then also, I want to turn to the transaction side of the business. And there's nothing wrong with doing smaller transactions, but everybody seems to want the large cap REITs to do these big mega transactions. 
Debra Cafaro: We like making money. Even if it's -- we like good risk-adjusted returns, even if it's on a single building. 
Dan Bernstein: I agree. I agree. But with some of the lack of construction that we're seeing in the MOBs and seniors housing, do you think there is -- is that going to impede the REIT's ability to make some larger acquisitions in the next couple of years and maybe look more towards the assets that are already at the public REIT -- other public REITs or public operators? Because a lot of the stock out there is from the '90s and built in '05, '08, even some of the stuff like you just bought with Sunrise. That's all I'm alluding to. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, yes. I mean, a couple of things in that question. I mean, one is, there's -- it's a trillion-dollar industry, health care real estate is, of which the REITs own maybe 8% or so. So I mean, it's still a highly fragmented industry. There's still plenty of opportunities to acquire things. There are still plenty of good assets out there to be acquired. And so that is pretty interesting and pretty attractive to us. I think one of the opportunities that's embedded in the question as well, Dan, is the opportunity to provide dollars like we have in our Atria portfolio to redevelop high-quality assets in high-quality locations to either add additional programming or upgrade common areas to drive rates, those sorts of things. And we're seeing that in our Atria portfolio. I know a number of other operators are doing that right now, expanding existing buildings to add incremental units. Those are very safe investments that can drive pretty attractive returns. And that's something that we think, with 1,400 properties in our portfolio, is a huge, huge opportunity for us that we're working on. 
Dan Bernstein: And I saw one of your triple-net leased operators you're redeveloping. Are you seeing more of your triple-net lease operators coming back to you, whether it's the SNF side or the senior housing side coming back, looking for additional capital to make those redevelopments? 
Raymond Lewis: Absolutely. And likewise, we're poring through our portfolio and saying who should we be calling to say, "Are you interested in redeveloping?" So the communications are going both ways. 
Dan Bernstein: And I just wanted to go back to, Debbie, your comment right at the beginning of the call, where you're going to go ahead and continue to make progress, I guess, on the balance sheet. Can you define what that progress would be? I mean, you already have a fairly good balance sheet. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We're going to -- yes. We have a great balance sheet and what I mean by that is we're going to continue to drive down cost of debt. We're going to continue to try to obviously enhance liquidity, stagger debt maturities, push out average weighted maturity levels and cap different markets opportunistically. And that will help us continue to grow and make money for shareholders. But the other thing, I think, is that given our credit statistics and our performance and the performance of our assets, I think we should continue to move up the credit curve, and we'll continue working on that as well. 
Dan Bernstein: Have you talked to the credit agencies about specific criteria to move that [indiscernible]? 
Debra Cafaro: I think the restraining order is still valid. Yes, we talk to them all the time. And the progress that we've made on the integrations is obviously important to them. And the -- our reported results, obviously, and our credit stats and our diversification are all tremendous positive. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. 
Omotayo Okusanya: A couple of quick questions. Senior housing on the operating side, could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing early April trends? 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think the occupancies are fairly flat. They're holding in there. So that's encouraging. 
Omotayo Okusanya: And what about rents? 
Raymond Lewis: Well, the annual increases take effect typically in January. So in a month, you're not going to see a big move in rents other than January. So again, I would say flat. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. So kind of going back to James' question a few minutes back, it just seems like when I kind of put all my -- all those numbers into my senior housing gumbo, that you guys would be in the pot ahead of your estimated NOI from your senior housing operating platform. 
Raymond Lewis: And the way that I look at it, Tayo, is we're a quarter into this thing. Things ebb and flow in this business, and we hope that we continue to be doing very well in this portfolio, but we're a quarter into it. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up question -- just another question. From a regulatory perspective, if the Supreme Court really does end up overturning the Health Care Reform Act, every single facet of it just kind of gets thrown out. What ultimately do you think happens to operators? Which kind of property type do you think has -- gets impacted the most by that? And what kind of response do you think the health care industry would have to that? 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, look, it depends, first of all, obviously, what the Supreme Court does and then, of course, what legislative reaction there is to what the Supreme Court does. The impacts of Health Care Reform really have the most to do, I would say, with managed-care and hospitals, because the principal aspects having to do with the individual mandates so that there is a bigger pool of people within the health care insurance sector and then the requirement that the insurers actually ensure pre-existing conditions, for example. Those obviously have a big impact on managed care. And on the hospital side, obviously the hospitals gave up some market basket increases over 10 years to pay for the fact that there's going to be greater volume and less bad debt because everyone will be covered. And so those sectors really have the most -- the Health Care Reform Bill, up or down, has the most impact on those 2 sectors. SNF paid for some of the reforms that really aren't getting as many of the benefits as hospitals are because they don't have an emergency room. So they might be net winners. But the real answer is it's highly speculative. It depends what the Supreme Court does. I would guess that if the bill is struck down in whole or in part, there will be a legislative reaction, which I cannot predict. And so it's hard to speculate, really, on the ultimate outcome or impact. 
Omotayo Okusanya: But all these hits that the SNFs and the hospitals have taken near term to pay for this stuff, do you think CMS gives it all back if it all gets struck down? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, some of the -- again, some of the pay-fors are very related to the bill, but I don't know the answer to that question. 
Omotayo Okusanya: All right. Okay. That's helpful. And then just one quick administrative question. The 6.75% notes that were tendered, do you have a sense of when that's going to close? 
Debra Cafaro: It'll close in the second quarter. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Second quarter. Earlier, later, middle? 
Debra Cafaro: Middle to later. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. 
Todd Stender: Because -- and you just indicated this, Debbie, because it's only speculation at this point with the Health Care Reform outcome, is it still kind of a wet blanket over transaction activity? And I guess I'm being specific with medical office buildings. Are you seeing anything which actually slowed down transactions and maybe impacted the cap rates? 
Raymond Lewis: No, Todd. We really haven't. I think our pipeline is fairly brisk in the medical office building space. I think the – and, in fact, leasing activity is picking up a little bit. I think people are sort of adjusting to the new normal of having a little bit more uncertainty in the world and trying to proceed with their businesses. So I think perhaps maybe a year ago it was more of a wet blanket than it is now. 
Todd Stender: How about length of stay? Are the doctors willing to go out a little bit longer on lease maturities? Or are they tightening it in more of a 2-to-3-year range versus the old 5-to-7? 
Raymond Lewis: I think the trend generally has been the shorter leases, probably more 5 years than 7 or 10 years. 
Todd Stender: Okay. And just on your occupancy, just on the stabilized piece, it's down in the 92% range. What should we think about for more of a stabilized number going forward? And is this really a function of you guys maintaining and pushing rental rates? 
Raymond Lewis: And you're referring to the MOBs, correct? 
Todd Stender: Yes. 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think the stabilized rate is probably in that 90% to 91% range. That's really what we're sort of looking at. We have had some good success with rental rates, as you point out. We did have some scheduled move-outs in the first quarter that brought our occupancy down slightly. And so we expect to recover some of that as the year plays out. 
Todd Stender: Okay. And just finally, how does the Cogdell Spencer portfolio, how does that compare to your existing portfolio, particularly with the rental rate per square foot? 
Todd Lillibridge: Todd, Todd Lillibridge. It's very consistent, first and foremost. As Ray pointed out, we've got a good group of 72 on-campus, for the most part, assets, rental rates in line, well occupied in the 92% level. And for us, it's a good strategic fit in terms of the Carolinas. And so it brings our portfolio that is in the MOBs into kind of a well-diversified balance across the country. But the rental rates are very consistent with the balance of the portfolio. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Karin Ford: Just quickly, where do you think skilled nursing cap rates are today? Or have cap rates changed in your view in any of the asset classes that you guys are looking at? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that cap rates for skilled nursing probably hit their -- I don't if you want to call it the peak or nadir, but the lowest cap rate and the highest valuation maybe last year before the 11% reimbursement changes. And so they're probably, depending on quality and operator structure and so on, they're probably gapped out from that point. But it really all depends on some qualitative factors. 
Karin Ford: And do you have just an order of magnitude on how much you think they gapped during that time? 
Raymond Lewis: Again, it depends on qualitative factors. So it's kind of hard to peg a specific number. 
Karin Ford: Okay. And during that short period of time where the 10-year -- the yield on the 10-year ran up, did you see any change in pricing? And what's sort of bringing sellers to the table these days? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. One thing that's interesting is that, and I've done a lot of work on this, is that as -- the capital markets, as you know, are 12 to 24 months ahead of actual property level kinds of response in many cases. And so what we've seen in the past with pricing is that even as interest rates go up, sometimes you have this lagging effect where cap rates continue to fall and even invert for a period of time. So I can tell you, as rates were rising up there for a while and now they've fallen back again, we did not see really any immediate change in property level pricing. 
Karin Ford: Helpful. And then just last question. I noticed there wasn't a mention of lease termination fees in the press release. Were there any lease termination income in the income statement this quarter? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And this is very consistent with the past. In transactions like the ones we've done with Kindred and Brookdale, there is commonly a lease termination fee in connection with a termination of the lease. And so that's in the first quarter. 
Karin Ford: And how much was it? And which line is it in? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's in discontinued operations, and it's $1 million and change. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. 
Michael Bilerman: Yes. Debbie, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the bond activity that you did and just I guess how you're thinking about things. And I know you try to be balanced in everything you do, but it just strikes me in terms of issuing the debt, which you got very favorable rates down in the 4s and then tendering for the '16 and '17 maturities using about $460 million of proceeds, which includes your $40 million of make-whole. You're saving about, let's call it, $10 million a year, right, by doing that, but you pay $40 million, right? So you're effectively just bringing all the... 
Richard Schweinhart: No, no, no. That's the gain. 
Debra Cafaro: No, no. The $40 million is the gain on the sale. 
Michael Bilerman: So how much was your make-whole on the redemptions? 
Debra Cafaro: You're lumping together the $29.7 million and the $10 million? 
Michael Bilerman: Yes. 
Richard Schweinhart: There's a noncash portion. So the penalty on the 6.5% was only 6-point-something. So the rest was just a write off of the discount. 
Debra Cafaro: They're both NPV positive, and they extend maturities. 
Richard Schweinhart: Yes. 
Michael Bilerman: And so how much -- so your total make-whole on both of them was like $10 million, like one year of savings? 
Richard Schweinhart: Yes. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. The total, yes, was under $10 million. 
Michael Bilerman: Okay. So it's a lot less. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. 
Michael Bilerman: A lot more attractive than a one-for-one. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That's a good question, but yes, it's... 
Michael Bilerman: And are you thinking about it just solely from that point? You're extending duration at a lower rate and effectively in your mindset also, your view is that the rates are going to be a lot higher in '16, '17, so you'd rather refinance those maturities today? 
Debra Cafaro: We -- look, I've given up prognosticating about interest rates, and some of the -- and we've talked about this. Some of the smartest people I know said 5 years ago rates could never go lower, and they've progressively gone lower and lower. So again, we're just trying to stagger maturity schedule, make sure we're pre-funding ourselves so that we don't get caught in a market disruption if Europe or anything else happens, intelligently redeploying the proceeds, hopefully intelligently, and continuing to lengthen, on average, our maturity schedule. But don't go whole hog one way or another. Just continue to average in, hopefully at progressively lower rates if we can and so that any 1 year doesn't cause a material change one way or another in our income statement or cash flows. 
Michael Bilerman: And is there anything that, as you look at the maturity schedule today, that we should be mindful of trying to pull forward even further? I mean, the bottom -- what you're doing is obviously accretive on an FFO basis by $0.03 or $0.04 a year just by doing what you did. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we're happy to report that in May we will have our last high-yield bond gone away. So that's really good. And then we have mortgage debt that is coming due going forward. And, hopefully, we'll refinance that, both on an unsecured basis, at least in part, and at lower rates. 
Michael Bilerman: Is there anything that you can pre-pay it today? I mean, as you think about your '13 maturities, you got 500 of... 
Debra Cafaro: Probably later in the year. So it wouldn't have a big impact, presumably, on 2012 earnings. 
Michael Bilerman: Right. But as you think -- as you think towards 2013 where you've got $1 billion debt coming due in the 5.5% blended split between unsecured and secured, the likelihood is that's going to have a materially lower rate than 5.5%, if you think about it. 
Debra Cafaro: It will -- remember, yes, I mean, it will on a cash basis. Again, it may not to the extent that it was assumed debt that was -- that – where the income statement books interest expense potentially at a below cash level. So it would be cash positive, and depending on what we were pre-paying, it could be income statements the other way. So we'll talk -- we can talk about the details of that with you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Conor Fennerty with Goldman Sachs. 
Conor Fennerty: Debbie, just coming back to Sunrise and the 2 key investments, obviously not a tenant, but do you guys track or cap your exposure to them as an operator? 
Debra Cafaro: Who? 
Conor Fennerty: For Sunrise. Do you view it like a tenant in that they have x percent of NOI? 
Debra Cafaro: Let's talk about that, because that's a great question. We want to have a balanced, diversified portfolio. That's what we've been working towards for a dozen or more years. We want to have a balanced and diversified by tenant operator, by asset type, by business model so that again, we have this 26% of higher-growth senior housing operating and that's broken down further by Sunrise and Kindred -- Sunrise and Atria as operators. So it is relevant that Sunrise is half of that, let's call it, 26%, and Atria is the other half. And we do look at that. But I would say again to everyone, those -- that portion of our portfolio is really like senior apartments. It is really -- we are renting to the grandmothers and grandfathers who are in those units, and we are directly getting the cash flows from those assets just like multifamily, and then we are paying the manager a management fee. And so there is no – and what's different about that from the triple-net portfolio is there is really no credit aspect to the relationship. It is a diversified, very granular, very reliable like multifamily set of cash flows because Mrs. McGillicutty is going down and paying her rent every month. And there is virtually no bad debt in that portfolio. And so we think about it. It is relevant, how -- what that slice of the pie is with Sunrise. But it is very different. We view it as very different and much more like multifamily. And in that way, lower, more reliable, if you will, because there's no credit exposure. So hopefully, that's a -- it's a complicated answer, but hopefully it answers your question. 
Conor Fennerty: It helps. I was asking more on the line of how much more you thought you would be comfortable with or how much more you could do with Sunrise on a go-forward basis. But that's helpful. And then just switching to the medical office side, you hear more and more about kind of the non-health care REITs getting into the space. Can you talk about the level of competition you guys are seeing today for build-to-suits for development? And where do you think that pushes yields and potentially cap rates, call it, over the next 12 months? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, one of the interesting things about health care and senior housing is that, that's where there is demand. That is demographically under -- you have demographic underpinnings or tailwinds. And so people want to go where the demand as, and it's much more so than in many other segments of real estate. So we have some great MOB developments under way. One is with AA rated, totally pre-leased with Sutter Health and Northern California at about an 8% unlevered return. And I'll let Todd or Ray talk further about the competitive environment. 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. Conor, I think it's really important to note that the request for proposal process and the decision-making process of the hospitals in the MOB space is a little bit different. And they are very concerned because this is their campus. This is their franchise. But they're doing business with people who are experienced, reputable and that they can trust, and so -- and who've done it before. And so our Lillibridge business has among if not the best reputation in this space for being a good partner for the health systems. And that's a real advantage for us when we go in and sit down with hospitals and talk about building them a new building. So it's not something -- there are high barriers to entry from a relationship standpoint in this marketplace, and that's something that people can just sort of jump into as an opportunity set. And that's, quite frankly, one of the reasons why it took us as long as it did to get into the medical office building space, was because you do have to have that credibility. You do have to have that reputation if you wanted to do business with the best hospitals like we do. 
Operator: Your final question is from the line Philip Martin with MorningStar. 
Philip Martin: Just kind of dovetailing on this last question and response, it certainly sounds as if there's a robust deal pipeline. Can you characterize even a bit more the sellers in this market? How are the sellers weighting waiting their sales decision in terms of the importance of cost of capital, price and ongoing relationships? I think in commercial real estate everybody is so focused on there's a lot of competition out there, price is always one of the key or more important determining factors. But in health care, health care is a bit different. And you touched on that on your last answer, but I'd be interested in a little more follow-through on that. 
Raymond Lewis: Sure. I mean, Philip, price wins, okay? I mean, let's just be -- this is -- at the end of the day, you have to have the best price. But if the margin, your reputation, your ability to be a good partner, particularly when you're talking about some of the seniors housing sale leaseback or operating asset transactions, that can help you win a deal when you've got a strong price on the table. And that's what we focus on. We have people that come to us and say we want to do business with you because of your reputation, your capabilities. You can be a great partner for us going forward. But we still have to match the price. 
Philip Martin: Okay. And shifting gears a little bit, is Ventas seeing the role of the skilled nursing facility change within the integrated delivery system? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, it has been evolving over time, as you know, from more of a long-term custodial model to a higher-acuity, rehab, shorter of length-of-stay kind of business. And a lot of the nursing homes that we have, obviously, are in that niche, and that may continue as there's post-acute bundling and so on and integration of post-acute care. So, yes, I would say that, that's a trend that is continuing. And one thing about health care is it's always changing. And the services -- the good operators are able to change their health care delivery as the environment is changing. So that is true, and I think that will continue. 
Philip Martin: And would you believe that that's an underlying catalyst to better valuations for those assets over time in the hands of the right owner-operator, et cetera? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean, obviously, if the health care delivery system is asking to have patients go and be treated in the lowest cost, most clinically appropriate setting, it certainly could be positive for the skilled nursing business. And this is all long-term secular trends that will continue to evolve.
 So everyone, thank you so much for joining our call, for your interest in Ventas. We very much appreciate it, and we look forward to seeing our investors here in Chicago at the Green Street Conference and then again at NAREIT in June. So thanks to everyone. 
Operator: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for participating. You may now disconnect, and everyone, have a great weekend.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David J. Smith - Head of Investor Relations Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Investment Committee and Member of Executive Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Todd W. Lillibridge - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'll now turn the call over to David Smith, Manager of Investor Relations and Capital Markets. You may proceed.
David J. Smith: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2011.  As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether express or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com.  I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We want to welcome you to Ventas' Year End 2011 Earnings Call.  Today, I'm pleased to share an overview of our outstanding 2011 achievements and our outlook for 2012. Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and investment activities and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial results for the year and the quarter. After our remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.  The key take away for 2011 are growth, diversification, a fantastic balance sheet and a dedicated team working together to create shareholder value. These have been consistent themes for Ventas and we believe they remain the predicates for our sustained success.  In 2011, we closed over $11 billion in accretive acquisitions, including our investment in NHP and Atria. These deals made Ventas a $23 billion enterprise, increased our annualized NOI to over $1.4 billion, expanded our revenue base to over $2.4 billion, deliberately driving private pay revenues to nearly 80% of our business and dramatically improved our tenant mix.  Importantly, we improved Kindred Healthcare share of our annualized NOI to only 17% from more than twice that at year end 2010. During 2011, we also become the largest owner of private pay senior living, which is benefiting from excellent supply demand fundamentals and demographics. Even more amazingly, we achieved this growth in 2011 while actually strengthening our already best-in-class balance sheet, liquidity and credit profile.  Here are 2 of the most significant tangible results of our 2011 activities: our normalized FFO per share grew 17% for the year to $3.37 and our debt to enterprise value stood at an outstanding 29% at year end. Also, during 2011, all 3 credit rating agencies upgraded our corporate credit rating in recognition of our outstanding credit profile and enhanced reliability.  These important actions significantly lowered our cost of debt, giving us the opportunity to increase our liquidity and further stagger and extend our debt maturity.  To put this in context, for every $1 billion dollars in debt that we replaced at a 200 basis points savings in rate, our shareholders will enjoy $20 million in improved cash flow. We ended 2011 and entered 2012 with strong positive momentum. And we're energized about our opportunities for the year.  First, we announced our agreement to acquire MOB owner, Cogdell Spencer, on December 27. This accretive acquisition of 72 high-quality, 92% occupied medical office buildings will increase Ventas' MOB portfolio to 20 million square feet and the share of our NOI from this large and attractive asset class to 15%. We will be the largest owner of medical office buildings in the U.S., poised to partner with highly rated hospital systems who need capital to grow or consolidate.  Second, in February, we raised $600 million in 4.25% tenure unsecured bonds to prefund our Cogdell Spencer acquisition. Third, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2012 dividend of $0.62, an increase of 8%. This dividend increase continues our track record of increasing our dividend at consistently above average rates, retaining more cash flow for growth, and maintaining a conservative payout ratio of about 70%. Ventas has a highest compound annual dividend growth rate in the REIT sector over the past 10 years and we view our dividend growth as an important component of the total return proposition we offer to our shareholders.  Finally, today, we announced 2012 normalized FFO guidance of $3.63 to $3.69 per share. If achieved, this would represent almost 9% growth in our FFO per share at the midpoint. All of our activities are focused on providing consistent superior total returns to shareholders over the long-term.  In 2011, we delivered a 9.8% total return and over the past 10 years, Ventas' total return to shareholders exceeded 720%. In fact, for each of the last 1, 3, 5 and 10-year periods, Ventas' total returns exceeded those of the RMS and the S&P 500.  Our most important asset is the dedicated cohesive and highly skilled Ventas management team. With the recent additions of Todd Lillibridge, John Cobb, Lori Wittman and other key players, the Ventas leadership team has been together for a decade and continues to demonstrate our core values of teamwork, transparency, integrity, a work ethic second to none, and an unwavering commitment to stakeholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Ray to provide a portfolio and investment summary.
Raymond J. Lewis: Great. Thanks, Debbie. Ventas' diversified portfolio now consists of nearly 1,400 assets balanced across 47 states and 2 Canadian provinces with over 100 tenant operator relationships. Our portfolio derives approximately 70% of its NOI from private pay sources, which is comprised of seniors housing and medical office buildings.  The company's diversifying acquisitions over the past couple of years have been primarily focused in these 2 sectors and as a result, Ventas is now the largest owner of private pay seniors housing in the United States, and will also be the largest owner of medical office buildings when the Cogdell Spencer transaction closes.  In 2011, our same-store portfolio of 498 assets provided 3.4% cash flow growth over 2010 after adjusting for a $5 million cash payment received from Sunrise for expense overages in the comparison period. So Ventas' portfolio continues to benefit from the stable cash flows of its triple-net lease portfolio, along with a higher growth from its private pay seniors housing operating assets.  First, let's review the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio. Triple-net leases account for over 60% of Ventas' total NOI and are diversified across nearly 900 seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital assets with over 70 different tenant operators. Cash flow coverage for the third quarter of 2011 in our triple-net lease portfolio increased 10 basis points to a strong 1.8x.  Same-store cash NOI growth for 2011 in this triple net portfolio was 2.7%, better than our projections at the beginning of the year of greater than 2.5%.  For 2012, we expect this part of our portfolio to again provide same-store cash NOI growth in excess of 2.5%. Furthermore, the long-term stable growth is supported by a weighted average maturity of 7 years for our total triple net portfolio.  Moving on to our seniors housing operating portfolio, which now represents 25% of our NOI. These communities continue their strong performance trend with positive sequential increases in occupancy, NOI and margin. Like apartments, our portfolio of 197 high-quality private pay seniors housing communities are in a management contract structure where Ventas is the direct recipient of the NOI. We have 6 years of experience with this structure and our strategy is simple and consistent. We target the best assets and the best markets with the best operators like Atria and Sunrise. Those of you who toured our Atria properties in New York with us in October got to see firsthand what we mean by this.  NOI for all communities in this portfolio increased 2.4% sequentially in the fourth quarter to $89.5 million, compared to the third quarter of 2011. And stabilized unit occupancy continued its upward trend by increasing 100 basis points to 88.9%. This momentum in occupancy, which normally wanes during the holiday season, has carried into the new year.  Our Sunrise portfolio of 79 high-quality, mansion style seniors housing communities finished 2011 with total NOI of $156.7 million, which was at the top end of our guidance range. 2011 NOI for our Sunrise portfolio was up an excellent 5% over 2010, excluding the previously mentioned $5 million cash payment.  Furthermore, resident occupancy increased 80 basis points sequentially and finished the fourth quarter at 91.4%, which is the highest total portfolio occupancy since 2007 when Ventas purchased these assets. Similar to our Sunrise portfolio, Ventas' Atria-managed portfolio of 118 private pay seniors housing communities experienced a strong fourth quarter of operations. Total NOI was $48.5 million for the fourth quarter, a sequential increase of 2.1% over the third quarter of 2011 and same-store stable occupancy increased 80 basis points to 89%.  NOI for the second half of 2011 was $96 million, which is right in line with the guidance we provided when we announced the transaction.  Ventas and Atria continue to execute on our redevelopment strategy as 3 new projects entered the pipeline and one was transitioned to stable during the quarter. Atria on the Hudson, our 122-unit green IL/AL/ALZ building in Westchester County, New York, which opened in April, ended the year at 70% occupancy and our 80-unit ILAL in Glen Cove, Long Island, which opened in October, finished the year at 59% occupancy. So these attractive redevelopment opportunities remain a key thesis for value creation and cash flow growth in our Atria portfolio.  For 2012, we expect total NOI for our Atria and Sunrise senior housing portfolio to range between $350 million and $360 million. Our guidance reflects that our Sunrise management fee reverts to 6% of revenues in 2012 resulting in an increase of $12 million in management fee expense for the year.  Pre-management fee, our guidance reflects a 5.5% NOI growth rate year-over-year for this portfolio. As you can see from our results again this quarter, trends in the seniors housing industry are positive and the fundamentals remain among the best of all real estate sectors.  Now I'd like to discuss Ventas' MOB portfolio. With the expected addition of Cogdell Spencer this year, we will add 4 million square feet of high-quality owned MOBs, another 2 million square feet of property management and another 12 investment grade hospital relationships to our Lillibridge medical office building business.  Upon closing, we will own 300 primarily on-campus MOBs coast-to-coast and relationships with over 60 investment grade hospitals and over 3,500 tenants.  For the fourth quarter, our same-store pool of 169 owned medical office buildings, including those recently acquired from NHP, provided approximately $34 million of NOI to Ventas and experienced positive sequential increases in occupancy, NOI and margin.  Same-store cash flow growth in our consolidated MOB portfolio grew 2.4% in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. So our medical office portfolio continues to deliver stable growing cash flows, which we expect to continue during 2012.  During the quarter, we also continue to realize the benefits of our relationship with Pacific Medical buildings, which came with our NHP acquisition as we began construction of a $28 million on-campus medical office building in California. This building is 100% pre-leased to AA-rated Sutter Health and should be completed by the end of this year. So our MOB portfolio is an important and growing part of our business and we look forward to capitalizing on additional opportunities in 2012.  Before I turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart, I'd like to spend a moment on the acquisitions environment. 2011 was a transformational year for Ventas with over $11 billion in acquisitions completed during the year. Of this total, over $940 million was originated by the combined Ventas-NHP regional origination platform. We also made significant investments in building our acquisitions capabilities by adding new resources, processes and systems. In the fourth quarter alone, we invested over $325 million in new deals with expected going in yields over 7%.  Looking into 2012, we expect to see a continued flow of attractive investment opportunities in our core senior housing and medical office target markets and with our recently announced agreement to acquire Cogdell Spencer, we are already off to a running start.  So with our extensive tenant relationships and investment grade balance sheet, the lowest leverage in our sector, $2 billion of revolver capacity, a competitive cost of capital and a world-class acquisitions platform, we are well-positioned to source and win attractive investment opportunities.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart who will discuss our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The following significant events occurred in the fourth quarter. In October, we closed on a new $2 billion unsecured 4-year revolving credit facility currently priced at 110 basis points over LIBOR. It replaced our prior $1 billion facility, which is priced at 280 basis points over LIBOR that was scheduled to mature in April 2012.  Our revolver balance at year end was $456 million and we had $46 million in cash. Currently, we have $270 million in cash and liquid investments and our entire $2 billion revolving credit capacity available.  In November, we repaid, at maturity, $230 million on our 3 7/8% convertible senior notes. We also issued a little over 940,000 shares in connection with the convert feature. The effective rate turned out to approximate 5.5%.  In November, we received the litigation settlement of $125 million from the HCP. The proceeds, less litigation expenses and a charitable contribution, were used to pay down the revolver. In November, S&P upgraded the company to BBB stable, joining Moody's at Baa2 stable and Fitch at BBB+ stable.  In December, we borrowed $500 million on a new unsecured term loan priced at 125 basis points over LIBOR with a weighted average maturity of 4.5 years. This replaced the short-term NHP loan we assumed at the NHP closing. We also collected over $81 million of notes receivable in the fourth quarter.  Now let me focus on fourth quarter results. Fourth quarter 2011 normalized FFO was $0.89 per diluted share, an increase of 15.6%, compared to fourth quarter of 2010 per share results of $0.77. Normalized FFO increased 113.5% to $259 million, compared to last year's fourth quarter of $121 million.  Normalized FFO in the fourth quarter excludes the net benefit totaling $99.7 million from net litigation proceeds and income tax benefit partially offset by merger-related expenses and deal in integration cost, mark-to-market adjustment for derivatives, loss on extinguishment of debt and amortization of other intangibles.  Fourth quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's fourth quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, triple net, senior housing operating, and medical office, as well as income from loans and investments.  Triple net lease revenues grew to $210 million from $116 million last year, primarily due to NHP and also due to contractual escalations. Senior housing operating NOI increased $47 million, principally due to the Atria acquisition. Fourth quarter medical office building NOI grew to $43.7 million from $18.5 million last year, primarily due to NHP. Both periods include $1.3 million in unconsolidated joint venture earnings.  Income from loans and investments increased to $9.9 million this year from $5.1 million last year due to NHP's portfolio.  On the expense side, consolidated interest expense increased to $70 million this quarter from $44.6 million last year, reflecting the assumed debt in the Atria and NHP acquisitions, as well as all the debt activity in the last year.  Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $4 million to this quarter's $259 million, primarily due to fourth quarter improvements in our senior housing operating business and MOB versus performance in the third quarter.  Interest expense decreased by $2 million in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, principally due to the repayment of our 3 7/8% convertible senior notes and the reduction on our revolver rate.  We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. At December 31, our credit stats were net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA at 4.7x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt to enterprise value 29%.  The most important takeaway of the year are that we made over $11 billion in acquisitions, yet our credit stats are better at the end of the year than they were at the beginning. And our 2011 FFO per share increased by 17% to $3.37. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter were 291 million shares, an increase of 84% over the fourth quarter of last year and fairly flat with the third quarter.  Starting off in 2012, we improved our weighted average debt maturity to over 6 years and expanded our current liquidity to over $2 billion. We are initiating our 2012 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.63 to $3.69.  At the midpoint of the range, that's growth of 8.6%. While our projections do assume the closing of Cogdell Spencer in the second quarter consistent with our normal practice, they exclude additional unannounced acquisitions and capital transactions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, I know a number of you have questions about the 2013 Kindred lease renewal. So I thought I would address that subject for you now.  So as most of you know, this is our third renewal cycle under the Kindred master leases. Kindred has already renewed assets representing $23 million in annual rent, leaving about $99 million in annual rent remaining subject to Kindred's renewal options in 2013 or 7% of Ventas annualized NOI.  Kindred has until April 30, 2012, to exercise its renewal options on these assets and at this time, we can't tell you whether or not Kindred will renew its lease on any or all of these assets up for 2013 renewal.  The key points that we believe current rents for the 73 health healthcare facilities are at about market level. The facilities are profitable at current rent levels and they would be attractive to a variety of health care providers if they do become available for releasing.  So whether it's with Kindred or with new Ventas tenants, we feel confident about the expected outcome of the 2013 renewal process.  So operator, we'll be happy to open the call to take our analysts and shareholder questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Quentin Velleley from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman for Quentin. Debbie, how do you -- in the event that Kindred doesn't renew some or all of the 2013 remaining expiries, what would sort of the timing be of -- you mentioned the rents are at market, but what would be the timing of sort of release the CapEx potentially in there so as we start to think about 2013 earnings and cash flow, what sort of down time we would need to sort of bake in, in dealing with that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, thanks for joining, Michael. I would say that the leases are set up so that we would always have at least one year to release the assets if there isn't a renewal. And so what would happen is we would basically spend that year's time repositioning the assets and as you know or may not know, we own the licenses in the assets and there's very detailed provisions in the leases that would call for an orderly transition of operations. So there really shouldn't be any so-called downtime like you would think about in an office or retail. Really, there would be a transition of operations on -- going concern kind of business level in the assets.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So there would be no loss FFO from that standpoint?
Debra A. Cafaro: There should be no downtime at all. And if rents are at market and if Kindred doesn't renew and we release the asset at the same level there should be just a continuous rent stream, basically.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how do you respond? I mean there are certain cynics out there that say all the investment activity that you've done over the last 18 months which has been significant was a way to grow out of this potential issue of Kindred in terms of its size and that maybe you overpaid for, for those acquisitions, and so how do you defend yourself in that way when you hear those things?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I really would make 2 comments. In general, I would say that anytime you can do accretive, diversifying acquisitions that improve your balance sheet and reduce your cost of debt by 100-plus basis points and you really -- that's a signal to say yes, you should go ahead and do those acquisitions. I would also say honestly to those cynics that during my 12 years of tenure here at Ventas, I have consistently tried to position the company, not only to grow, but as you know, to manage risk. And one part of managing risk over the past 10 years has been to continue to manage the balance sheet, but also to continue to manage tenant concentration, because no matter how good a tenant you have and no matter -- you always want to continue to manage risk in your business. So if we can grow cash flows and manage risk I think that, that -- and grow a dividend, that is 8% taker as we have over the past 5 years or so. I think that is a recipe for delivering shareholder value. And I feel very strongly about that. Those are the 2 things that we try to do and the acquisitions that we did in 2011 and the one that we're doing 2012, I think fits squarely within our pattern of growth diversification and risk management.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's very helpful. And just one last one just in terms of the Kindred stuff this coming June next year, how much unsolicited approaches have you received from other sort of competitors on those assets or how much marketing have you done in the event that they don't release renewal?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, because -- well over a year at this point, we would expect that any overtures that we would make relative to unrenewed assets would occur after April 30, because it would be at that point that we would know whether we would have 0 assets or 73 assets to bring to market. So we think that there's a time and place with that, but it would essentially be starting in May of 2012.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Let me just make sure I understood. The 73 facilities, are they in 4 what you call bundles?
Debra A. Cafaro: I can tell you they're divided into 8 renewal groups or what we have typically called bundles. And every bundle has between 6 and 13 assets and at least 1 hospital. And so -- and they're diversified by market and asset type, et cetera. And the renewal options that Kindred has are really by renewal group.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right. So like it's not going to be all or nothing on the 73, it could be somewhere in between?
Debra A. Cafaro: It could be something in between, as I said, we could have 73 released to Kindred. We can have 0 released to new tenants or to Kindred and all released to new tenants or something in between.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If you said that before, I apologize.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, that's okay.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The 5.5% same store NOI growth that you're assuming in your guidance for the operating portfolio, Sunrise and Atria, would you be willing to break that down between what you're expecting from Sunrise and what you're expecting from Atria?
Raymond J. Lewis: We are providing guidance on a consolidated basis, Rich. I think just to provide you with some flavor though, I think the Atria will grow at a higher growth rate than the average and the Sunrise at a little bit lower than the average.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I wanted to ask on the Cogdell Spencer transaction, when you announced that you included transaction cost in your return, I guess, you guys being so normalized in the way you talk about things, I'm surprised that you included transaction costs in your return projections for that portfolio. What would it be if you were to take out the transaction cost and just purely on the investment in the entity, what would be the returns then? I think it was low 7s with transaction costs?
Debra A. Cafaro: We'll give you that. And again, I mean when we look at investments, we take -- we look at them a lot of different ways. And we certainly would want to take investment into account and looking at kind of the going in yield. And if we do that, it would be kind of a -- if we take out the transaction costs, we'd be looking at somewhere in the mid-7% cap rate on expected NOI.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Getting back to the senior housing portfolio. I'm looking at your disclosure on Page 15 of the supplemental. And obviously you have a cliff down in the report, I guess, inclusive of Atria. Do you ever foresee that cliff kind of becoming less substantial. In other words, is there any upside, meaningful upside, to Atria rents relative  to Sunrise that you can see in the future or will it always kind of be that big gap?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, Rich, they are, as we've said different operating models. The Sunrise is a smaller, higher, acuity assisted living Alzheimer's focus. The Atria is a larger, lower acuity independent living, assisted-living focus. That being said, as we do redevelopments, we're adding reprogramming for Alzheimer's and other high acuity space into some of the Atria buildings which could continue to push those rates up. And as we redevelop the independent living and assisted living buildings in the higher quality markets, we're also seeing rate increases. So I don't think you'll see that cliff close, but you could see the Atria rate growth go at a faster rate than the Sunrise rate growth near term.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then my last question is on the growing exposure to private pay 84% of revenues, 70% of NOI. I guess, just to be a cynical, is there a loss of diversification as you get more and more into private pay or would you, if you could snap your fingers and get to a 100% private pay, would you do it?
Debra A. Cafaro: There's a lot of cynics on this call. I would say the following: I believe in diversification. I believe in it strongly. And I think that having a balanced portfolio that has a mixture of asset types and operating models is the best way to manage the company as we grow. And so, we have deliberately focused over the past 2 years on driving our private pay revenue and NOI statistics higher and we think it was the right time in the cycle to do that. But obviously, nursing homes are an important part of the post-acute delivery of care to seniors in the United States. And at the right time and at the right price and the right structure, those are appropriate assets to own as a health care REIT, I believe, in a diversified portfolio. So that's how I would answer your question. I think that's how we'd manage the company.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, so it's 70% of NOI be kind of a ceiling for you or do you think you could even go up higher?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I could see that being 70% to 80% private pay NOI.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Sekino from Barclays Capital.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry if you mentioned already, but can you give us some flavor on the occupancy pricing and maybe even expense growth in the $350 million to $360 million NOI for the operating senior housing assets?
Raymond J. Lewis: Right. And so just as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the management fee this year will be reverting to the 6% rate. So if you sort of back out that $12 million impact and sort of go 2011 to 2012, I think occupancies up 50-ish basis point, rates up 3%, 3.5%, margins relatively flat, ought to get you that 5.5% growth on the bottom line.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, thanks for the detail. And then I know it's still early but maybe if you could provide some color from your conversations with some of your SNF operators on what they're experiencing in the fourth quarter in terms of handling the rate cuts? Some operators suggest maybe the rate per day has been less -- the impact on the rate per day and maybe cost mitigation has been successful. Any details you could give there would be helpful.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean we can discuss some of our private operators. I think that the revenue cuts are really coming in, in line with their expectations. And people are, in general, being successful at starting to mitigate the cuts and are looking to a 25% to 50% ultimate mitigation level. And that some operators will be able to effectuate that mitigation earlier than others, but in general, once they get everything in place, I would expect 25% to 50% mitigation.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Theiler from Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: One of your peers had a big Canadian investment this quarter. I'd love to hear an update on how you're thinking about potential international expansion and whether you see that as a growth driver for you in the future?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we do have our Canadian Sunrise asset that we acquired in 2007 and we like the Canadian market. I would tell you that we believe that if you're looking at big long-term trends, in health care and senior housing and health care REIT, you can see potentially over time expansion into either the kind of Western democracy that are aging and/or countries like India or China where there's a growing middle class that would be paying for infrastructure, private pay hospitals and things like that. But those are really pie in the sky. Those outside of North America at this point are really much longer term kinds of initiatives and so, I think you may see health care REITs go there over time, but we're talking decades kind of, not tomorrow.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess, in the U.S. then, in terms of other asset types, I know that we've talked about lab space a lot with you in the past. Is that an area you're still interested in or has pricing gone too far for you to be interested in it at this point, or how are you thinking about that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, Jeff, I think turning back to the U.S. is a good segue. I mean the one great thing that we have in the health care real estate space is that we still have huge amounts of opportunities here domestically. And that is unlike some of the other real estate sectors and again, it's because you do have this trillion dollar health care real estate market where the REITs still own less than, say, 10% of it. And that distinguishes us, I think, among real estate sectors in a positive way because you've got a large sector, it's growing and it's sort of under-penetrated in public ownership. So that really does focus us kind of back on the extensive domestic opportunities. And as you mentioned, life sciences is one of them and I'll turn the rest of that over to my partner, Ray, to answer.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. And Jeff, our view on that hasn't really changed. We think it's a great space. We think it fits well within the healthcare REIT portfolio from a diversification and growth standpoint. It is a specialized business. It requires expertise, not unlike when we got in to the medical office building space, we would want to do it either in partnership with that expertise or by acquiring that platform. And so as and when the right opportunity presents itself, we'll certainly work hard on it. There are a number of other, I think, very positive trends going on in the health care world at large, for health care REITs that could drive more business into our wheelhouse. I think, as Debbie mentioned, there's a huge addressable universe, much of which is owned by hospital and health systems who are facing increasing needs for capital and decisions that they have to make about how they're going to allocate their own precious capital. Pressures in the tax code are also making it more difficult for them to raise additional capital. And so over time, we could see a scenario where more hospitals would be monetizing their real estate, both medical office and other hospital-owned real estate, and that could present some really attractive opportunities to us as and when those trends take hold.
Operator: Your next question comes is from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: In regards to your 2012 guidance, I was wondering if you guys could give a little bit more color over some other drivers. I think you've given the NOI numbers for the senior housing operating platform, but kind of what else is going into that number?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have improved operations. Obviously, offset with the increase and reversion of the Sunrise management fee. We've got Cogdell Spencer and we've got some improvement on capital cost and escalators in our senior housing leases. And basically, some timing or negative [indiscernible] from prefunding the Cogdell Spencer acquisition. Those are kind of the major drivers to the midpoint. And importantly, I mean, importantly I would say no acquisition, which we always give guidance that way, of course. And just give you one example, I mean we had $81 million of loans pay off in the fourth quarter and they were in the 9-ish percent. So if we end up reinvesting that money that obviously changes the outcome, but right now, we're just assuming that, that pays down debt. So things like that go both ways.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, the reason why I'm asking is the Sunrise, the senior housing operating numbers look pretty strong for 2012 and you have a lot of these natural escalators it just doesn't quite sum up, at least in my model, to your $3.63 to $3.69 guidance number. I'm wondering whether it's the classic, under-promise and over-delivered that we've gotten accustomed to with Ventas over the past several years?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well we certainly try to deliver. I think we also try to sort of call it like we see it and we're giving you sort of the assumptions that we have and I think, a midpoint 9% FFO growth without any acquisitions is pretty outstanding, frankly. So I feel good about that and obviously, to the extent that we work the whole year as we always to do to try to do acquisitions that are smart and do better than that. But I feel good about 9% FFO per share growth and at the midpoint and an 8% dividend increase and, obviously, we'll try to do better if we can.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: There are no lease expirations or anything built into it that we're not aware of?
Debra A. Cafaro: No.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just about just kind of given the large amount of the large operating platform now, could you talk just a little bit more about just what CapEx spend could look-- recurring CapEx spend could look like in 2012, both for the senior housing operating portfolio and the MOB portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I think if you kind of exclude any kind of new development or things like that, we'll be looking at about in the kind of $50 million to $60 million, if memory serves. I'll confirm that for you.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: $50 million to $60 million. And then just last question, and thanks for indulging me. On the Kindred side of things, if my memory serves correctly, the $99 million number you discussed on the call, that number was closer to about $130 million that will actually meant to come up for reset, it sounds like some of it has already been leased, some of it have already been leased, is that correct?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, exactly. Of the -- let's call it $122 million that's up for 2013 renewal, remember all these goes May of 2013, $23 million of that has already been renewed by Kindred. So that's why we've got the $99 million, that is up, remains up for the 2013 renewal.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you talk about the new terms on that, and did you have any red bumps [ph] on that or kind of came in flat versus the old rent or...
Debra A. Cafaro: Say that again, sorry?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the partial, the amount that's actually been released. What the new lease terms were and what pricing, what rents are like on that relative to the old rent?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, the renewals are formulaic. And so the renewal is a 5-year renewal basically with a standard contractual escalations of basically 2.7%. So those are -- those will just carry on and then a couple of them have the ability for us to have kind of a mini reset right or an appraisal process whereby rents could increase to market. So maybe there's some pick up on that potentially in 2013.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Bernstein from with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have a question on the Kindred leases that are up for renewal. Can you characterize whether those leases are better or worse lease coverage than the overall number that you're providing in the supplemental? I'm just trying to get a sense of the quality of those assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I can tell you. On the 73 assets that are basically are still up for renewal, they have 2.1x EBITDARM coverage, which is consistent with the whole portfolio. Remember, all of these, the whole structure of the Kindred master leases is that it's a diversified portfolio at the macro level, at the master lease level and at the renewal group level. So they're designed to have consistency across each sort of economic unit, if you will.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. The other question I have is in terms of the taxable REIT subsidiary, when you think about growing those subsidiaries or growing those operating assets, are you thinking about maybe doing any development, aside from the redevelopment in Atria can you do straight-up development in there? What kind of assets do you want to add to the operating asset portfolio to help that grow?
Debra A. Cafaro: Dan, I think that we have done some development sort of consistent with a structure that's commonly used by health care REITs and some of those came over from NHP, but I do believe we do those in the REIT itself as opposed to taxable REIT subsidiary where we're doing kind of -- we're kind of financing a ground up development for one of our operator partners who has a good track record. And then that converts into a triple-net lease, but I'm almost sure that, that occurs within the REIT itself.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just kind thinking if you're worried about CapEx at senior housing, the aging of the stock there, you might want newer assets in the TRS does that make sense or...
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, in general, yes. I mean we like to have newer assets, but those could be in the REIT as well. They don't have to be in the TRS, that's my only point.
Dan Bernstein - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. The other question I had was on the guidance. Are you making any -- although it doesn't include acquisitions, do you have any kind of goals or assumptions on what you can do in terms of the smaller relationship driven, NHP-driven acquisitions obviously, the big, the large acquisitions will come in chunks but what kind of quarterly acquisitions do you think you can turn just from these smaller portfolios?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, our experience is that acquisitions big and small are relatively unpredictable, which is why we don't predict then, we can tell you what the past has been.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, as I've said in my remarks, last year, we originated about $940 million through that combined Ventas-NHP originations platform. We've got, I think, some really strong originators in the marketplace. Very good customer relationships with a number of tenants both Ventas and NHP, legacy tenants that are providing us with a consistent flow of transactions and we would expect that in 2012 we will continue to do a lot of that type of business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nicholas Yulico from Macquarie.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to see if I heard this correctly. Did you say that all of the facilities in the upcoming Kindred renewal are profitable at current rent levels?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. The 73 assets that are up for renewal have coverage over 2x. Therefore, they are profitable.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. I'm just wondering if there is, perhaps, a situation that could happen here with similar to back in 2007 where you actually sold some of the underperforming SNFs back to Kindred?
Debra A. Cafaro: Great question. We have done some very favorable transactions for both parties in the past where Kindred acquired some underperforming assets at attractive valuations from our standpoint. We redeployed that capital into other investments and those opportunities will always exist and some of them happened last time in the context of the renewal process. So those kinds of -- thank you for reminding me, those kinds of things can indeed happen.
Nicholas Yulico - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, Ray, I think you were saying that some of the occupancy gains in the RIDEA portfolio from the fourth quarter have carried into 2012 here. Can you just talk a little bit about how you guys are sort of managing occupancy here in the first quarter and whether you've had to maybe offer some rate concessions to keep occupancy high?
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I did mention that we sort of buck the seasonal trend where normally, during the holidays, occupancy declines and we've seen our occupancy hold up heading into January. So that's a positive thing and we haven't had to provide any incentives or other discounts to drive that. So we're pleased about the way the year is starting.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of James Milam from Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Did you give the portfolio occupancy for the MOB portfolio on a combined basis for the stabilized and non-stabilized?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'm sorry if I missed it, can you just give it to me again.
Todd W. Lillibridge: James, this is Todd Lillibridge. On the stabilized portfolio, which is the 177 facilities that we've got, excluding the 14 non-stabilized, the current occupancy there is 91.9%. And on a combined basis, when we combine both stable and non-stable, at 89.5%.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Great. And I guess I'll just say, I noticed you guys took that column out on the first page of the sub, so to the extent that my opinion matters, I would love to see that back in there. The disclosures are great, we really appreciate it. I'm looking forward to talking to David later this afternoon. Second quick question, can you guys give a little more color on the assets that you sold, just what type of properties those are and how you're thinking about increasing the disposition activity going into 2012?
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure. So those were independent and assisted living properties in our triple net portfolio. Basically, sold at a 6 3/4-ish cap rate on rent. And as we look forward in our portfolio, obviously, we want to be prudent allocators of capital and where we find opportunities to recycle capital out of assets that are either not long-term strategic or where we think we can sell the assets at a cap rate and invest at a better yield someplace else, we're going to take advantage of those opportunities. And with the portfolio now of almost 1,400 properties, I think there's going to be a lot more opportunities for us to do that in 2012.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: On these ones that you did sell, were they newer assets or older assets or just out of sort of the market geography you're looking for, what was kind of the driver behind disposing of these ones?
Raymond J. Lewis: I think there was a win-win opportunity here. They are, I would say, productive assets, but probably not assets that are central to our strategic objectives. And so there's a chance for us to sell them back and have -- redeploy the capital into perhaps assets that we might want to own longer term.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then my last one just especially since you said you sold those at a 6 3/4, are you guys seeing just as a general trend cap rates continuing to compress and if so, how are you thinking about acquisition opportunities and growth with prices sort of continuing this upward trend? Is that -- are you seeing deals that you're kind of passing on because they're getting expensive or are you still seeing plenty of accretive opportunities and that's not really an issue yet?
Raymond J. Lewis: I think, James, given the strong fundamentals in our core medical office and seniors housing space, there is a lot of competition for transactions. And as a consequence, cap rates remain very competitive and pricing on transactions remain competitive. We have a number of relationships and as the incumbent in those relationships, I think we have the opportunity to win those transactions at the margins. So that's helpful for us. And then we have to be selective and really look at the deals that we think we want to own for the long term that have the right, either cash flow growth profile from an operating asset perspective or credit structural support and structure from a triple net perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains from Morgan Keegan.
Debra A. Cafaro: I'm so glad you kind of connected that dot. I was going to follow on to Ray's comments that I decided that we don't want to make the call too long, but I'm very glad you added that. I mean, this is a couple things. One is the reason there's competition for acquisitions is because these are great assets in health care real estate, they provide really good risk-adjusted returns. They performed the best in the downturn of any real estate sector, they've got good supply demand fundamentals, stable cash flows, et cetera. And so it's not surprising that there is a lot of competition for these kind of assets and I know all of you think I'm obsessed with cost of capital because I am, because if we want to buy the best assets and still make money for shareholders, and we really need to have a very competitive cost of capital, which happily, due to all the activities that we've undertaken, we absolutely do. And I think it really is important for our continued success. So that doesn't mean that we throw out all of our kind of underwriting criteria either just because something is accretive doesn't mean it's appropriately valued. So that's really the push and pull and of it. And I would say that we have all of the predicates in place for continuing to drive attractive acquisitions and really, it's just up to us to identify those opportunities that we want to pursue when we think they make good sense. But we, in general, we're happy that people like health care real estate assets and really embrace their profile.
Raymond J. Lewis: Obviously, other health care REITs as you've seen.
Debra A. Cafaro: Pension funds, insurance companies.
Raymond J. Lewis: Private equity firms. There is, through the Fannie and Freddie agency financing, very attractive secured financing available, so there are people who have access to capital and can generate positive spreads over their cost of capital that will compete for transactions with the health care REITs.
Debra A. Cafaro: And owner operators, as well.
Raymond J. Lewis: Absolutely.
Debra A. Cafaro: I hope that's helpful.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, there are 2 reasons. One is as we all know in life if people have CapEx budgets, they tend to end up spending most of it in the fourth quarter after they do all the plan -- they get it approved and they do all the planning. So timing is definitely part of it. And that's why you can't ever take kind of the fourth quarter times 4, or the first quarter times 4. But also remember, we added Atria in the middle of the year and so it would be -- that would be the second major reason that it would be disproportionate to the full year.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Debbie, a couple of questions. First, regarding medical office building, do you think the longer-term cash flow growth profile is higher, lower or the same as senior housing?
Debra A. Cafaro: I think it's lower.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And that certainly has an impact over how you think about going in yield, is that a fair statement?
Debra A. Cafaro: Absolutely. And in fact, we did that exact analysis when we were looking at Cogdell Spencer. We said, okay, you know, this is x 7 whatever low to mid 7s yields and if you bought a senior housing asset, that was of similar quality, sort of if you analogize to the on-campus kind of highly rated hospital system kind of situation, if you bought a senior housing asset at x yield, let's call it low to mid-7s minus some amount, what do the growth rates have to be in order to get a similar return. So yes, we do look at that and so the -- that's why we feel good with the kind of low to mid-7 cap rate on the Cogdell portfolio. I mean is that what you're getting at?
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, that's exactly how I look at it. I just wanted to make sure we're on the same page.
Debra A. Cafaro: We're on it, yes.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. With respect to Kindred. My understanding is that Ventas and Kindred have historically had a very positive relationship and that you and Paul are always, have been on good terms. So with that in mind, I guess I'm wondering why couldn't the 2 companies come together on a resolution for all of the 2013 assets all at once, rather than what is sort of going on now, which is sort of, yes, we'll renew some now and we'll get back to you later on the rest of them, because that creates uncertainty for both companies. Why couldn't all these been dealt with a couple of months ago?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, yes, theoretically, that could happen, but basically we talked about this a little bit before and I don't want to get too much into the minutiae of the way the leases work, but there was an incentive for Kindred to renew assets where they thought that the reset rent would go up a little bit earlier and they did that. And then with respect to April 30, there's a lot going on in the reimbursement world and so on, we've got mitigation and so on. So I don't criticize Kindred basically for waiting until they have the most possible information until they decide whether they're going to renew or not. And in the meantime, obviously, we talk all the time and if the companies want to reach a consensual resolution, obviously, we have been able to do so on certain matters in the past and I believe we could do so in the future.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Has there been anything adversarial in the process here or has it been the same mutually friendly relationship that you've had over the years?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I think it's a very good relationship and it's been very professional in relation to the renewal process. And I would say good, more than professional.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Truxillo from Bank of America.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So on top of any acquisitions that you guys made, do you have some bonds coming due later in the year or the CSA acquisition you have to fund? Can you kind of talk about how you plan on funding those capital needs? Do you see yourself going back to the term loan market which obviously, gave you very attractive pricing? Could you use preferreds or do you kind of plan to stick to the unsecured bond market?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we basically have $2.3 billion in liquidity right now. As you know, we just did the very attractive 4.25% tenure unsecured bonds and that essentially funds, with our cash on hand, more than funds Cogdell Spencer and so we have minimal other maturities in 2012. And so absent additional investment activity, I think we're in great, great shape. And even with incremental investment activity, we have the kind of capacity, so I think we're liquid.
Thomas C. Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. A quick follow up. You guys called the 6.5% notes. You have 2 additional issues that are kind of approaching new call dates. Can you give us any thoughts on your process, your thought process there, do you see further opportunities kind of reduce that cost of capital you like to talk about?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And I think that's a great question for bondholders and shareholders alike and because we want to make money for all of our constituents. I mentioned in the outset that if there's $1 billion of debt and we replace it at 200 basis points cheaper, we're making $20 million of additional annual cash flow and if we do that by calling shorter-term bonds and issuing, say, 10-year bonds, we're not only adding to our cash flows, improving our interest coverage and credit stats, making more money for shareholders but we're also managing risk by staggering and lengthening our debt maturity schedule. So as we see opportunities to do that, I think it would make sense for shareholders and bondholders alike for us to continue to execute that kind of plan. So over time, I think we'll try to be smart and optimize those kinds of transactions.
Debra A. Cafaro: So I don't know if Jerry Doctrow is on the phone or not but I do want to give him a little shout out for his years of following our sector with great intelligence and humor and vigor. Most of you know Jerry is retiring in early March and it is a loss for our industry despite the abilities of his able successor. So I just wanted to say that Jerry helped me a lot 12 years ago when I got to the industry and I'll always be very grateful for that. And I know that all of us at Ventas will really miss his presence and his perspective.  So with that, I want to thank everyone for joining today. We sincerely, as always, appreciate your interest in Ventas and your support of the company. And we hope to see everybody in Florida next month. So thanks, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Investment Committee and Member of Executive Committee Raymond J. Lewis - President David J. Smith - Head of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Ventas Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jess, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. David Smith, Manager, Investor Relations and Capital Markets. And you have the floor, sir.
David J. Smith: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I'll now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to the Ventas third quarter 2011 earnings call. We're so happy to be with you today, reporting on excellent results that for the first time include a full quarter of those on Atria and NHP acquisitions. Together, these acquisitions improved our private-pay NOI percentage, significantly diversified our business, increased our percentage of NOI from high-quality private-pay senior housing, and we're accretive to earnings. And importantly, all of these occurred with a very, very strong balance sheet. First, I want to thank more than 60 investors and analysts who attended our New York Atria property tour on October 20. The tour showcased 7 of our high-quality private-pay senior housing communities managed by Atria. Those who attended undoubtedly could see why we acquired the portfolio. These communities knock your socks off in terms of physical plant, location and wealthy sub-markets and high service levels.  Atria, the fourth largest assisted living operator in the U.S., also highlighted its commitment to delivering a gold standard customer experience for its residents and its track record of delivering high returning, environmentally focused redevelopment projects. Today, I'll provide a brief overview of the quarter and discuss how we are executing on our larger, more diverse platform. Ray will review our portfolio performance, and Rick will end with a detailed review of our financial results. Following our presentation, we'll be happy to take your questions.  In 2011, Ventas completed $11 billion of acquisitions and today, we're a $20-plus billion S&P 500 company, with multiple avenues for growth that generates 1.4 billion of diversified NOI from over 1,300 properties with the lion share derived from private-pay sources. We continue to focus on delivering consistent superior total return to our shareholders by growing cash flows and managing enterprise risk.  Ventas' balance sheet, ratings and liquidity continued to be excellent, aided by our Atria and NHP acquisitions. Our current net debt to EBITDA is an outstanding 4.7x, and our current fixed charge coverage well exceeds 4x. These industry-leading credit statistics position us with significant dry powder as additional, attractive investment opportunities come our way.  The rating agencies have recognized the benefits of our diversified platform, size, increased tenant-operator relationships and strong balance sheet. Both Fitch and Moody's upgraded Ventas' credit ratings during the third quarter to BBB+ and Baa2 respectively. We have also continued to reduce our borrowing costs and increase our liquidity. Not only did we issue $700 million in 10-year bonds in May at 4 3/4%. We also closed a new $2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility in October. This new facility added $1 billion of liquidity, extended the maturity from early 2012 to late 2016, and significantly improved our pricing. At LIBOR plus 125 basis points, we currently have the lowest healthcare reach spread in the revolver market. We will remain relentless in our focus to drive down our capital cost, as well as maintain financial strength and flexibility going forward. These dual attributes will allow us to be both opportunistic and safe.  Our NHP integration efforts are proceeding well. Our teams are working effectively together and we are on track to realize the $15 million in G&A synergies we previously announced, a savings of 50% from the NHP run rate. We're also executing on the growth aspects of our powerful consolidated platform. In October, we closed over $150 million of investments, which included 2 MOBs under our Lillibridge platform, one seniors housing asset that will be added to our Atria portfolio, and another triple-net lease seniors housing asset with a new highly desirable operating partner.  We had a great quarter as a result of our acquisitions and our teams' execution. Ventas reported normalized FFO per share of $0.88, a 20.5% increase over the third quarter of 2010. Our NOI is growing and diversifying. Our FFO and cash flow per share are increasing, and our balance sheet is industry-leading. Even if you choose to eliminate all of our net noncash income, Ventas' FFO would be $0.82 per share this quarter, representing 12.3% year-over-year growth, and extremely high-quality results. With the benefit of NHP, we now expect full year 2011 normalized FFO per share to range between $3.34 to $3.36 per share, an increase of $0.15 at the mid-point over our prior range. So in sum, we're very pleased with our position both financially and strategically, following our recent transactions, and we look forward to harvesting the benefits of our assets and our platform going forward for the benefit of our shareholders. Ray?
Raymond J. Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. With the Atria and NHP acquisitions, our balanced portfolio now includes over 1,300 properties in 47 states and 2 Canadian provinces, contains over 100 tenant-operator relationships, and is diversified by asset class and payer source, with the vast majority of our NOI coming from private-pay assets such as seniors housing and medical office buildings. Ventas' portfolio continues to provide consistent and reliable cash flow growth. For the third quarter, our same-store portfolio of 597 properties provided strong cash flow growth of 3.4% over the third quarter of 2010 after adjusting for a $2 million cash payment received from Sunrise, and equalizing the management fee in the 2010 comparison period. Moreover, our same-store cash flow growth statistic includes only those properties that we owned in both periods and, therefore, it does not get the benefit of the high-growth Atria-managed assets that we acquired in the second quarter of this year.  First, I would like to discuss our triple-net-lease portfolio. This portfolio now includes all of the NHP properties, and accounts for 61% of Ventas' NOI. It contains over 900 properties, and is well diversified across the seniors housing, skilled nursing and hospital asset classes. Cash flow coverage in the entire triple-net portfolio was a solid 1.7x rent through the second quarter of 2011, the latest date available. Furthermore, same-store cash NOI growth was 2.7% over the prior year, driven primarily by contractual rent escalations.  As a point of clarification, we report our triple-net-lease coverages 1 quarter in arrears. As such, this combined coverage information is only for the legacy Ventas portfolio, and excludes the NHP portfolio, which we did not own in the second quarter. In order to provide visibility into the consolidated triple-net-lease portfolio, including the NHP assets, we have provided 5 quarters of historical occupancy and coverage data by asset class in our supplemental. For all 3 asset classes, seniors housing, hospitals and skilled nursing, coverages were stable and occupancies were consistent with historical levels during the comparison periods.  As many of you know, Ventas has strategically invested with a goal of diversifying its portfolio and increasing its private-pay revenues. As a result of the 11-plus billion dollars of acquisitions that we have completed, private-pay assets now provide nearly 70% of our NOI. In addition, our skilled nursing portfolio continues to perform well. Consolidated skilled nursing portfolio cash flow coverage, including our Kindred portfolio, was a healthy 2x in the second quarter. Assuming a 13% cut to Medicare revenues on average and a 25% mitigation on average by our operators, coverage would still be a healthy 1.7x, all other things being equal. So we continue to believe that our skilled nursing rents are well covered and should provide sustainable cash flow to Ventas.  Now let's turn to our seniors housing operating portfolio. As previously mentioned, this is the first full quarter of operating results for the 117 communities managed by Atria that were acquired on May 12. Combined with our 79 highly productive assisted living communities managed by Sunrise, we now have a portfolio of 196 senior housing operating properties, which account for approximately 25% of our annualized NOI. This portfolio is located primarily in high barrier to entry coastal markets, with strong wealth demographics, and contains some of the very best assets markets and operators in the industry .  Ventas' Sunrise's portfolio of 79 high-quality mansion-style communities continue to deliver solid performance, generating $40 million of NOI for the third quarter, which is a sequential increase of 1.2%, and represents the second highest quarterly NOI since we acquired the portfolio in 2007. Year-over-year NOI increased a strong 5.6% after making the previously mentioned adjustments for cash payments and management fee in the 2010 comparison period, and year-over-year average daily rate grew a solid 4.1%. Resident occupancy for this portfolio increased 120 basis points sequentially to 90.6% compared to the second quarter of 2011. And based on recent performance, we expect average occupancy for our Sunrise portfolio to be up slightly for the fourth quarter as well. So as you can see, our Sunrise portfolio continues to perform right in line with the assumptions we provided in February for rate and occupancy in 2011.  Before I leave Sunrise, I just want to give a quick reminder that we negotiated a reduction in the management fee that we pay to Sunrise at the time we purchased Sunrise minority interest in our portfolio in December of 2010. Beginning in January 2012, the base management fee will return to 6% of revenues from the current 3.75% level.  Now let's turn to Atria, which also delivered solid performance in the third quarter, and was in line with our expectations. NOI for the third quarter, our first full quarter of ownership, was $47.5 million. This reflects high single-digit growth over the prior year when Atria owned the portfolio, and is consistent with what we projected when we acquired the portfolio. And like our Sunrise assets, the Atria communities also experienced positive occupancy trends during the third quarter, with average unit occupancy up 60 basis points to 87.4% since June.  During the quarter, we moved 2 assets from redevelopment into the stabilized pool, one high-end assisted and independent living community on 86th Street in New York, which achieved 95% occupancy during the third quarter and another asset in Sunnyvale, California, which was at 94% occupancy during the third quarter. We also commenced redevelopment on one asset during the quarter, and our redevelopment pool now consists of 6 properties, which contributed $1.2 million of NOI in the third quarter. Both lease-up and rate growth trends in this portfolio are very positive. For example, we opened one asset in Glen Cove on Long Island in September that is currently over 40% occupied, separately, another green-assisted living community in Westchester County that opened in April is now over 2/3 occupied with rates of approximately $7,000 per month, over 60% above the rates of the building generated prior to redevelopment. We continue to be impressed by Atria's unmatched redevelopment expertise. We are excited about the redevelopment opportunities in our portfolio, and look forward to announcing additional projects in the coming quarters.  So both our Sunrise and Atris portfolios are performing well, tracking the guidance that we provided earlier this year. And as the largest owner of seniors housing in the U.S., Ventas should continue to benefit from the positive supply-demand fundamentals in the industry. Construction starts compared to overall inventory continued to be very modest, and totaled less than 1% of overall inventory for the third quarter. Moreover, demand is increasing as the 85-plus population, which is our target market, continues to grow at 3 times the rate of the overall population. These positive fundamentals should continue to drive performance in our seniors housing operating portfolio, where we are the direct beneficiary of the NOI at the communities.  Now I'd like to briefly discuss Ventas' medical office building portfolio, which accounts for 11% of the company's NOI. Ventas' owned medical office portfolio now totals over 230 medical office buildings, and including our managed properties, spans across approximately 14 million square feet. The vast majority of these medical office buildings are on campuses of leading hospitals and health systems. As you know, Ventas' medical office portfolio has grown significantly over the past 5 quarters due to our Lillibridge acquisition in July of 2010, along with our recent NHP acquisition, which came with a strategic relationship with Pacific Medical buildings and exclusive rights to over 1 billion of future development for Class A medical offices. As a result, Ventas is now the largest, fully integrated owner, manager and developer of medical office buildings in the United States with a coast-to-coast presence.  Our medical office portfolio delivered another quarter of consistent performance. Our total owned same-store medical office portfolio delivered another year of consistent performance with year-over-year cash flow growth of 2.6%. Year-over-year, our 57 consolidated same-store stable assets generated $12 million of NOI, consistent with the comparison period and an occupancy of 93.5%, which is comfortably above industry averages. Sequentially, our consolidated same-store stable portfolio contains 63 properties that delivered similarly strong and consistent performance in NOI, and grew occupancy by 30 basis points.  With the addition of NHP, our stable-owned portfolio now contains 169 properties, an increase of 106 properties over the Ventas stable-owned portfolio in the second quarter of 2011. This portfolio is 91.6% occupied, and accounts for over $137 million of annualized NOI. Trends in our medical office business are very positive. During the third quarter, we experienced an increase in leasing activity, including new and expansion leasing.  During the third quarter, our same-store weighted average tenant retention rate was 84%. We are also experiencing an uptick in requests for proposals on new development, with 8 projects totaling about $80 million for which we have been awarded exclusive rights to work on development. With over 14 million square feet owned and managed, our MOB portfolio provides the scale and financial performance to leverage the full-service capabilities of our Lillibridge platform. Coupled with our partnership with Pacific Medical, we now have the fully-scaled, multi-capability medical office platform that we set out to create just 4 years ago.  Just a quick note on acquisitions before I turn it over to Rich Schweinhart. As you know, we closed our acquisition of NHP at the beginning of the third quarter, and we've been intensely focused on integrating and assimilating this transaction since we announced it in February. With respect to the external environment, conditions remain very fluid. During the third quarter, moderating expectations for domestic economic growth, volatility in the capital markets and the impacts of larger-than-expected CMS reimbursement reductions injected some caution into the markets and serve to reinforce the value of diversification, private-pay revenues and stable, growing cash flows, 3 important strategic themes in our acquisitions of NHP and Atria. However, as the capital markets began to stabilize and improve in September, we also saw an uptick in actionable senior housing in MOB investment opportunities, and our pipeline is pretty active heading into the fourth quarter. In fact, we have about 200 million of primarily MOB properties under contract and at various stages of diligence. In addition, subsequent to the quarter end, we closed 3 separate transactions, totaling $150 million at an average yield of 7 3/4%, and comprised of 2 seniors housing assets and 2 medical office buildings. With these transactions completed and under contract, our originations team will have acquired approximately $1 billion of asset-level deals in 2011.  Looking forward, we are well-positioned to find and win transactions with our regional origination capabilities, our numerous strategic relationships with operators and health systems and our strong balance sheet and competitive cost of capital. However, while we should have sufficient opportunities to deploy capital, we intend to continue to invest with discipline, focus on delivering reliable and growing cash flow to our investors, and grow our portfolio in a strategic and thoughtful manner. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. There were 3 major events in the quarter and one following quarters' end. First and foremost was that on July 1, we purchased Nationwide Health Properties Inc. by issuing 100 million shares and assuming debt of $2 billion. NHP's result are included in our consolidated statements of income for the entire third quarter. Second, also in July, we borrowed funds on our revolver to repay $339 million in NHP's maturing senior notes, and $200 million in Ventas' 6.5% senior notes due 2016. Third, in August, we received our litigation award of $102.8 million from HCP, and used the proceeds to pay down the revolver.  Now let me talk a little about third quarter results. Third quarter 2011 normalized FFO was $0.88 per share, per diluted share, an increase of 20.5% compared to the third quarter of 2010 per share results of $0.73. Normalized FFO increased 120% to $255 million compared to last year's third quarter of $115 million. Normalized FFO in the third quarter includes a full quarter of our second quarter Atria acquisition and a full quarter of our NHP acquisition. It excludes the net benefit totaling $9.2 million from net litigation proceeds and income tax benefit, partially offset by merger-related expenses and deal and integration costs, mark-to-market, adjustment for derivatives, loss on extinguishment of debt and amortization of other intangibles.  Third quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's third quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments: triple net, seniors housing operating and medical office, as well as income from loans and investments. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $211 million from $118 million last year, primarily due to NHP and also due to contractual escalations. Seniors housing operating NOI increased $48 million, in part from improved Sunrise operating results and principally due to the Atria acquisition.  The Sunrise-managed portfolio grew to $40 million this quarter from $39 million last year. Last year's results included a $2 million cash payment from Sunrise for expense overages. Third quarter medical office building NOI grew to $41.3 million from $18.3 million last year primarily due to NHP. Both periods include $1.3 million in unconsolidated joint venture earnings.  Income from loans and investments increased to $10 million this year from $4 million last year due to NHP's portfolio. On the expense side, consolidated interest expense increased to $74 million this year from $45.5 million last year, reflecting the assumed debt in the Atria and NHP acquisitions, as well as all the debt activity in the last year. Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $113.5 million to this quarter's $255 million. The principal reason for the increase is the NHP acquisition, effective July 1, and a full quarter's results for the Atria portfolio, which we acquired mid-second quarter. Interest expense increased by $20 million in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, primarily due to assumed debt of NHP and a full quarter of Atria. Even with that increase, our interest expense coverage is fantastic at over 4.5x. We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flow from operations.  At September 30, our cash balance was $57.5 million, and we have $474 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility and $250 million outstanding on our $800 million term loan. With our new revolver and assumed term loan, we currently have net liquidity of $1.8 billion. With our new revolver, our weighted average debt maturity is over 6 years. At September 30, our credit stats were net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA at 4.7x, our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x and debt-to-enterprise value, 31%.  Let me recap our third quarter dividend, which was divided into 2 installments on account of our NHP acquisition. On July 12, we paid a dividend to stockholders of record to the -- prior to the NHP acquisition of $0.1264 per share. On September 30, we paid a dividend of $0.4486 per share. The combined amounts totaled $0.575 per share, which is the same dividend we paid for the first and second quarter. Our FFO payout ratio is an excellent 65%. Fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter were 291 million shares, an increase of 84% over the third quarter of last year and 63% over the second quarter. Our fully diluted share count already covers all the shares we are likely to issue when our 3 7/8% convertible senior notes mature on November 15, 2011. We are increasing our 2011 normalized FFO per share guidance, and tightening the range of our guidance to $3.34 to $3.36 from $3.17 to $3.23. We expect our fourth quarter normalized FFO per share to range between $0.87 and $0.89.  This increase in annual guidance is the result of better operating results and the inclusion of about $0.12 of net non-cash earnings in the second half, primarily due to purchase accounting adjustments. Many of the non-cash components will burn off over time, so we are going to try to call them out separately in the future, so you can see movement in the cash portion of results. Because of the increase in our FFO and large change in our weighted share count, it is possible that the full-year computation of FFO per diluted share could be as much as $0.04 higher than the sum of the 4 reported quarters, that's why we have provided separate fourth quarter FFO guidance. Operator, let's take our shareholders' questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First up, we have Mr. Michael Bilerman with Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Question on the development, which you include now in the supplemental on Page 17, you have about 131 million of spend that's listed, the majority of which is the one asset for PMB and then Brookdale. And then Ray, I think, you talked about $200 million or $80 million of potential new MOB development that you're targeting, how should we think about development sort of spend and that portion on your business in terms of driving growth?
Raymond J. Lewis: Michael, I think we'll always do a modest level of development relative to our total portfolio size. And as you see on the schedule on Page 6 on our supplemental, it's a reasonable pipeline of development. We look at development as an opportunity for us to add new properties to our portfolio, enhance existing relationships and drive higher yields than the acquisition side, so put a little extra also in the portfolio. And this pipeline of opportunity should do that.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you expect it to grow, I guess, adding that $80 million that this probably could be a $250 million to $400 million pipeline over time?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I would say at the upper end, yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: And that's again, it's about less than 2% of our total balance sheet, even at $400 million.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thinking about just from a tenant and asset management perspective, one of the benefits of doing a lot of these transactions was diversifying your tenants and your top 5 tenants have gone from 86% of NOI down to 62% of NOI. But those under 1% jumped dramatically from under 4% of NOI to over 26%, so just a lot of smaller individual tenants that came out of the NHP portfolio. I guess, as you've taken those over, what are you sort of -- before, you used to have -- you had 5 people you called, and you got a pretty good sense of your portfolio and how the tenants were doing. Now, they have much bigger exercise, and I'm just curious from a management perspective, how you're dealing with that and then sort of what the health is of a lot of those smaller tenants that you have?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's a great question, and we're very happy that we further diversified our portfolio and have increased our tenant relationship 6x. I mean, that was one of the positives of the NHP transaction. As you correctly point out, there would be a different asset management style and perhaps, tenant [ph] control when you have multiple smaller relationships. And Ray and our Head of Asset Management, Tim Doman, who are here with us today, have been spending a lot of time basically dealing with organizational structure going forward. We've obviously retained the NHP asset management group, and that has the historical knowledge of the portfolio. And we would expect to have a larger asset management group as we go forward to manage that portfolio. But it's a real positive again that we have multiple tenant relationships. Those are areas for future growth, and they also minimize risk in the portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: I would just add one point to that, Michael and that is that before we acquired NHP, we had a highly scalable asset management system. And we've been able to get the NHP data uploaded into the Ventas asset management system, and that's enabled us to continue to have visibility and to all of our tenant operator relationships. So a lot of focus on that during the integration phase.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And this is my last question just in regards to the HCP Ventas lawsuit, Jay Flaherty has said both in August and on his recent call that the litigation has been expensive and distracting, and that they would prefer to settle the matter if reasonably possible. And I'm just curious, are you in settlement negotiations? Or has a settlement amount been proposed to you to resolve the matter? Or are you just progressing forth to the court case in February of next year?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, couple things. We did receive the $102.8 million compensatory award, as Rick pointed out in the third quarter. We -- the punitive damage trial has been set for the 21st of February, 2012 in the Louisville Federal Court. HCP has filed a petition for the Supreme Court to hear its case, and they filed that on October 25 of this year and we've obviously, opposed that petition. And finally, beyond that, I think, I just wouldn't comment other than to say that we have never been offered any amount to be paid for the HCP litigation from HCP.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just to start maybe, I guess, it's a Rick question, a little more color on sort of the noncash items, and you talked about them burning off, but any sense of what that tail looks like because it does move the numbers a lot?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it does. And this -- I think this is a really important aspect of our earnings, and we're really endeavoring to be excessively transparent, if you will, in the way that we have reported this quarter's earnings. And I do think that's a value that we have and something that we consider to be important. The -- let me give you some -- so again, just to repeat, our earnings, our normalized FFO earnings are $0.88 a share. That's fantastic, 20-plus percent year-over-year growth. What we've done is tried to call out that there's about $0.06 in there that is kind of non-cash GAAP required earnings. And then even if you took all of that out, which by the way, most companies have some non-cash earnings in their normalized FFO. So that's why, I mean, we're being, I think, excessively conservative and transparent in the way that we reported it. But the kinds of things those are will burn off at various times to the extent they relate to a lease theory. They'll extend over the whole lease term. The best example I can give you is really on the interest side, if we took over an NHP senior note, say, and say that senior note was a 10-year note at 7.5%, but it matures say, next year. We would have to book the interest expense at the 1 year rate of Ventas' borrowing rate. So that's a pickup in earnings. Now when we go to refinance that and we do a great job and say we get 4.5 or whatever, our cash results will be better, but the way GAAP books it, our GAAP results will be a little bit worse on that particular component. So it gets a little complicated. It depends on the various lines. But what we expect to see and the reason in part we're calling this out is that we would expect to see the cash portion going up and the noncash portion over -- tailing off over time, depending on what the various noncash items are. So hopefully, in an effort to be transparent, we haven't really confused you but...
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well you probably have, but it may just be me.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. GAAP is very confusing, I would say.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And it's not like one nice, neat item. It's basically spread in a bunch of different places.
Debra A. Cafaro: It is. Yes, it is. And it's really a function of doing a lot of acquisitions and what the purchase accounting rules are.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just sort of optically, I don't know if you have this or maybe you can do it when you do a fourth quarter guidance for next year. So optically, if we think about that $0.06 a quarter, obviously, it continues into 4Q.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Burn-off, if we think about it just through 2012, is there any material burn-offs through 2012? Or I should think that $0.06 just stays with me..
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we'll get -- that's a good suggestion to -- that we can provide more on when we report the fourth quarter. But for now, it's probably as good as anything else to carry that on.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just a couple of other things, if I could. Just view on the dividend, I mean, obviously, you've got this great earnings growth. I think you calculated with the noncash of 65% payout ratio, which is wonderful. Just -- I mean, how are you thinking about dividend, maybe as a ratio to FAD or FFO? Or should we be thinking of more growth on the dividend side?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we -- a couple of principles that we'll state and some past practice. We believe that dividend growth is an important part of delivering total shareholder return which, obviously, is the holy grail for us. We have about an 8% dividend CAGR on the Ventas dividend for the last 4, 5 years. We typically do look at the dividend in the first quarter of the year. And we will look at those FFO payout ratio and again, right now, that's about 65%, very, very strong, a well-covered dividend. And we'll look at it in relation to cash flow as well, but I think Ventas is -- again, this is a very important investment attribute of Ventas, which is the prospect of dividend growth -- history of in the prospect of future dividend growth.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so based on what you're saying, I'm assuming that in first quarter, we'll get a dividend increase and we may need to think about it more on a cash basis than with this noncash stuff?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's both. I mean, I think you look at FFO coverage and you look at the cash as well and you triangulate to a good outcome that in the past has been very positive for shareholders. So hopefully, we'll be able to continue that in the future.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. Last thing for me. Obviously, all the Medicare stuff, I don't necessarily want to hold rehash of lease coverage. But are there any items in your portfolio, property income portfolio either with the Kindred or with some of the smaller operators where you expect either lease terminations on maturity or renegotiations? Is there going to be any noise as we get into kind of fourth quarter, first quarter because of the Medicare rate stuff?
Raymond J. Lewis: So Jerry, as I said in my remarks, I mean, even with a 13% cut in Medicare reimbursement and the 25% mitigation, we'd be at 1.7x across the portfolio. That's consistent between our Kindred and NHP assets generally. So we've got a large diversified portfolio with a number of operators in it. There is nothing material that we would anticipate in the fourth or the first quarter that would arise as a result of the announced cuts in reimbursement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: As you're evaluating your acquisition pipeline, I was curious how you think about balancing the triple-net exposure versus MOBs and then the senior housing operating?
Debra A. Cafaro: When we look at our portfolio, right now, we -- the combination of the NHP and Atria transactions did a number of things for us. It decreased our triple-net-lease exposure to currently 61% on an NOI basis. And it increased our seniors housing operating assets to about 25% of the total portfolio. And I think because we're in a very good part of the cycle on seniors housing with low construction and growing demand, I would guess that, that part of our portfolio is generally going to be in the 25% to 33% range over time. I would again emphasize though that it's not so much the percentage that we care about, it's the kind of assets operators and markets that we're having in that operating portfolio because we really have with Atria and Sunrise, as you know, the best market, best physical plans and the best operators in that operating portfolio. And as a result, and you can see this from some of the trends, that we believe that has more upside and a more protected downside. And so when you have operating assets, that's really how we think about it. But again, we would expect that to be between sort of 25 and 1/3. And then on the triple-net lease side, again, with the NHP and Atria transaction, that part of our business is 61% now, down from 68% previously. The triple-net leases gives us a good year-over-year kind of growth rate in good times and in bad, and we would expect that to continue to be a significant portion of our portfolio. Maybe it will shrink a little bit over time, but it is an important part of our business, and will continue to be so going forward.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then are you comfortable underwriting skilled nursing acquisitions at this time? Or is that an asset class you'll probably stay away from in the near term?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, we -- having been here for 12 years, I think we really understand the skilled nursing business. I would say that it -- there are some positives about the skilled nursing business. It's a low-cost provider, which is an important part of the long-term sort of healthcare delivery systems to seniors. And we think in the right time in the cycle at the right price and the right structure that it's a valid part of someone's portfolio. I think I'll defer to Ray in terms of what you could expect from us going forward.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I would just echo what Debbie's saying. We think it's an important part of the healthcare continuum. It is a low-cost provider. It is going to be, going forward, an important part of the healthcare system. So we will continue to have an interest in owning skilled nursing buildings. That all having been said, there's not a lot of activity in the marketplace right now. I think people are very internally focused on making sure that they mitigate the -- that they focus their efforts on mitigating the cuts, that they are working on their operations rather than thinking about monetizing their portfolio in a relatively less certain environment. So I do think we're going to see a lot near term. That being said, as this plays out, there may actually be some good buying opportunities, and we're going to keep our eyes peeled for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Could we talk about the rent reset from Kindred and when -- I think it's 2013 that things start to expire, is that correct, re-expire?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, you're right. There's a portion of the Kindred portfolio that's up for renewal in May of 2013, and some of that has a reset rate in it in Ventas' favor.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So where would you say -- you said in Ventas' favor, where would you say rents are in light of CMS and everything else where rents are relative to market today?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, so the assets that are up for renewal with Kindred in 2013, it's about 9% of our total NOI and it's currently covering EBITDARM about 2.1x, so very, very strong coverage. So with sort of you can call it a 15% reduction on the Medicare side and maybe 1/3 of mitigation or something like that gets you back to about a 10% impact. It's still covering quite well. There's about 40% hospitals in there, which have received an increase in Medicare reimbursement recently, and about 60% skilled nursing. So net-net, I'd say about market rents for that portfolio, it's a profitable group of assets even after changes -- known changes in reimbursement.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Just getting back to the non-cash element to your FFO, was there any thought to not having that normalized FFO, so that we weren't having this conversation or a portion of it?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the answer is no. I mean, the answer is no because this is really -- I mean, it is really normal FFO. And as I said, most companies have a significant amount of kind of non-cash items. If you look at their cash flow statements in their regular FFO and we do too. It just happens that because of the volume of the acquisition activity, we happen to have a bunch. And so we tried to call it out for you. Again, I know the REIT analysts are always trying to make a better FFO or make a better FAD or what have you, but I really like the income -- or the cash flow statement because that's a GAAP statement, and you can look at it. It's apples-to-apples pretty much for everyone, and so it is normal FFO. It's just we're trying to make it, again, conservative and very transparent for you.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: When you underwent that purchase accounting change as you described it, did this noncash income, I know there's several kind of parts of it, but did it come from someplace else? In other words, it was maybe viewed as cash, and now it's non-cash or something like that?
Debra A. Cafaro: No. And in fact, that's why our guidance is going up and it's going up more than the noncash items because the -- we typically underwrite on a cash basis, obviously, because that's what we care about. And so that comes -- the cash part is coming in, better than we expected, and then the non-cash part is an add-on on top of that, if you will, so we...
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That's fine. And then last question is the element of your increase that was kind of the outperformance as I think, Rick described it. You had in line, Sunrise in line, Atria, where did it come from? Was it from the NHP portfolio? Or is it kind of all over the place?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's all over the place, a little bit from NHP, a little bit from better cash interest expense, et cetera, better capital cost, lower deal cost, that sort of thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karin Ford of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sorry to beat a dead horse on the non-cash, but when –- you said you underwrite to -- on a cash basis. When you quoted your pricing on NHP back at the time of the acquisition, I think it was like an 18 times FFO multiple, that does not include – that was a cash basis, right? That does not include this noncash income?
Debra A. Cafaro: Essentially, yes.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is there a breakout of how much of the $0.06 is specifically, NHP purchase accounting related, or is that all of it?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's everything, it's -- yes.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a question on the senior, the operating senior housing on Page 13, it looks like the Sunrise portfolio saw same-store expenses grow on a year-over-year basis, and sequentially such that margins came down despite the occupancy increase. Can you just talk about what types of expense pressures you're seeing in the portfolio?
Raymond J. Lewis: Right, so I think year-over-year, if you adjust for the $2 million cash payment and equalize the management fees, the margins were actually spot on at 33.8%. Sequentially, they were down 40 basis points, and that relates mostly to utilities and a little bit of hurricane expense in there.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then final question, I guess there was a recent 20% cut in Medicaid payments in the State of California. I know you guys don't have a -- you have some properties there, some [indiscernible], some hospitals, do you expect it to have a significant impact on your portfolio on your coverage in anyway?
Debra A. Cafaro: We've got 9 nursing homes in California, and there really wasn't a Medicaid cut. Let me just clarify what happened, and that is there was a 10% deferral of Medical payments. So it's a deferral. It's not a reduction in the rate and it's 10%, so we feel fine about it. We have 9 nursing homes there, and the hospitals really aren't Medical. It's not a material portion of the hospital business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Milam with Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Sorry to do this as well. The $0.06, none of that...
Debra A. Cafaro: Let's talk about the -- $0.82 to $88.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Hopefully, this is quick, but that doesn't include any straight-line rent?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it does. It's the -- it's basically the non-cash earnings. It's the sum of all of them.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, so sum of that is in there. Okay, great. The next one just on the same-store MOBs, I know that, that portfolio is going to shift the mix over time, but just looking at the same-store NOI, it's been declining for a few quarters now. Can you just talk about the leasing environment and what the rental rates are in that? And when you expect that to move the other direction?
Raymond J. Lewis: Actually, James, the cash NOI and the same-store MOBs was up slightly year-over-year, and as I mentioned in my remarks. And I think when you look at the trends, the leasing activity is actually pretty good. I mean, our portfolio at 93.5% occupied is certainly above industry averages. We're seeing a great retention rate at 84%, and we're starting to see leasing activity pickup, I think, in our portfolio. So, we think the portfolio is performing pretty well.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. I'm just looking, it looks like it's 12 and 12.3 year-over-year of NOI, but...
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, same-store NOI cash is up 2.6% kind of year-over-year, and that's what...
Raymond J. Lewis: On the total portfolio, including our consolidated and unconsolidated, so you're looking at just the consolidated there, and that also is a different pool of non-stabilized assets in one period to the next. So it's not easy to divine from that -- the growth.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'm glad you said that, because that's obviously why I'm asking the question, so that makes me feel better. Can you guys just – on the line of credit, it sounds like there's about $450 million outstanding now, is that right?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have about $750 million outstanding -- we have $1.8 billion of available liquidity. We have about $750 million outstanding on the line, and we have the term loan as well that has $550 million of availability.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the debt, the interest rate on the acquisitions, the debt that you assumed, was that around 6% or so or...
Debra A. Cafaro: The $37.7 million on the $150 million of acquisition?
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's in the 6%.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just the last one on the integration cost and expense G&A savings, of the $15 million that you expect to receive or to earn, how much of that have you guys already cut out of the G&A line?
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we're -- a lot of it, but we'll continue to try to make efforts to bring the benefits out of the NHP transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino with Barclays Capital.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the development opportunities for the MOBs. With the Lillibridge under your belt for a year, and the $1 billion of the PMB development pipeline, can you kind of tell us, what the hurdles are to ramping that up, given the extra yield that you do get from development?
Raymond J. Lewis: There really aren't any hurdles internally to ramping that up. It's really the market activity, which has been accelerating, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. I mean, Lillibridge has its development capabilities and PMB has internal development capabilities, which are scalable from their current level. So we feel pretty good that we're going to be well-positioned to field the opportunities as they accelerate.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So just a function of more of a pull business and seeing the opportunities in the market accelerate is what you'll see -- is what will get you to up your development?
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, and we've been seeing an increase in the number of RFPs that are coming across our desk, I mean, request for proposals, that have been coming across our desk. And so if that trend continues, hopefully, we'll see continued growth in our development pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Theiler with Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: You've talked about the 25% mitigation number for Medicare reimbursements a couple of times now. And I was just curious about how you came up with that number. What kind of confidence you have in that estimate, and whether you think that would be different for the Kindred portfolio versus some of the legacy NHP assets?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, it's a very high-level analysis. I think that you can see from the public operators what their comments are. I think many of them have stated they expect 50, 5-0 percent, mitigation. But we're taking, I think, a measured approach in terms of what we think the operators can do in overhead costs and technology improvements, for example. What I think about the difference between the public operators – and I won't speak for anyone of them, they speak for themselves, versus though the smaller local and regional operators is that the negative impacts on the larger national operators of the cuts will be on the higher end because they have therapy businesses. They were really getting the benefit of the full RUG-IV improvement, and so the impact on them will be greater, and they'll have a greater mitigation sort of necessity, if you will. On the local and regional operators, it's a bit of a different story. They did not get as much of a benefit from the Medicare RUG-IV. They don't, by and large, have the therapy  businesses. So the reduction in rate to them will be at the lower end, and they'll have less mitigation effectively to do. So it's a little bit of a different story for both of those kinds of portfolios. It's again, depending on your business model, your quality mix, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Fuller with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Its Ross Nussbaum here with Derek. First question, do you have any acquisitions in your fourth quarter guidance?
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Second question and I'm going to continue to beat the dead horse, could I make a huge suggestion? Could you guys post a schedule to your website that breaks out that non-cash $0.06 adjustment in terms of what was -- what's in there from a gross basis on a gross-dollar basis as well as a per-share basis? Because I think...
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, it's in the cash flow statement, and that's already posted. There's only one wrinkle, so I mean, I can just tell you right now, it's 4 lines and then 900,000 on another line, but we'll -- yes, we'll be happy to point you there or post some things...
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's where I wanted to go because I've spent a lot of the time on the call sort of trying to go through those numbers, and I'm coming up with $5.5 million of straight line rent, $10 million of FAS 141, $9.5 million of debt amo. So I think that's part of the issue is everybody is sort of struggling to get those numbers from the cash flow statement to understand exactly what they are?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. So just everyone, just so you don't struggle, it's amortization of deferred revenue and lease intangibles, other noncash amortization, stock-based comp, straight lining of rental income net, and then 900,000 of below-market ground lease, which is in the other line, so -- and that line is 1315. So, again, it's intended to be transparent. It's right there on the GAAP statement other than the ground rent and…
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And the change in value of financial instruments? Is that one of the adjustments?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's not because that's not in normalized FFO.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay because I think the other struggle that some of us are having here is your definition of normalized FFO is perhaps gone one step beyond what other REITs typically do with the exclusion of some of these items. So I think that's part of a struggle as well. I'm trying to understand how you're defining it versus how we typically define it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think, for example, we've excluded some normalized FFO, the proceeds of the litigation award et cetera, again, because we've had $11 billion in transactions, we've excluded deal costs, et cetera. So I can understand that we need to spend some more time walking everyone through it. But again, the purpose of just putting everything in a bucket there for you was to make it easier and I can see that we need to do -- we need to spend some more time with people just to further clarify. I think the bottom line again is $0.88 versus $0.73 is fantastic. Many companies would have all of that in their normalized FFO. Take it all out, if you like, it's $0.82. It's over 12% growth, and we're extremely happy with our performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Couple of quick questions. The same-store numbers for the Atria and Sunrise portfolio, Page 13 of the supplemental, I'm just trying to figure out same-store NOI growth, that actually occurred in each of these portfolios on a year-over-year basis, if you could help me with that?
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, well, since we didn't own the Atria portfolio last year, obviously, we don't include it in our same-store. And so that's why you can't see it on Page 11, but or on 13. I would say that Ray talked about Atria, as we have from the beginning, being in high single digits year-over-year NOI growth and right in line with our expectations, and then you have Sunrise there.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If I just look at the Sunrise piece, I'd back out the 2 million from 3Q '10. Am I really looking at the 7.5% type growth?
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, there's a -- you have to normalize the management fee, which will go in the other direction and it's really more like 5.6%.
Debra A. Cafaro: Is that helpful?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. That's helpful. And then, second question, the Page 5 of the disclosures and the lease rollovers, I understand the situation. Just kind of looking at 2013, where you have a decent amount of rollover, we've talked a little bit about the Kindred piece, could you talk a little bit about the hospital piece and what's going on there?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's what I referred to when we talked about the 2013 Kindred rents, which in total, is about 9% of our NOI. And of that, about 40% is the hospitals and 60% is the nursing homes, so that's -- okay?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then going -- I'm not going to go into the whole normalized FFO. That's definitely an offline conversation. But on the MOB side, just going back to Mr. Milam's question of what is trends there in regards to just mark-to-market? Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in regards -- it sounds like many of your other peers, they're starting to see mark-to-market trends slowdown somewhat, and I'm just kind of curious what you're seeing, and if you're kind of seeing anything in any particular regions and kind of across the portfolio as a general trend in regards to lease rates.
Todd W. Lillibridge: Yes, this is Todd. I think, overall, it varies, as you said, market by market. We're seeing in our secondary and tertiary markets, we're able to push rents. Those are markets that anywhere from St. Louis to Indianapolis, Austin, Columbus, Ohio. In the primary markets such as Chicago, Atlanta, we have difficulty in terms of pushing rents. The rest of the market, we find stability. As Ray had mentioned, we are seeing some very strong leasing activity again being driven by, not only the industry consolidation, but the employment of physicians. And we're the recipient, obviously, of the continued trend towards out-patient. So from that standpoint, leasing activity continues to build the momentum up. Keep in mind, the employment rage, we're just starting to see that as a result of a lot of activity in 2010. So we're optimistic about the activity, and we think that, again, translates into increased occupancy, but it is market to market, and I think we're going to continue to see that over time as with varied supply.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up, and it comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So the one thing I want to do is to ask as a follow-up was on the Atria properties, you had these ones that were owned by NHP that I think you're going to move into the RIDEA structure, if I remember. And I was just curious about sort of that process and timing, because it may move the numbers a little bit.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean this is another fun one for you, so buckle your seatbelt. So essentially, the way this worked is those assets went on our balance sheet and were owned and were managed and owned by us on our balance sheet and managed by Atria when we acquired Atria. When we merged with NHP, we eliminated a liability of a couple of hundred million dollars. So it was already on our balance sheet as an owned item. Atria was managing it, and everything sort of got collapsed when we then closed NHP. So it's very straightforward now, but there were various steps along the way.
Operator: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the question-and-answer portion for today's event. I'd now like to turn it back over to Ms. Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. Well, I want to -- on behalf of all of my colleagues, I want to thank you again for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in the company and your support of the company. We'll be happy to spend some more time with you on any of the detailed results, but we're again very pleased with where we are, and we look forward to seeing everyone at NAREIT and take care. Thank you. Have a good weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith - Head of Investor Relations Raymond Lewis - President Debra Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Investment Committee and Member of Executive Committee Richard Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President T. Riney - Chief Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Philip J. Martin Thomas Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc. Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Suzanne Kim - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Thank you for your patience, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Ventas Inc. Earnings Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Manager, Investor Relations and Capital Markets, Mr. David Smith. Sir, you may proceed.
David Smith: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas' conference call to review the company's announcement today, regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions, and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligations to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in expectations.  Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplementary disclosed schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com.  I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, our Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to this morning's call. Today's call is to report on our results and activities for the quarter ended June 30, but we'll also discuss the impact of our NHP acquisition, which closed July 1, as you know.  Ventas has been in an intense period of growth and portfolio construction to create a strong and balanced enterprise. With the recent closing of our Atria and NHP acquisitions, we're now a highly diversified enterprise with scale and over 1,300 healthcare and senior housing assets. We derived almost 70% of our projected annualized NOI from private pay sources, we own or manage a coast-to-coast $14 million square foot medical office building business and we enjoy a combination of high-quality tenant operators, asset mix, operating models and geographic reach.  Our aim with all these activities is to deliver consistent superior risk-adjusted returns to stakeholders. At this point in the year, we are at or slightly ahead of where we expected to be. We believe that consistent superior risk-adjusted return, followed from owning a balanced and diversified portfolio of high-quality senior housing and healthcare assets weighted heavily towards private pay revenue sources, a meaningful exposure to senior housing operating assets located in major metropolitan markets designed to provide lift in a growing economy and limited downside in a slower one, well-covered triple-net leases that should deliver reliable cash flow growth from contractual escalations year-in and year-out and outstanding balance sheet with improving ratings, low debt cost and excellent access to a variety of debt markets, scale to absorb large acquisitions and attract global investment capital, relationships with customers and an investment team that can grow earnings and assets, across this array of sizes, asset types and structures, a cohesive leadership team with continuity and a conservative well-covered dividend with opportunity for future increases.  At the same time, we recognize the imperative of delivering positive near-term results and as such, we're pleased to announced 13% normalized FFO per share growth to $0.80 a share in the second quarter and to increase our full-year guidance to a range of $3.17 to $3.23 per fully diluted share. If achieved, these results would represent double-digit year-over-year growth.  As all of you know, we continue, consistent with our history, to be focused on managing risk in our balance sheet as we grow. We believe the winning combination for shareholders is coupling earnings growth with reduced risk through continued diversification, financial strength and flexibility.  Since the closing of the NHP acquisition, we have obtained 2 ratings upgrades, to high to middle BBB and the endorsement from the bond market of our strategy. Continuing to lower our cost of debt and increase our assets to multiple capital markets is a significant predicate for success in our business.  Today, I'd like to describe what Ventas looks like now and our prospects for the future, my colleagues Ray Lewis, will discuss our portfolio performance and investment outlook; Rich Schweinhart will provide a detailed review of our quarterly financial results and Rick Riney will update you on the pending HCP litigation. Following our remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. So here are some of the highlights of how we see the Ventas business now pro forma for NHP, and our views of macro-trends. As a result of our deliberate strategy, we now derive almost 70% of our NOI from private pay sources. Our private pay business includes 117 high-quality private pay seniors housing assets managed by Atria we acquired in May, as well as our 79 Sunrise managed assets. This private pay component has increased from about 55% only 2 years ago.  We are a highly diversified healthcare REIT by tenant manager, asset class, operating model and geography. Our portfolio consists of over 1,300 properties across 47 states and 2 Canadian provinces. Our largest tenant, Kindred Healthcare, which now represents only 19% of our net operating income, is the largest, most diversified provider of post acute-care in the United States, with a business model that includes long-term acute care hospitals, in-patient rehab hospitals and skilled nursing facilities.  We have also worked to intentionally diversify our business by operating segments. We derived about 1/4 of our NOI from our high-quality private pay seniors housing assets located in major metropolitan areas managed by Sunrise and Atria. These assets, best quality, best market and great managers are in a management structure rather than a lease because they should provide lift in a growing economy. We also derive strength from a stable and reliable triple net lease portfolio that represents approximately 62% of our NOI and also includes private pay seniors housing and should provide consistent contractual cash flow growth. Through our investment strategy, we have significantly reduced the portion of our business derived from skilled nursing assets to about 1/4 of our NOI.  Medical Office Buildings round out the diversification picture with 11% of our NOI coming from Medical Office Buildings, 90% of which are on the campus of well-regarded hospitals and health systems around the country. As the largest owner of seniors housing in the United States, we do business with the leaders of the industry including, Sunrise Senior Living, the only globally recognized brand in seniors housing; Atria, the fourth largest assisted-living operator in the U.S; and Brookdale, the largest provider of senior care in the country.  The senior living business continues to be characterized by constrained supply, with construction starts declining sequentially to 1.1% of inventory, and demand from the over 85 demographic that is growing at 3x the rate of the total population. We believe this positive supply-demand fundamentals in senior housing will provide benefits to Ventas.  As one of the largest publicly traded REITs, our enterprise should generate over $1.3 billion of annualized NOI. Our feel for diversification private pay focus and strong balance sheet have resulted in 2 credit upgrades. Specifically in July, Fitch upgraded Ventas to BBB+ and Moody's upgraded us to Baa2. Bondholders also understand that we are reducing risk as we grow and rewarded our activities in May, when we closed a successful $700 million 10-year unsecured bond yield priced at 165 over treasury. We intend to continue along this path of moving up the credit curve and driving down our debt cost.  Our pro forma credit profile remains outstanding with net debt to EBITDA at approximately 5x and fixed charge coverage exceeding 3x, both pro forma for NHP. With our recent acquisitions, we have increased our customer relationships by 6x, and we believe that those customers will be a continuing source of investment activity going forward.  Our new relationship with Atria, provides another source of potential growth. Ventas' large deal capabilities and track record, its relationships with tenants and operators and the addition of NHP's regional investment platform all should position Ventas to capitalize on any opportunity in the $1 trillion healthcare and senior housing real estate market.  Regarding skilled nursing assets and recent changes to Medicare reimbursement. After being involved in the healthcare real estate industry for over 12 years, there are few things that I can say with certainty. First, skilled nursing facilities represent an integral component of our nation's healthcare delivery system, particularly for the elderly. Skilled nursing also tends to be a low cost provider of care, which will be a benefit to the asset class over the long term. And finally, reimbursement goes in cycles and changes every single year. As a result, we have taken a consistent, and I believe realistic view, of skilled nursing investments over the years. That is, at the right time, right price with the right operator and right structure, these assets can provide very good risk-adjusted return to real estate investors and should be a part of a diversified healthy real estate portfolio. But there are periods of volatility for the operators that occur apathetically, such as the one we saw on Friday and Monday. Remember that as a landlord, we are in a super senior secured position in tenants capital structure. Our earnings are not affected by changes in Medicare reimbursement, and we have well-covered skilled nursing assets, primarily in highly structured master leases.  As reimbursement changes year-to-year, and particularly when large changes are adopted, it generally takes time for the full effect of the new rules and rates to become clear. The key point is that Ventas is in a very sound position with this portfolio with both increased diversification of our tenant base and well-covered leases.  In conclusion, we have built a business that is designed to prosper in any economic reimbursement and capital markets environment. We have enunciated and executed a differentiated strategy that was designed to make the company more private pay, more diverse, larger and stronger. So we should do well starting with internal growth from our diversified portfolio of productive healthcare and senior housing assets, external growth from investments, opportunities to refinance our debt at lower rates and the prospect of a growing well-covered dividend. Our job is to execute this business plan and realize on the benefits of our platform with the same focus and commitment to stakeholders we have demonstrated in the past. Ray?
Raymond Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. As Debbie mentioned, with the closing of Atria in the second quarter and now NHP at the beginning of the third quarter, Ventas' portfolio is diversified across 1,300 high-quality healthcare seniors housing assets in 47 states and 2 Canadian provinces.  With nearly 70% of our NOI coming from private pay assets, the majority of our income coming from long-term triple-net leases with contractual escalations and the growth that comes from our seniors housing operating portfolio, Ventas is well positioned to provide reliable and growing cash flows to our investors.  During the second quarter 2011, our same-store portfolio of 499 properties delivered another strong quarter of internal growth with NOI increasing 2.6% over 2010. Adjusting for $3 million of cash payments received from Sunrise in the 2010 comparison period, our cash NOI growth would rise to 4.5% year-over-year. So our portfolio continues to deliver strong cash flow growth.  Today, I'd like to share some of the second quarter portfolio performance highlights and finish with a few comments on acquisitions and the external environment. Let's start with our triple-net lease portfolio, which is diversified across the seniors housing and post-acute asset classes and accounted for 53% of Ventas' NOI during the second quarter of 2011. This percentage increases to approximately 62% with the closing of NHP.  Cash NOI to Ventas in the second quarter on the 393 same-store triple-net lease portfolio grew 2.7% over the prior year, benefiting from our annual rent escalations. This performance is consistent with our guidance at the beginning of the year, which projected triple-net same-store cash NOI growth in excess of 2.5%.  Coverage has remained strong and stable across the whole triple-net portfolio with EBITDARM covering rent at approximately 1.7x in the first quarter of 2011, the latest date available. Notably, our seniors housing triple-net portfolio coverage was strong and stable during the first quarter at 1.3x. And coverage increased 10 basis points sequentially in each of our skilled nursing and hospital triple-net portfolio to 1.9x and 2.3x, respectively.  As you know, most of our skilled nursing and hospital assets are leased to Kindred Healthcare, the largest post-acute provider in the U.S, with over $6 billion in annual revenues and equity market capitalization of over $500 million and strong corporate credit.  On July 29, the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services are now on its final ruling on reimbursements for skilled nursing providers in the 2012 fiscal year, which take effect beginning in October of 2011. These new rates result in a reduction of Medicare reimbursement for skilled nursing of 11.1% on average. On a positive note, on August 1, CMS released its final rule for 2012 long-term acute-care hospital reimbursement. Under this new rule, LTAC reimbursement is projected to increase 2.5% beginning in October of this year, a significant improvement over the 1.9% increase that CMS recommended in May.  Each of our 4 pooled multi-facility master leases with Kindred, contain both skilled nursing and LTACs, approximately 37% of Ventas' current Kindred rent is attributed to the LTACs.  It's important to note that when estimating the potential impact of the new Medicare reimbursements, it's necessary to isolate your analysis to the period after October of 2010, when RUG-IV was implemented. After giving effect to the new rates and not considering any mitigation or other impacts, we estimate the EBITDARM coverage on Ventas' entire Kindred post-acute portfolio would be reduced by approximately 20 basis points to a still very healthy 1.9x during the period that RUG-IV was in effect. This demonstrates the power of our pooled multi-facility master leases with Kindred, which are structured to withstand the ebbs and flows of reimbursements over time. So as you can see, Ventas' well-seasoned Kindred leases provide ample coverage and remain very secure.  Subsequent to the closing of NHP, Ventas announced that it has leased 32 assets formerly operated by Hearthstone Senior Living to Senior Care. Senior Care, which is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky has been a tenant of Ventas since 2006, and is a top 20 operator of seniors housing with a national footprint and an excellent operating track record. Since 2006, Senior Care has simultaneously increased occupancy into Ventas assisted-living portfolio by 1,200 basis points, an average monthly rate by 32%, in spite of one of the worst economic environments in U.S. history. Under the new 15-year lease, Senior Care will pay $28.5 million of rent in the first lease year rising to $30 million in the second lease year, which is consistent with our underwritten expectations when we acquired NHP.  So the triple-net lease portfolio continues to perform well and provide a stable and growing cash flow base to our portfolio. And with NHP, the majority of our leased properties are structured in pooled multi-facility master leases with credit support and have a weighted average remaining lease term of nearly 7 years. So we expect to be able to continue to deliver reliable and growing cash flows from this portfolio, as we have in the past.  Now let's turn to our private pay seniors housing operating portfolio, which included 196 assets at quarter's end. During the second quarter, we completed the Atria acquisition, which added 117 high-quality seniors housing communities, located primarily in affluent, high barrier-to-entry coastal markets to our existing portfolio of 79 assisted-living mansion communities managed by Sunrise.  Our seniors housing operating assets accounted for 39% of our annualized NOI for the second quarter, and are expected to be about 25% of our annualized NOI going forward, with the closing of NHP in July.  Starting with the Sunrise portfolio. Our 79 high-quality mansion-style properties turned in another solid quarter, generating $39.5 million of NOI, the second highest quarterly figure since we acquired the portfolio in 2007. This represents year-over-year growth of 5.3%, after adjusting for $3 million of cash payments received in the second quarter of 2010 and equalizing the management fees during the comparison period. In addition, average occupancy for the entire portfolio during the second quarter was 89.4% and spot occupancy for the entire portfolio as of the end of July was 90%.  Sequential performance of the Sunrise assets was also quite strong, as NOI increased 8.8% and margin was up 220 basis points from the first quarter of this year. Performance was driven by a combination of a 1.2% increase in average daily rate and lower expenses.  For the 78 properties in our same-store stabilized portfolio during the second quarter, occupancy was up 80 basis points, average daily rate was up 4.3% and NOI, including the previously mentioned adjustments for cash payments in management fees was up 4.7% year-over-year. So our Sunrise portfolio continues to perform well as we move into the third quarter, and we are reaffirming our full-year guidance of $152 million to $157 million.  Now let's turn to the Atria portfolio, which we closed on May 12. Looking at June, our first full month of operation, average occupancy in the total portfolio, including the 7 redevelopment properties was 86.8% and trending positively through July. Total portfolio NOI for June was $16.1 million. Occupancy in the 110 property stabilized portfolio was 87% and NOI was $15.3 million. The 7 properties in our redevelopment portfolio continue to lease up nicely, and we're at 83.4% in the month of June. NOI for June in the redevelopment portfolio was about $800,000.  One of the key value drivers in the Atria portfolio is the pipeline of opportunities to refurbish and reprogram older buildings in high barrier-to-entry, high-end continental locations. As I mentioned, trends on the 7 redevelopment assets that are currently in lease of are quite positive with strong leasing momentum and NOI growth. For example, our high-end independent and assisted-living redevelopment on West 86th street in New York reached 93% occupancy in June. Also, Atria of Hudson, our 122 unit green assisted living building in Westchester County, which opened in April achieved 50% spot occupancy in July.  So performance in our Atria portfolio is tracking our expectations and now that the transaction is closed, we are reaffirming our guidance for the second half of the year at $93 million to $98 million, consistent with the full-year range that we provided in March.  Now I'd like to touch on our Medical Office Building portfolio. Ventas own portfolio of Medical Office Building, included 127 properties standing $7.6 million square feet and accounted for 7% of our NOI during the second quarter. Approximately 90% of our MOBs are on campus and affiliated with investment grade health systems.  Our 63 property consolidated MOB portfolio turned in another consistent quarter of performance. Occupancy was at 93.4%, was down 80 basis points and NOI at $13.5 million was even on a sequential basis. The 6 properties in our consolidated nonstabilized portfolio told a similar story in the second quarter. Occupancy at 74.7% was up 50 basis points and there's continued positive leasing momentum heading into the third quarter. NOI at $2.0 million was level sequentially.  With the closing of NHP, we now have ownership in over 230 MOBs and manage approximately 14 million square feet accounting for 10% of our portfolio NOI. This makes Ventas the largest fully integrated medical office owner, manager and developer in the country. And with the strategic relationship with specific medical building and the $1 billion proprietary development pipeline that comes with it, we have a coast-to-coast footprint and deep relationships with over 50 investor-owned and not for profit health systems. So MOB has continued to be an important and growing part of our business.  Before turning the call over to Rich Schweinhart, I'd like to briefly discuss the acquisitions environment. With the closing of NHP at the beginning of July, Ventas has closed approximately $11 billion of acquisitions in the first half of 2011. And while we are laser-focused on a smooth integration of this important transactions, we also remain active on the acquisitions front.  Our pipeline remains active across the asset classes we invest in, particularly in seniors housing and medical office. We are seeing particularly strong deal flow in the small and midsized transaction, which plays well into our regional acquisitions capability that we acquired as part of the NHP transaction. Year-to-date, the NHP originations platform has closed over $600 million of transactions and yield an excess of 8%. Importantly, these transactions were mostly with local and regional operators that represent new relationships for Ventas.  As we have said in the past the combination of Ventas' large transaction capability and NHP's regional origination network enable Ventas to compete on both large and small transactions, and deliver consistent and accretive transaction volume for our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart, who will provide you with an overview of the second quarter financial. Rick?
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. Major events for the quarter were on May 12, we purchased Atria Senior Living, by paying 25 million shares and assumed net debt of $1.6 billion. We also borrowed funds on our revolver to pay the remaining $150 million of the purchase price. Atria's results are included in our consolidated statements of income for the period from May 12 to June 30.  On May 17, the company issued $700 million of 4.75% senior notes due June 1, 2021. That same day, $600 million of the proceeds was loaned to Nationwide Health at 5%. On July 1, with the acquisition of NHP, the loan and the associated interest income terminated. In April, we received proceeds from repayment of one of our mortgage loans receivable totaling $112.4 million. We recognized income of $3.3 million on debt repayment and the income from loans and investment plan. Net income was scheduled to be recognized over the remainder of 2011, and was in our 2011 guidance.  Second quarter 2011 normalized FFO was $0.80 per diluted share, an increase of 13% compared to the second quarter of 2010, per share results of $0.71. Normalized FFO increased 26.5% to $142 million compared to last year's second quarter of $112 million. Normalized FFO in the second quarter excludes $41 million, composed primarily of margin related expenses and deal cost, partially offset by a $6 million income tax benefit and $9 million change in fair value of interest rate swaps.  Second quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's second quarter due to NOI increases in all 3 of our segments: triple-net, seniors housing, operating and medical office, as well as income from loans and investments. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $120.1 million from $117.4 million last year, primarily due to contractual escalations. Seniors housing operating NOI increased $26.9 million, $26.2 million due to the Atria acquisition, and the balance due to our Sunrise managed portfolio. The Sunrise managed portfolio grew to $39.5 million this quarter from $38.8 million last year. Due to the Lillibridge acquisition on July 1 of 2010, second quarter medical office property group NOI grew to $18.7 million, including $1.4 million in unconsolidated joint ventures from $8 million last year.  Looking at sequential results, normalized FFO increased $21 million to this quarter's $141.5 million from the first quarter's $121 million. The principal reason for the increase is the Atria acquisition, whose partial quarter NOI for May 12 to June 30 totaled $26.2 million. There was sequential improvement in the triple-net segment of $1.5 million and Sunrise managed portfolio of $3.2 million and an income from loans and investments of $2.3 million. Medical office NOI in the second quarter of 2011 of $18.7 million was up slightly compared to first quarter of $18.4 million.  Interest expense increased by $11.2 million from the second quarter compared to the first quarter, primarily due to the Atria-related assumed mortgages, borrowings for that acquisition and our newly issued senior notes.  We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. At June 30, our cash balance was $26.7 million, and we had $139.5 million outstanding on our $1 billion revolving credit facility, for a net liquidity exceeding $875 million. Our credit stands at June 30, were net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA at 5.6x, our fixed charge coverage ratio at 3x, and debt-to-enterprise value 34%. More importantly, because of the large equity component of the NHP acquisition on July 1, net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA is anticipated to be approximately 5x, Our fixed charge coverage ratio better than 3x and our debt to enterprise value approximately 29%.  Because of this credit improvement in July, Fitch Ratings upgraded Ventas to BBB+ stable, Moody's has upgraded Ventas to Baa2 stable and S&P affirmed Ventas at BBB- with a positive outlook.  Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at 178 million shares increased 13% over the second quarter of last year and 10% over the 162 million in the first quarter. At June 30, shares outstanding were 188 million.  Let me also mention several events that occurred after quarter end. In June, we called $200 million of our 6.5% senior notes due June 1, 2016. The transaction closed in July. Also in June, we declared a pro rata dividend in connection with the NHP acquisition, totaling $23.8 million. These financial statements include the accrual of that dividend, the payment was made in July. On July 1, we acquired Nationwide Health Properties, which will be included in our third quarter financial statements. Also in July, we repaid NHP's 6.5% senior notes due July 15, 2011, in the amount of $339 million.  We are increasing our 2011 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $3.17 to $3.23 from $3.06 to $3.14. This increase reflects affirming our Sunrise managed portfolio guidance and from $152 million to $157 million, affirming our Atria NOI projection at an annualized rate from $186 million to $196 million, which equates to second half 2011 NOI to be between $93 million to $98 million, and our initial NHP projection.  Normalized FFO per share guidance includes the acquisition of Atria Senior Living and Nationwide Health Properties, but does not include among other things, the acquisition of unannounced acquisitions or divestiture activities deal costs, capital transactions, losses on extinguishment of debt, FX gains and losses, noncash mark-to-market derivative income and expense, noncash income tax expense or benefit, litigation expense or proceeds are the reversal of or incurrence of contingent consideration and liabilities. Because of the increase in the FFO and weighted share count, it is possible that the full-year computation of FFO per diluted share could be as much as $0.03 higher than the sum of the 4 reported quarters.  And now, I'll turn the call to Rick Riney, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel.
T. Riney: Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everyone. We know investors have an interest in the existing HCP litigation. So I want to take a few moments to explain the current posture of the case and provide an update on the facts to date.  We have an existing $102 million judgment and pending punitive damages filed against HCP. The punitive damage trial is scheduled for February 21, 2012, in the United States District Court here in Louisville. Our claims against HCP concerned towards its interference with our 2007 acquisition of Sunrise REIT.  Each court and jury that has considered the case, 5 in total, have ruled in Ventas' favor, 2 Canadian courts, the United States District Court, the Federal Jury Verdicts, and the Sixth Circuit Federal Court of Appeals had all ruled in Ventas' favor.  At the end of the quarter, the Sixth Circuit Federal Court of Appeals denied HCP's request for a rehearing. The latest decision in the Sixth Circuit federal Court of Appeals provided 2 favorable rulings. First, the Court of Appeals affirmed our jury verdict against HCP for $102 million, which is secured by a letter of credit. Secondly, the Court of Appeals remanded the case to the United States District Court for trial on the single issue of punitive damages.  In his opinion the court stated that, and I quote, "the record is replete with evidence of intentional misrepresentations, deceit and/or concealment of material facts by HCP."  The court also stated and again I quote, "We, the Court, also believe that a reasonable jury could conclude that HCP engaged in its fraudulent conduct with the intention of inflicting harm on Ventas."  The Commonwealth of Kentucky does not have a statutory cap on the amount of punitive damages that a jury may award. We will continue to act as a fiduciary for our stakeholders as we have in the past and make sound business decisions about the litigation.  Operator, we will now open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of James Milam of Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: My first question, you guys talked a little bit about the balance sheet activity, I was just wondering if you could give us a little color on where you guys stand in terms of cash in line of credit and if there are any needs to extend the duration of some of the debt that's outstanding now post-quarter close.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Dave, we have over $1 billion in liquidity under our line credit facility, and it's our intention, at some point in the second half of the year, to increase and extend our existing revolving credit facility. Hopefully on very favorable terms.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. So with the repayment of the NHP debt and the calling of your notes, there wasn't an increase in -- I mean I guess there is no -- I guess what you just said there's $1 billion of available in your line of credit, so there isn't a substantial need to extend rates on any other outstanding debt line now? So...
Debra Cafaro: Right. Remember, that we -- NHP got an $800 million term loan prior to the closing that we have the benefit of, at LIBOR plus 150, so that we have expanded capacity now. So that's why we have over $1 billion of availability.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Got it. Okay. The second question is just on the guidance. Is the increase primarily related to the timing of the NHP acquisition and the deal that the regional team there has done prior to closing? Or is there anything else that is pushing that mid point up for you guys?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean there are a variety of things, and they would include those that you mentioned, which are the timing of the deal, more investment activity than we had projected and the overall lower capital costs.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. And then just my last one on the senior housing portfolio. You guys, obviously, your expectation remains sort of 5% growth out of that portfolio, I was wondering if you could just break down for me, how that splits out in terms of stabilized assets, where you just expect better rate versus the growth you expect from some of the assets that need to stabilize, so to fill up the redevelopment portfolio.
Raymond Lewis: James, as we said before, the fill-up in redevelopment portfolio is providing about $5 million to $10 million of annual income in the Atria portfolio. So that's an important driver of the margin, but the bulk of the growth continues to come through the stabilized portfolios in Sunrise and Atria.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jerry Doctrow of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just a handful of things. Have you had any conversations yet with the rating agencies as to their views on the whole Medicare thing? And have you seen any risk that there's a change to negative outlook of that, just because they're -- by Medicare?
Debra Cafaro: I mean we have talked with them and in fact, one of the rating agencies put out a piece on this really when the rule was originally proposed, and the overall view is really the right view for bondholders, which is that if you're a bondholder of Ventas basically you have 3 layers of protection to your bond and all the credits of Ventas are extraordinary, and I think are an important component of the ratings as well. And so, while I think no one would characterize the rule as a positive credit event. I think the rating agencies obviously knew about the proposal and are comfortable with the ratings for Ventas.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And are there any -- sort of to add thinking of the NHP acquired portfolio that we may know a little less well, are there any weak links in there, like operators that are below 1, 2 that could -- I mean while the whole portfolio may be perfectly strong, is there an operator or 2 or some properties that are likely to be put into real distress because of the rate that Medicare changed?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you for asking that. I mean, Jerry, we have really been fired up about all the different things that we've been doing at Ventas over the last couple of years and over the last 10 years, really to build this stake, strong business, very diversified, try to stay focused, we have great well-covered leases and good diversification even within now the skilled nursing portfolio. So I would tell you that if you look at NHP's last quarter supplemental, which they published, you could see the top 15 tenants there, and you can see that's the EBITDARM coverages for the skilled nursing tenants are quite high. And we've given a composite view of the coverages in the supplemental and it may read so on with a significant cut, and that looks really good. I would tell you in any situation, in any portfolio, you're always going to have a bottom group of stragglers but the key point about everything that we've done with the diversification and so on, is that anything that could happen would be wildly immaterial for the company. And so we feel good about where we are.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And Debbie at NAREIT you talked about maybe being sort of more active asset manager, could we see more divestitures? Is that -- where do you stand sort of in that process?
Debra Cafaro: Yes good. I think that is a good question as well. And by the way, in the event that we do expect that there could be market opportunities as well, and we'd be very well positioned to take advantage of those, if they do occur in the skilled nursing business. If you go to your next question.
Raymond Lewis: So, Jerry, with 1,300 properties, I think there's going to be a much larger number of opportunities to strategically recycle capital in our portfolio, and so we're putting together an active plan right now to sort of go through all of our assets and identify those where we think it's the right time to be selling and monetizing and recycling that capital onto different asset classes. So we think that's another opportunity for us to continue to drive performance in our portfolio over time.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Does the guidance assume any level of divestitures? Or really, really not?
Debra Cafaro: No, it doesn't. As a typical it wouldn't include capital transactions or acquisitions or divestitures.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And last thing for me, and I'll jump off. Just pricing, like if you were doing a skilled deal today or even senior housing deal, does these -- or even MOBs for that matter, does, specifically the Medicare stuff but also just what the market's generally less happy feeling about the healthcare in general here. Are you expecting cap rates to be moving higher?
Debra Cafaro: As I checked the market, it didn't seem to like anyone this last week or so. I'll let Ray answer that.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. So, Jerry, I think consistent with what you've been hearing this week, I think the market is still digesting the information from CMS, with respect to how that's going to impact pricing on skilled nursing transactions. And we, like others, are going to wait and see how that plays out and see what sort of opportunities that present. So I couldn't really tell you what the ultimate impact on pricing is going to be of that development. With respect to general market conditions, it's always been our view and we've stated very consistently that over time, cap rates adjust to changes and cost of capital but there's often a lag and so, depending upon how long conditions persist. It may take some time for the market to adjust to the new cost of capital should they remain in place.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Specter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Here's the first question, Debbie, just maybe to focus on stock. I'm sure that you're a little disappointed today. The quarter was great, the ratings upgrade, you've executed on the deals, what are investors saying to you? What do you think the markets are missing here?
Debra Cafaro: I hadn't been looking at the screen this morning, so maybe I'll be disappointed when I get off the call. But look, I mean I think that people are really missing the size, strength, feel and diversification of the business here, all the things that we've been talking about, the positioning of the dividend. Again, if you look back over time and as I mentioned, there are these episodic periods of volatility that investors react to. And at the end of the day, we always cycle through them, and this is one of the reasons we like to have a bulletproof balance sheet. And we like to stay strong and diverse. But this has happened before, and we always kind of weather through it and our job is to execute. Our job is to deliver cash flows, to make good decisions, to really deliver for investors. And I think in the end, if we do that, as we have over the past 10 years, then the stock will follow. And so that's our job.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And can you maybe just reiterate your thoughts on the dividend and the growth potential there over the next year or so?
Debra Cafaro: Well I believe that over the past -- since 2004 or so we've grown the dividend by about 8% on occasion basis. And as you know, NHP had one of the lowest payout ratios in the sector. We've actually reduced that somewhat by virtue due to the fact that our dividend was even lower on adjusted basis, and our dividend payout ratio has been the lowest. And therefore, again, if we deliver the cash flows and we continue to grow the business and we have room to increase the dividend and make it continue to grow in a reliable and secure way, I would say that, that certainly is a good investment attribute of Ventas that will be particularly attractive, I would say, in relatively low growth environment that we have with low returns on people's invested capital and money market funds of bonds and the like.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a last question. Risks in the housing market seem skewed to the downside. Can you just I guess tell us how we should think about that? And the senior housing operating metrics and demand you're seeing?
Raymond Lewis: Yes. And I think if you look back over the last several years, where the housing market has been struggling mightily, you'll see that our primarily need driven assisted living and all-timers portfolio in Sunrise has performed and held up quite well on a relative basis to other real estate asset classes and we would expect that to continue going forward. It has proven, I think, through the last cycle to be fairly resilient in the face of challenging housing conditions. We don't see that changing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Debbie, don't get too worried. Your stock is only down 2.2%, the REITs are down 3% and the broad market is down 3.3%. So...
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, thanks for that update. I was wondering if I was going to have to go check the Bloomberg, but thank you.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: In your opening comments, you mentioned one of the things about Ventas and its position today, there was acquisition opportunities, and you said having the ability to do anything in sizes, asset types or structures and combinations thereof. And I'm just curious as you think about your deal activity today, and obviously, the last 18 months of positioning the company through the deals that you have done, I'm just curious where you sort of see that trending over the next 12 months in terms of what your desires of what you want to be doing in terms of size, asset types and structures.
Debra Cafaro: I'll let Ray start and then maybe...
Raymond Lewis: Yes, I'll start that and yes, Debbie will jump in. So, Michael I think one of the key investment theses in NHP was the regional acquisitions platform, which allows us to hit higher yielding transactions that are basically singles and keep making accretive acquisitions and growing our cash flow externally through all environments. We can't really predict how many or when large transactions are going to emerge. We've certainly been very successful at winning our fair share of those. But the ability to work these 70 relationships that we have and target these local and regional operators and create a consistent flow of attractive yielding investment, I think, is something that we're really excited about with NHP, and something that has proven to be correct in terms of investment thesis so far in our 10 years.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And I guess, what sort of...
Debra Cafaro: Sorry to interrupt, Michael. But also I think we're seeing good acquisition activity potentially on the medical assets building side, which is, again, a very good stable business that -- Todd is here with us. We're seeing some nice smaller size transactions in that business. And I think we'll continue to grow there as well. So that's, I think the best visibility we have really on what the deal flow is likely to look like over the coming quarter or so.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And then thinking about that for a second. As you go into the back half of the year, is there anything in the back half that sort of gets accelerated as you move into 2012? And just when we look at the back half of guidance adjusting for the share count and the FFO, your back half is about $1.60 to $1.66 per share. And I think you said, yes, the quarter is not going to add to the year because you have a different weighted average share count for the year relative to the back half. So using the $290 million for the back half of the year, you get to this $1.60, $1.66 type range. And so I'm just curious, as then we start to think about 2012, what other sort of drivers are already in place that continue that growth going forward, absent new investment activity?
Debra Cafaro: Right. Well obviously we'll have the benefit of a full year of the second half of accretion. We'll have hopefully growth in the Atria and Sunrise businesses, and then we'll have growth in the NHP businesses. And then obviously added to that any potential refinancing activity, any additional synergies that we're able to capture from NHP and then any back half accretive investment activity. So that would be the menu, if you will, of things that could accelerate into 2012.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And on the G&A front is there -- what sort of volume or what type of amount is that heading into next year versus what you're have in the back half? I think you talked about $15 million of G&A savings. I don't know how much of that is baked in to the back half of the year versus next year.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I'd say most of it is baked into the back half, and then maybe we can tick up some more going in to 2012.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just last question. Debbie, you're part of Rahm's World Business Chicago. It's a group of 50 people that are pretty extraordinary in their own right, in terms of their diverse business experience and governmental experience that they have. And so I'm just curious if whether you've been together as a group, and what you've learned and what you're hearing from -- pull yourself out of the healthcare and real estate industry for a second, What you sort of hear on the broad economy in the market.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I was a holdover from Mayor Daley's administration, I think. But anyway, it is really important I think. It's really helpful in my job to get a broader picture of things and that group has a very broad picture of the economy. There was also a group that recently met with the Governor of Illinois to talk about business and wide range manufacture, financial services and things like that. So I would say in my conversations with people that the tone has really shifted broadly from really a bull-iant one in, say, February of this year to obviously one where people have much lower growth expectations, much higher probabilities on the potential for a double dip. And generally are definitely seeing their businesses affected by a slowing economy. And that is more consistent, frankly, with what our view has been for the whole year. And why we think that Ventas really is an attractive investment opportunity, and you could apply that potentially to REITs generally, but if you can really continue to deliver steady reliable growth of growing dividend, low risk, strong balance sheet, not a lot of kind of internal volatility, I think that in the environment that I think we're in and that seems to be the environment that my compatriots outside of healthcare and outside of real estate seem to think we're in, that is going to be a pretty scarce commodity, in my opinion. And so that's where we're positioning the business, and I think it will be attractive to investors. But I do think the macro-trends are soft, is I think probably a good word for that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just wanted -- I'm lost a little bit on the accretion from NHP. I always thought that the $600 million of year-to-date acquisitions was the number that we have been talking about. Is that -- and you said that a part of the accretion is a function of them doing more than you thought or in some...
Debra Cafaro: A little bit more, yes.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So then maybe the primary improvement is better or lower cost of capital, can you kind of a quantify and break that down what exactly we're talking about there?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean basically, we have the term loan at L-plus 150. We did the $700 million of bonds at lower rates than we expected. And overall, since our capital costs are lower than we had projected initially.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So the majority of the upside was from capital costs and non-NHP activity, is that fair?
Debra Cafaro: Well not from acquisition, but the portfolio continues to perform, for example.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Ray, you were talking about the acquisition environment. You're mentioning kind of portfolios in the hundreds of millions. Are there any deals out there that you're looking at that are in the billions still? Or they're kind of scarce at this point?
Raymond Lewis: There are still a number of large portfolios in private hands that we expect to transact. Obviously, as the market becomes a little less clear and a little more uncertain, people may hold on to those a little longer. So things that we might have thought we would see in the third quarter may be postponed until there's a little bit more clarity around the direction of cost of capital. Right now, we've been continuing to hit the singles in NHP, and that's a good deal flow for us. Debbie mentioned our Medical Office Building pipeline, which also has a number of $100 million or so transactions in it. So that's going to keep us busy until some of these other larger portfolios come to market. But...
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So are there any held in public hands?
Raymond Lewis: Well we've always been a believer, Rich, that public-to-public consolidation in our space makes sense. And we certainly have been an active player in that. But outside of that, there's not a lot of that I'm aware of.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Regarding NHP, are there any adjustments, vis-a-vis the Hearthstone deal that you did that you could see kind of more perfecting the business of NHP now that you own it? Or do you think that was kind of the primary one, and you like most of the rest of the way things are structured?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I would say generally that was the primary one and we like the way the rest of the business is structured.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And just a couple of really quick ones. You talked about EBITDARM with an M coverages. If we're to look at EBITDAR, is it fair to say maybe like a 3 points lower type coverages? Or is something like that from 1.9 to 1.6? Or is it more than that?
Debra Cafaro: No. We do talk about EBITDARM for a couple of reasons. One is that we really believe when operators, tenant operators who look at their portfolios, it's that what they look at because it's really what their cash flow to them. But also, various people apply different management fee to the EBITDARM. And so you might see on hospitals, a 2% to 3%. You might see on skilled nursing 4% to 5%. And so we like to let people kind of put their own included number in there. But in general, big picture, it would be in the 0.35%, 0.4%-ish adjustment to a portfolio when you go from EBITDAR to EBITDARM on a kind of averaging kind of basis.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then last question for me is, one thing we're not talking about on this call yet in terms of the numbers is the impact of cost efficiencies at the -- on the case of Kindred or other operators level. What could be the impact on the upside to coverages as they become more efficient in the face of the CMS news on the nursing home side?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean you're making a very important point. I mean when these rules take effect, as I've said, it takes a while for the full impact of them, both on the positive and the negative side to be really fully understood. And so, sort of everybody in the market right now particularly in the real estate market is sort of trying to take this mathematical sensitivity, and that's a good place that they need to start. But people need to understand that these are complex businesses, the rules are complex in general. And frankly, the impact to different operators even on the top line is going to be a much wider range and is going to be different by operator. It's not going to be 11.1%, for example, to every operator on the top line. So there will be a range. For example, some of NHP's tenants may not be in the super high acuity or whatever. They may have a much lesser impact to begin with. Then you go to the expense side -- well not just expense side but you go to mitigation, and the operators, there are lots of things that they do, do and they can do to change their mix, to change their expense and cost structure, to manage -- to care for that mix and so on. And the good operators, as I said, manage through these changes every single year. This is a larger change, and so they've already started their mitigation plans and efforts. And I think started them actually sometime ago when the perspective rule came out. And so I think you will see mitigation reduce the impact of the rule, which frankly, may be smaller or greater on any given operator depending on where they kind of went into this. So if I hope that's helpful.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So it's kind of a cathartic experience right now, I guess.
Debra Cafaro: It's always fun.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Karin Ford with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Debbie, I wanted to just get your perspective across the industry whether or not you see any additional shoes to drop either in the sort of the near or medium-term? I guess the CMS ruling for LTAC was positive as you pointed out, but are there -- do you see any other targets either in the budget process or coming down in the pike at all that gives you any concern?
Debra Cafaro: So, no. But let's make a broader kind of discussion and that is, it is important for, especially real estate investors, to understand there's a broad sort of health-care world, the hospitals recently got an increase, the in-patients regular hospitals, the LTACs have gotten an increase, in-patient rehab has gotten an increase as well, and so there are these sort of cycles within the business. I would say that Medicaid expectations are generally plus or minus kind of 1% growth on average throughout the portfolio, and again that's where being in multiple states can really help you. And there will be again continued sort of cost containment efforts at the federal level and at the state level. And that as we have talked about for a while, I think those produce cost pressures on providers. But overall, this is part of kind of a long history of healthcare and is part of the normal expected cycle. And that's again, why we've tried to both go a lot more private pay at our business and also to have well-covered leases that are designed really to anticipate these changes in government reimbursement. So no other Jimmy Choo to drop, but we certainly are in a period where budget issues will be in the forefront. So, I hope everybody understood the Jimmy Choo reference.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I certainly did. Second question, just sort of, Ray, relates to the operating senior housing portfolio. It sounded like you had some nice trends in the Sunrise side of things with 1.2% sequential increase in rate. And it sounded like occupancy ticked up 60 basis points through July. Now that you've own Atria for a month, are you seeing better or worse rate in occupancy trends in Atria between the 2 portfolios?
Raymond Lewis: I think between the 2 portfolios -- let me just touch on Atria, first. I think what we're seeing there is pretty much what we expected going in. You pointed out, we've got a month so you can't draw a lot out of that, but it's performing as we expected. Between the 2 portfolios, I think it's important to note a couple of differences. One, and this is an important one, Sunrise has a higher percentage of double occupancy rooms in its portfolio, and so those will actually drive a higher average rate because you're getting the benefit of having 2 people paying for one unit for full care. And it works in the higher acuity models like Sunrise. And you also get a little bit better margin off of those units because your leveraging your fixed costs across those 2 residents. So you'll see a little bit higher rate and a little bit better margin coming out of the Sunrise portfolio. And I think that will be consistent over time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Here with Derek Bower. Couple of questions. First, regarding the HCP litigation. I think on their conference call, Jay had expressed some willingness or desire to settle. Is that something that you are currently pursuing?
Debra Cafaro: Ross, I'm sitting right here next to my dear friend and General Counsel, Rick Riney. And what I would say is that we're very limited in the comments and responses we can give at this point because of the pending punitive damage trial. And I apologize for that, but we think that's really the right course of action.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Understood. Second question, with respect to the Hearthstone assets that were given to Senior Care, why wasn't that structured in a RIDEA deal? And why was it Senior Care and not maybe given to Atria or Sunrise?
Debra Cafaro: Okay, good questions. We believe in general that using a lease structure -- or using a management structure versus a lease structure really in our mind has been for a kind of the prime of the prime, which is kind of best asset, best operator, best market, because in a growing economy you really should get that lift. In a softer economy these are still your primo assets. And as we know from just old-fashioned real estate that tends to be kind of where you want to be. And Hearthstone are very good assets. They are decent market, and I think they'll do well. We think Senior Care is the right kind of operator for those assets, and Ray will elaborate on that. But, we just think a lease structure for the asset is really the way we wanted to go on this. And I'll let Ray kind of elaborate on that.
Raymond Lewis: Sure. So Ross, you may recall the transaction we did with Senior Care in 2006, and they were the first people that came to mind when we started to really get into the Hearthstone situation and think about how to optimize these assets going forward. Because they basically ran the same playbook against the, what used to be called, the balance care portfolio. Those are newer assets, secondary markets, a little bit higher percentage of double occupancy and had generally been undermanaged. And they were able to come in. They increased occupancy 1,200 basis points. They increased rates over 30% over that time period. And I think the one thing that they did that distinguished themselves is they turned around the culture of these buildings. And they're recognized now as one of the top 100 places to work in the U.S. by Modern Healthcare. They really have a great operating model. And so we felt very comfortable bringing them into this portfolio because we saw there's a perfect corollary. And using the lease structure as an alignment tool enables both of us to do well over time as they turn around this portfolio. And so for all those reasons, we thought this was the right operator in the right structure for this circumstance.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Switching gears. On your guidance, I may have missed this earlier, does the new FFO guidance include a resetting of the straight line rents and the FAS 141 mark-to-market with respect to NHP?
Debra Cafaro: That sounded very, very proficient. Exactly. NHP had very limited kind of straight line rents, and so there's very limited impact. We do have the rent straight line that we have but there's very limited impact in the new guidance. And so does that answer your question?
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Mostly. How would one define limited? Like the overwhelming majority of the increase in your FFO guidance was due to cash items not gimmicky noncash FFO stuff?
Raymond Lewis: Of course. I think that the answer is that the straight lining rules that they follow and we follow are exactly the same. Everything that was straight line will be straight line. We will do the same thing that NHP did, which is we will determine whether reserves should be put on certain straight line items, and we believe that the change in the straight lining effect will be very minimal to a quarter.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: But there's no merger accounting reset that's causing that to jump up that's causing, that's contributing to the accretion to the FFO guidance?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, look, there's a zillion different puts and takes of cash and noncash items as you're pointing out, as when you do your merger accounting. And there maybe net effects of couple pennies or whatever one way or another when all get said and done. And so there maybe some but it won't be anything -- it's not anything wildly material, again.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Sekino of Barclays Capital.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Just quick question here on the Atria and the Sunrise operating assets. Is there any Medicare SNFs in those facility? Reimbursement from Medicare for the SNFs?
Debra Cafaro: No.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on the liquidity position that you have now, how should we think about I guess your appetite to address some of the assumed mortgage debt from Atria and maybe some of the senior notes inherited from NHP?
Debra Cafaro: Some of the? I'm sorry.
Raymond Lewis: Senior notes from NHP.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's the same answer for all of them. I think we will refinance them as they become due hopefully at lower rates. And in general, NHP had virtually no secured debt, so we have really good credit profile on the secured debt front. But we would hopefully continue to do more unsecured as the bond market is agreeable to the same. So those are our plans for the maturities.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And one more for me. Just the $70 million of leases in the SNFs coming due in 2013, given that the Medicare cuts impacts are kind of uncertain right now, can we expect that you'll kind of hold off on addressing those until Kindred has a full year under its belt? Or is that something that you can square away in the near-term?
Debra Cafaro: In 2013, we have certain of the master lease renewals coming up, as we do sort of consistently. And we would expect Kindred to continue to renew those. Those are all bundle -- those are all mixes together as multi-facility master leases with long-term acute-care hospitals as well. That's for 2013.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Theiler of Green Street Advisors.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Just a really quick follow-up question on the Sunrise rate. you guys have really good rate, the 4.5% or so. I was wondering is some of that coming from an increased average level of services? And if so, is there a limit to that rate growth going forward where you'd expect it to kind of moderate as you reach the upper end?
Raymond Lewis: Jeff, this is Ray. There's a little acuity in that rate but not a lot of it. A lot of it is just an increase in rate that was passed through to residents in the second quarter.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Okay. So it's not like this is a near-term bump that can't be repeated that you feel pretty confident that this 4% rate of growth is kind of reasonable going forward?
Raymond Lewis: Well on a quarter-over-quarter basis, no. I wouldn't say that's likely to be something we'd see every quarter.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: But on an annual basis, do you have any thoughts about -- on the run rate? Do you have any thoughts about what the right rate growth would be?
Raymond Lewis: Well I mean I think a 4% year-over-year rate growth is in the range.
Jeff Theiler - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: That's what I'm talking about. Okay great.
Raymond Lewis: Yes, I think -- I'm sorry I misunderstood your question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Suzanne Kim with Credit Suisse.
Suzanne Kim - Crédit Suisse AG: Regarding -- I know you talked to earlier about the punitive ruling. But just to clarify is that just simply the difference between what you could have paid and what you did pay? And is there -- is that what the $100 million represents? Is there an opportunity to push it up for the litigation expenses that have been incurred as a result of this as well? What does the, I guess, $100 million represent at this point?
Debra Cafaro: Well, Suzanne, we have a judgment for $102 million, which was the difference between what the contract was that we had to buy Sunrise REIT and what we ended up paying. And that's the judgment that we have. And as Rick said, the single issue that's going to be addressed in the punitive damage trial is really separate and sort of on top of that for punitive damages. And punitive damages are really just to discourage similar behavior. That's what the punitive damages trial is about.
Suzanne Kim - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, great. And then also have -- historically, have you ever reset rents for an operator? And would you prefer to reset the rent? Or would you prefer to just kind of take these assets and get a different operator? What's your preference there? And what sort of been your examples in the past in those?
Debra Cafaro: Well I can tell you in 2006 we did reset the rent under our Kindred leases by $33 million a year upward. We increased rent in the reset. We've had various reset rights and other leases that have enabled us to increase rent to market, and we've done that as well. So...
Raymond Lewis: And the way that we structure our leases, Suzanne, is that upon renewal there's either a contractual escalation or a right to reset rents to market. And to the extent there's a right to reset rents to market is typically the greater of fair market or a contractual escalation. So that's the process that we go through when we structure our leases.
Suzanne Kim - Crédit Suisse AG: Have you reset them downward? Historically?
Debra Cafaro: Not in general, no.
Suzanne Kim - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. So if an operator looks distressed are you more inclined to find a different operator versus resetting the rent at a lower rate?
Debra Cafaro: That would all depend on whatever the facts and circumstances are at the time. In general, we like to get increase rents, so that was what our focus on when you asked the question. So, okay?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Philip Martin with Morningstar.
Philip J. Martin: A couple of questions. My first one, I wanted to see if I could get an update from you on the role and opportunities for LTAC was in the integrated healthcare delivery system and even a bit more specifically, the potential competitive threat in LTAC may have less skilled nursing facility, especially as the skilled nursing is in many cases being repositioned to handle shorter length of stay, more rehab to an extent higher acuity, et cetera.
Debra Cafaro: We're going to lose all the REIT guys on the phone but I'll try to take that one. There is a post-acute continuing of care. As we know, when you get out of the regular hospital, there's whole variety of settings where people can go, in-patient rehab, long-term acute-care hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, et cetera. Long-term acute-care hospitals also are an important part of the healthcare delivery system albeit it being a smaller one than skilled nursing facilities, they take care of much sicker, more clinically complex patients and get a higher Medicare rate, which of course we just mentioned is increasing in the fiscal year 2012. So I feel good that obviously, CMS and others are recognizing the merits of LTACs and in-patient rehab hospitals in the healthcare setting. And I don't know if you know so, there's actually is a patient certification that was introduced in Congress this week, which further kind of validates the LTAC model, particularly the one that's really high acuity, medically complex patients, medically fragile patients like the ones that Kindred cared for. And so hopefully that answers your question.
Philip J. Martin: Yes. It's always done in an interesting sector. And it's, I think, becoming a more important cog in the overall healthcare delivery wheel, so to speak. My next question is given Ventas' broad reach and just the knowledge and relationships across the healthcare acuity spectrum, can you get us some feel for the trend in patient outcomes across your operator and tenant base? I know we all sometimes focus too much on coverage, which I know of course is very important but patient outcomes are obviously central and a critical component to healthcare delivery, the efficiencies, reimbursements, et cetera. And I'm just wondering how you track patient outcomes? If you do that? Or if you have any anecdotal thoughts on that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It is true that at the end of the day, it still is all about the patient and healthcare. And I would tell you that we don't really discuss our patient outcomes by operator. I mean that's really for them to do. I would tell you that Paul Diaz and the team at Kindred have initiated some years ago a quality initiative and they really have done a fantastic job in getting to a point, where I think they could be #1 in quality among nursing home operators nationally, and that of course does lead to better patient outcomes. And so, I think we do track that. And I would encourage you to really talk to Kindred about some of the particulars around patient outcomes and quality.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo Securities.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'll keep mine brief. Just looking at the Medical Office Building portfolio, just the occupancies have been trickling down last couple quarters, you seem to be holding rate okay, can you just comment on the occupancy trends?
Raymond Lewis: Yes. This is Ray. With respect to the Medical Office Building portfolio, our stabilized portfolio at 93.4% is still very well occupied by any relative standard. So we're really happy about that, you know that the occupancy has declined slightly but there's nothing to really attribute it to other than sort of normal frictional turnover within the buildings.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: If you layer in just increased uncertainty to just general healthcare and reimbursements environment, any lowering in the lease durations? Are folks willing or not willing to sign a 5-year lease? And maybe you're seeing more of a 3-year lease?
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean that is an observation we're seeing in our portfolio, Todd, that people are signing shorter-term leases as they try to figure out what's going to end up happening with reimbursements and other things long term. I think the other trend that is sort of feeding into that is consolidation among physician groups and by hospitals acquiring physician groups. So with that trend accelerating a lot of physician groups are taking shorter term leases to give them more flexibility to either align with each other or with hospital systems. So those 2 driving factors, I think are causing our tenants generally to favor shorter term leases at the moment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So a couple of questions. Just on Karin's line of questioning about where you might see a shoe drop. Just curious, on the whole doc fix issue and any kind of potential impact from Medical Office Buildings that you could see?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm actually glad you mentioned that because when Ray was talking about trends, that was one of the things that I think is a positive trend, which is it does appear that this year Congress, again for these people, there's going to -- so-called cliff for physician payment that is every single year gets pushed out another year. It never occurs. And just keeps getting pushed out and people talk about the "docs fix" for that gets permanently fixed so there's not an appending cliff or cut in reimbursements for physicians going forward. And this year, there is a belief that the docs fix will take effect therefore physicians will have a known kind of visibility into their reimbursement rates, and they won't have this annual thing hanging over their heads anymore. And so I do think that will be positive if that occurs for the Medical Office Building business. To the extent that that's a paid for i.e., somewhere else, and somebody has to pay for that there may be kind of reductions to the Medicare gross rate that are from other healthcare sectors. It could be home health, could be hospitals, could be who knows what. And so I think that it's out there but I don't view that as -- I think the nursing home guys have really given up the office. And so I think it's really less likely to affect them although it may in some small measure.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So you actually think they're going to rob Peter to pay Paul rather than just smash the physician by the 20% difference that's hanging out there right now?
Debra Cafaro: I think, there's a general believe that they will do this "do the docs fix," but again time will tell.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then again, over the next 6 to 9 months as things start to shake out in the world of skilled nursing. Could you actually see a scenario where you would actually find that sector more attractive for you to invest in going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think what we have found in life generally and as a company is that in every challenge there's also an opportunity. And what we challenge ourselves with is to say, whatever happens we have the kind of business that can really get -- kind of have the staying power and the strength to deal with it. The management expertise and skill and the insight to really kind of do well for our shareholders, in light of changes. And so I think that you always have to be understanding of that. And as we've said before, if there are challenges in the marketplace, and we think we have good visibility, it may prove to be an opportunity. I think obviously it's too early to say that, but we do believe the sector is an important sector. And so that could happen. As for now, I would say that we're continuing on our private pay focus. We do like the seniors housing and MOB sector, and we'll continue to invest there. And as the situation evolves and clarifies, we will consider, hopefully seeing and using opportunities for the benefit of our shareholders in others spaces.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Tom Truxillo with BAML.
Thomas Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Quick follow-up question on the refinancing activity you mentioned earlier. Obviously you guys have an unsecured note coming due later in the year, but can you update us just on your thoughts about the ideal split between your unsecured and secured debt? And how much of that debt can you refi without really commutative prepayment penalties? And then just kind of given today's market, does it make sense to do that? Or are you kind of happy with your secured debt, where it is?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well the secured debt level will be quite low, and we can get you a specific on that pro forma for NHP. But again, in terms of the maturity, we do have a convert due in November, $230 million, that's an unsecured piece of paper and that's really our only material -- that's really our only maturity this year. We are constantly evaluating. David Smith works on this. And Rick Schweinhart and I are constantly evaluating what's the new issuance rate is compared to the all-in investment that we would incur, where we can pay off existing debt and incur prepayment penalties. We have done some of that. And obviously, where we can call notes at any time and extend the maturity at lower rates, I mean that generally, I would say a good thing to do. And we've benefited from having a staggard maturity schedule. And again, hedging into different levels, different spreads different base rates and that's really helped the company. And I do think we have more opportunities there over time. So, wow, this was a long call. Thank you, all for participating. We very much appreciate your attention and your support. I do want to point out that something that got lost in the shuffle, which is that we have, I think enhanced our supplemental disclosure. We try to put some more information in there regarding our seniors housing portfolio, in terms of markets and different kinds of occupancies, statistics and so on. So we hope that, that additional enhanced disclosure will be something that you'll all appreciate.  And we did correct Page 9 of the supplemental this morning about 10:30 or so. So if you pulled one earlier, you might want to take a look at that.  So thank you again, and we look forward to speaking with you soon after I hope you have a good August after earnings season, and we look forward to getting back on the conference circuit starting in September. So, thanks again.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond Lewis - President David Smith - SVP and CFO Debra Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Investment Committee and Member of Executive Committee Richard Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Cooney - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Thomas Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I always think -- and then I'm the biased advocate, I'll be the first to admit that, that we should be rated about 2 notches above where we always are rated. So you have to take my response with a little bit of a grain of salt. But I think Ventas really should be and is frankly sort of like a BBB+ quality, credit quality company. And I think the bondholders acknowledge that in the way that we tend to price our paper very -- with great spreads. And so the bondholders I think really appreciate what a reliable credit we are and have been and how we've managed the company for the benefit of all of our constituents over time, and they know that. And so I would look really towards getting to that BBB+ rated level whether we can persuade those with the pen of that. I'll let you to decide, but we're bullish on our credit anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Debbie, on the question on acquisitions. Can you just give us some sense as to where you see values today whether they're fair or perhaps a little bit pricey? And as you think about whether it's senior housing or perhaps life sciences or MOBs, but just trying to get some sense of how you think about valuation, whether you're looking for a little bit of a pullback over time to perhaps deploy capital as you've talked about?
Debra Cafaro: I think we have always averaged into our investments over time. And I think that we -- let's take seniors housing as an example. I mean I've seen on my soapbox a I little bit about this. But here you have high-quality infill locations and assets that have shown tremendous resilience. They're need-based, they're demographically driven, major metro location. And the Atria ones, for example, we're buying at let's call it a 6.5% cap on the stabilized assets. And to me those should trade at something like multi-family cap rates. And so I think that those assets, I mean, are well-priced and that's why we're buying them. And I think the market has come to appreciate the resiliency of the cash flows and the potential for growth in those cash flows. So it really varies by sector. And I think as Brian mentioned, as you look forward at skilled nursing, we don't really know what the pricing will be in this kind of period of uncertainty but those may be attractive pricing as well. And the other asset types I would say generally are in kind of the fair range, let's call it. So that's how we see it.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Helpful. And also just following up on the CMS proposal, I mean do you think that 2012 is a starting point i.e. this could go further in out-years as well or do you think that 2012 is really what they're looking at, and then that's where they stop?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, look, we have lived the sort of nursing home CMS story consistently over the last -- since I got here in 1999. And the truth of the matter is as the guys who cover healthcare as opposed to real estate know, there are constant kind of ebbs and flows in Medicare reimbursement. And I think we've been in a flow. And now I think on skilled nursing as distinct from hospitals, which -- our L-tax [ph] just got on an increase in Medicare reimbursement. I think we're in a period of a little bit of ebb, and we have been talking about that where we think there will be some cost pressures on the operators that will reduce the rate of growth in reimbursements or even some reduction. And this is something that we've been through over time and they tend to go in fairly predictable cycles. And so we think it's likely to be sort of a multi-year period where there is margin compression at the operators. We don't think it's going to be drastic in any way. But there will be these cost containment measures that come from both the budget issues in Washington as well as just the idea that CMS maybe got a little ahead of itself with RUG-IV. And that's part of the ordinary ebb and flow of the business. And that's why again it's important to be the landlord with operators who have the ability to manage through these changes, which occur every single year and have the kind of coverage that we have. So I don't -- operator, I don't think we have anymore questions. And so I want to thank everyone for participating in this quarter's call. We very much appreciate your attention and your support, and we look forward to seeing everyone in June in New York. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. All parties may now disconnect. Good day.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ventas First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Maria, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Smith, Manager, Investor Relations & Capital Markets. Please proceed.
David Smith: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2011. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied.  We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning to all of our shareholders and participants, and welcome to our first quarter 2011 earnings call.  Today, I'll provide a brief recap of the quarter and discuss our pending transactions and strategy. Our President, Ray Lewis, will provide an overview of our portfolio performance and investment outlook; and our CFO Rick Schweinhart will end our prepared remarks with a detailed review of our quarterly financial results. After that, we'll be delighted to take your questions. Ventas had exciting and productive first quarter with normalized FFO per share, up 12% year-over-year, good growth in occupancy and NOI in our private pay Sunrise-managed communities and cash flow from operations, up over 13% from our diversified portfolio of senior living, hospital and skilled nursing assets. Most importantly, during the quarter, we announced our highly strategic $7.4 billion acquisition of Nationwide Health Property, a well-respected, diversified healthcare REIT with a successful 25-year history. We expect the NHP acquisition to be immediately accretive to 2011 earnings per share, and we continue to expect a third quarter 2011 closing.  Separately, NHP announced earlier today excellent quarterly earnings and $600 million in year-to-date acquisition volume at a blended initial cash yield of 8%. We are working hand-in-glove with our colleagues at NHP to run through the finish line and execute on our strategic vision of creating the leading diversified healthcare REIT that will continue to deliver superior value for shareholders. NHP CEO, Doug Pasquale, and his team are doing an incredible job working for our collective constituents.  As an update on our pending $3.1 billion acquisition of 118 high-quality private pay senior living communities operated by Atria Senior Living Group, we expect to close that transaction shortly. Atria is the fourth largest operator of assisted living in the U.S., and our acquired assets are located principally in attractive barrier-to-entry coastal markets with affluent demographics. The Atria assets continue to perform well, and we look forward to integrating these exceptional properties into our portfolio and working with the dedicated and experienced Atria's senior management team.  We are enthusiastic about our strategy and our positioning for the future. In just 3 quarters, since June 30, 2010, we have expanded and reshaped Ventas to deliver another decade of excellence for our shareholders. After our acquisition of the Lillibridge Medical Office Building business on July 1, 2010, and following completion of our pending Atria and NHP acquisitions, we will be a better, faster-growing and more reliable and diversified enterprise, with an enhanced cost of capital advantage and multiple avenues to exploit the $1 trillion fragmented universe of healthcare and senior housing real estate.  We continue as a management team to look forward and to try to stay one step ahead of the rapidly evolving external environment as we make decisions and allocate capital on your behalf.  I think it's worth taking a moment to explain what we expect Ventas to look like compared to just 3 quarters ago at June 30, 2010.  First, our private pay NOI will increase to 70% of our annualized NOI, significantly improved from 57% in mid-2010. During that period, we have systematically reduced our NOI from skilled nursing assets from 28% to 22%. Ventas will be the most diversified healthcare REIT by asset type, operating model, tenant and geography.  Kindred, the largest provider of post-acute care in the United States, will represent only 19% of our pro forma NOI. Seniors housing operating assets with Atria and Sunrise will comprise 26% of our business. And we will have a well-balanced portfolio with 29% seniors housing triple-net lease assets, 11% medical office buildings, 8% hospital triple-net leases and 22% post-acute triple-net leases.  NHP and Ventas are combining the 2 strongest balance sheets in the industry. Financial strength and flexibility preserve shareholder value and provide optionality for growth. We have already achieved momentum towards higher credit ratings from all three agencies, which should result in lower debt spreads. With over $6 billion in combined debt outstanding, improving debt cost should result in better earnings for Ventas shareholders.  With Atria and NHP, we will be doing business with the leaders of the healthcare and senior housing industry. The NHP acquisition will expand our customer relationship by 6x, providing Ventas with built-in opportunities to grow as our customers expand, monetize additional assets or consolidate.  Ventas will become one of the largest publicly traded REITs, with a pro forma enterprise value of $23 billion and the leading healthcare REIT by equity value. Compared to June 2010, our total enterprise value will have expanded from $10 billion to $23 billion. Moreover, we will be the largest owner of private pay seniors housing in the U.S., an asset class we find attractive due to compelling supply-demand fundamentals. The quality and location of our Sunrise and Atria operating portfolios are second to none.  With our Lillibridge transaction in July of 2010, Ventas acquired a national leading integrated platform in MOB. Now with the addition of NHP's MOB business, we will own or manage 14 million square feet of MOBs nationally; enjoy relationships with high-quality healthcare and hospital systems across the country; and succeed to NHP's attractive, exclusive $1-plus billion pipeline with excellent developer, Pacific Medical Buildings.  Ventas and NHP both enjoy excellent dividend coverage and the combined company has the potential to offer superior dividend growth and reliability to our shareholders.  And finally, with our improved size, deal, diversification and relationships, including NHP's strong regional investment business and deal team, and Ventas' expertise in completing large highly structured transactions with national operators, we will be positioned to do any deal, large or small, operating or triple-net, in any subsector of healthcare and senior housing real estate. All of these attributes should drive our future growth and total return.  We have always believed that the way to create shareholder value is by growing cash flows from a productive and diversified portfolio of high-quality senior housing and healthcare assets, operated by excellent tenants and managers, while we also prudently manage risks. All of our acquisitions over the years, 7 in 7 years, including Atria and NHP, fits squarely within that framework.  We look forward to completing and realizing on the power and the potential of our 2 pending acquisitions with the benefits of our shareholders. Ray?
Raymond Lewis: Thank you, Debbie. Ventas' portfolio currently consists of over 600 diversified and productive healthcare and seniors housing assets that produce reliable and growing cash flows.  During the first quarter of 2011, same-store NOI for our total portfolio grew 3.7% over the first quarter of the 2010. Starting with our long-term triple-net lease portfolio, where we derived 68% of our first quarter NOI, cash flow coverages remain stable at 1.7x through the fourth quarter of 2010, the latest date available. The triple-net lease asset in our portfolio are structured as pooled, multi-facility master leases, have a weighted average remaining lease term of about 6 years and encompass both seniors housing and post-acute asset classes. These leases have strong tenant credit and contractual growth escalations that continue to provide Ventas with steady and reliable cash flow growth year-after-year.  Same-store cash NOI on the 392 assets in our triple-net lease portfolio grew 2.7% year-over-year and remained on track to exceed our 2011 same-store growth projection of 2.5%. The majority of Ventas' post-acute assets are leased to our long-standing and successful tenant, Kindred Healthcare, which currently represents 36% of the company's annualized NOI. Our Kindred portfolio has an excellent quality mix of 71% and maintain strong cash flow-to-rent coverage of 2x for the fourth quarter of 2010, the most recent available.  The contractual rent escalations in our pooled, multi-facility master leases with Kindred delivered a net rent increase of 2.6% on May 1. Corporately, Kindred continues to be the leader in the post-acute space bolstered by its recent $1.3 billion acquisition of publicly traded RehabCare. Moreover, Kindred has a strong credit profile. Pro forma for the RehabCare transaction, Kindred has an attractive balance sheet at 4.7x adjusted debt to EBITDA, a diversified business mix spanning the post-acute continuum and over 2x EBITDAR to rent coverage.  Next, I would like to discuss our Seniors Housing Operating portfolio, which includes 79 high-quality private pay, mansion-style assisted-living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living. This portfolio currently accounts for 21% of Ventas' first quarter NOI. Occupancy in the Sunrise portfolio was up 140 basis points year-over-year to 89.7%, which compares favorably to the 90 basis points year-over-year increase reported for assisted living by net in the first quarter of 2011.  Current occupancy in the portfolio is hovering at 90%. NOI for our Sunrise portfolio increased 7.3% over the first quarter of 2010 to $36.3 million. Our Sunrise NOI benefited from the previously mentioned 140 basis point increase in occupancy, a 3.1% increase in average daily rate and lower management fees payable to Sunrise, offset by higher expenses. Our 3.1% year-over-year rate growth compares favorably to the 0% year-over-year assisted-living rate growth reported by the NIC for the first quarter of 2011.  This quarter, our Steeles property in Toronto joined the stabilized portfolio from the lease up portfolio, as it continue to perform exceptionally well with current occupancy over 98%. We are also reaffirming our NOI guidance range of $152 million to $157 million for our Sunrise portfolio, which equates to a 3.5% year-over-year growth over normalized 2010 Sunrise NOI at the midpoint. Corporately, Sunrise has made strong progress during the first quarter by entering into a new revolving credit facility, raising capital through the sale of convertible notes and building its asset bass with a purchase out its majority partners interest in 44 of its senior living communities.  Turning to Medical Office. Our portfolio of owned and managed medical office buildings is comprised of 160 properties with 9 million square feet. Our MOBs are 90% on-campus and affiliated with investment-grade health systems. Medical office buildings currently account for 9% of the company's annualized NOI. The Lillibridge platform, which we acquired at the beginning of third quarter of 2010, continues to deliver steady performance in our own portfolios. Our consolidated same-store stabilized pool of 58 MOBs maintained strong occupancy, above 94%, and provided first quarter NOI of $12.7 million, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2010.  Also, during the first quarter, Lillibridge rolled out a new branding initiative aimed at showcasing the combined benefits of our two firms: Ventas' strong balance sheet, access to capital and investment team; and Lillibridge's brand, full-service capabilities and performance track record with highly rated hospitals and health systems.  Finally, it is worth noting that Ventas' MOB presence will grow significantly upon the closing of the NHP acquisition, as our combined owned and managed portfolio will encompass over 230 medical office buildings containing 14 million square feet. We will also have relationships with over 50 not-for-profit and investor-owned hospitals. From a fit standpoint, NHP's Pacific Medical Buildings platform focused on the West Coast complements Ventas' Central and Eastern U.S. focus very well and will provide Ventas with coast-to-coast MOB market coverage that will be able to provide full-service real estate capabilities to hospitals and health systems nationwide.  Before turning the call over to Rick, let me just touch briefly on acquisitions and investment environment, which continues to be robust and attractive for both Ventas and NHP.  Obviously, Ventas has been active in the large deals space with the announcements of Atria and NHP. Likewise, NHP has been productive in the small and medium-sized deals space having closed nearly $600 million in new investments so far this year. These transactions run the gamut from seniors housing to skilled nursing to medical office, deals include both follow-on investments with existing relationships, as well as new relationships with good local and regional operators.  Moreover, a number of these transactions were off-market deals that were identified by NHP's network of regional originators and priced at attractive yields, averaging 8%. So with $600 million closed so far, another $170 million under contract, an active pipeline, a strong originations team, NHP seems well positioned to exceed historical origination levels in 2011.  Deal flow in the market remained strong as private equity and other owners of healthcare real estates seek liquidity to recapitalize their balance sheets and grow their companies. At the same time, capital alternatives for those with liquidity and growth needs are still relatively limited, with secured debt being underwritten to very conservative standards. Ventas continues to have access to multiple capital markets on attractive terms. As a consequence, we are seeing a steady flow of attractive investment opportunities both large and small in all of our asset classes. And through the combination of NHP's excellent regional acquisitions platform, Ventas' large transaction capabilities, our track record, extensive relationships with leading operators and our attractive cost of capital, we should be exceptionally well-positioned to continue to grow our company.  With that, I will turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart to discuss our financial results.
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. First quarter 2011 normalized FFO was $0.75 per share, per diluted share, an increase of 12% compared to the first quarter 2010, per share results end up $0.67. Normalized FFO was $121 million compared to last year's first quarter of $105.2 million. Normalized FFO in the first quarter excludes $20 million composed primarily of merger-related expenses and deal costs totaling $6.4 million in the quarter, a loss on extinguishment of debt of $16.5 million, offset by a $3.2 million income tax benefit. First quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's first quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and medical office buildings.  Triple-net lease revenues grew to $118.6 million from $116.3 million last year, primarily due to contractual escalations. Seniors housing operating NOI increased 7% to $36.3 million this quarter from $33.8 million last year. In addition, during the quarter, we received proceeds from repayment of loans receivable and sales of marketable debt securities totaling $43 million and recognized income of $2.5 million.  Due to the Lillibridge acquisition on July 1 of 2010, first quarter Medical Office Property group NOI grew to $18.4 million from $8 million last year, including $1.4 million in unconsolidated joint ventures. Finally, first quarter normalized FFO also benefited from our fourth quarter acquisition of Sunrise's non-controlling interest in our 58 of our 79 senior housing communities for an equity investment of $41.5 million. This purchase added approximately $2 million to our earnings in the first quarter compared to the first quarter last year.  Looking at sequential results. Fourth quarter 2010 FFO totaled $121.4 million compared to this quarter's $121.0 million. The principal reason for stable sequential performance relates to our deal with Sunrise completed at the end of last year. That deal included a modification of our management agreements with respect to all 79 communities managed by Sunrise. The modifications included a reduction in the 2010 management fee to 3.5% for the period April 1 through December 31, 2010. The modification also limited certain annual shared cost charged to the communities. The savings reflected on our fourth quarter results totaled $7.2 million. However, $5 million of that savings was attributable to prior quarters in 2010. 2011, Sunrise management fees were set at 3.75%.  As a result, in the fourth quarter 2010, Sunrise managed NOI was $42.6 million. Excluding the $5 million out-of-period cost savings and accounting for 2 more days in the fourth quarter, the comparable Sunrise fourth quarter NOI would have been $36.8 million, consistent with the first quarter NOI of $36.3 million.  Sequentially, Medical Office NOI in the first quarter of 2011 was $18.4 million, also stable compared to the fourth quarter segment results. Interest expense improved by almost $3 million in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Also due to the late fourth quarter acquisition of Sunrise's minority real estate interest in 58 of our communities, FFO improved by approximately $2 million, sequentially.  We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. At March 31, our cash balance was $42 million and we had $8 million outstanding on our $1 billion revolving credit facility or net liquidity exceeding $1 billion. In the quarter, we issued 5.6 million shares of equity for $300 million, used those funds to prepay mortgage debt of $307 million. This capital activity is consistent with our announced funding strategy for the Atria acquisition of reducing secured debt and improving our credit profile. As a result our credit stats improved to outstanding levels at March 31. Net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA is at 3.8x, and our fixed charge coverage ratio substantially exceeds 3x.  Our March 31, 2011, debt-to-enterprise value is an industry-leading 23%. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at 162 million shares increased 3.2% over the first quarter of last year and 2.4% over the 158.2 million in fourth quarter 2010. We are affirming our 2011 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.06 to $3.14.  At the midpoint, this represents 7.5% growth versus 2010 and is the result of expected improving property operations at Sunrise and our pending Atria acquisition. Normalized FFO per share guidance includes the acquisition of Atria Senior Living, but does not include the acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties or unannounced acquisition or divestiture activity, deal costs, capital transactions, losses on extinguishment of debt, FX gains and losses, non-cash mark-to-market derivative income and expense, non-cash income tax expense or benefit or litigation expense or proceeds.  Operator, if you would please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Just a question on the NHP deal. Clearly with having completed almost $800 million year-to-date, that's clearly in excess of what the run rate they've been on and I think probably ahead of where they thought they would be. What's happening in terms of approving deals, and I would've thought in the first quarter with all the stuff on the merger that the time probably would have been in reverse. They wouldn't have been able to do as many deals. So I'm just wondering if there's been a change at all in terms of how those deals are being sourced or what's closing or what's being approved. And ideally then, given the higher acquisition volume, that ideally should lead to better underlying FFO in which case the deal probably is going to be more accretive at least in the near term and essentially going forward if this pipeline grows even further.
Raymond Lewis: So Michael, I'll take the first part of that question. I think with respect to moving transactions through the pipeline, NHP is continuing to run their business. You'll recall when we announced the transaction that one of the primary benefits we described was the value of the regional originations platform in the pipeline if they're able to generate. And we've been laser-focused on making sure that we don't lose any traction on that and that we -- when we close the transaction, we are running at a full gallop with the originations platform. So John Cobb, our Chief Investment Officer, has been working hand-in-glove with the originations team to make share that we are tracking the transactions that they're running, that we are on board with the way that they are underwriting and evaluating them and that they're moving quickly through the pipe and that there aren't any bottlenecks. So we have been extremely focused on that aspect of the transaction.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And I assume then from the perspective of accretion for the deal, I don't think you guys were probably underwriting $800 million so early in the year out of the NHP platform just given how conservative you are in underwriting. I guess this issue would mean that once the deal closes, it's probably a little bit upsize given the fixed exchange ratio in the transaction.
Debra Cafaro: Well, Michael, as you know we are super excited about the transaction, and we really think it gives us more ways to grow in the future. And we are maniacal underwriters as Doug eloquently explained at your conference. We said when we announced the deal, there were about 250 closed and another 250 or so in the hopper on acquisitions. And we give NHP a ton of credit for continuing to really drive their business. Again, working very closely with them since the date of the announcement, and even before, so that we capture and realize on the potential of the acquisition. So we hope to continue doing that, and we're just all about executing right now.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Second question is on the Atria. You maintained this $186 million to $196 million sort of NOI level, and part of that wide range originally was due to you didn't know when the deal would close during the year. My impression was that the senior housing fundamentals are better from when you announced the transaction, in which case the NOI level for the full year would likely be higher today than when you did the transaction. And so I'm just wondering if you can sort of go through a little bit about sort of NOI for 2011 as a whole for Atria, and then what you'll pick up as your share. And then also how you're feeling about Lazard's holding in the company, clearly which the HCP trade and Carlisle with having bought them out, they weren't really going to be a long-term holder, but I'm just curious how that -- whether that's giving you a thought about having a large stakeholder in the company and perhaps viewed as an overhang and that?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, there's a couple, maybe three questions in there and I'll take them seriatim. One is that we do love the fundamentals in seniors housing, especially the Atria assets, which are in these terrific locations like New York and the West Coast. And when we gave our guidance range of $186 million to $196 million, I think we were building in a significant amount of growth in the year-over-year asset performance, which we are seeing actual performance in line with that. So the senior housing market is really performing kind of as we expected, and we did give high growth rates year-over-year for Atria as you remember. And that's really already baked into $186 million to $196 million. And so we feel very comfortable with the range that we've provided. And so the good news is I think the portfolio is performing well and in line with I would say pretty robust expectations of year-over-year growth, so we feel good about that. In terms of our new partner, Lazard, what I think is really outstanding about the deal structure that we struck with Lazard is that it has evidenced Lazard's partnership with us and their confidence in their own assets, in Ventas and in our prospects. And so -- and it's also very balance sheet-friendly and takes a lot of risks off the table for Ventas shareholders in terms of deal structuring. So we -- Matt [Matthew Lustig] has been and Lazard has been a good corporate shareholder in circumstances where they have taken REIT takes in the past. I mean that's been a handful of situations. And I'm confident that they will do the same here with Ventas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Debbie, in your opening remarks, you commented that you'll be the largest platform and you talked about you could do acquisitions in each sub-sector. I guess how should we be thinking about that in terms of the right portfolio mix, your strategy going forward?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We have always believed that the way to create value, again, is to grow earnings and to diversify our portfolio and have good balance in the portfolio. And so as we close everything that we have pending, we're going to have a little bit over 25% in senior housing operating and a very good balance throughout the rest of the portfolio, with 70% coming from private pay sources. I think the beauty of the model that we're developing with these acquisitions is that we will be able to respond to market opportunities and really expand or contract these pieces of the pie as we see market opportunities developing. We certainly can do more seniors housing operating. We have set up our deal with Atria to really grow with them. We could do more with Sunrise potentially in that higher gross operating model. And really we have -- we've got our MOB platform now that we can grow. And then frankly, our -- so any way we want to go with the portfolio now, I think we have every opportunity to do so, including, by the way, attacking very large opportunities that will not overweight the portfolio in terms of concentration if those kind of large opportunities present themselves. So we really are excited again about the kind of company that we're going to be, the cost of capital and our ability to really seize the opportunities in the market, which will kind of ebb and flow over time.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. And you also commented on being able to deliver superior dividend growth and, of course, that's been a key theme in the market today. Could you quantify that? Have you done any sort of sensitivity analysis over the next few years, what you think you could do?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean Ventas historically has both one of the highest dividend growth rates, if not the highest in our sector, coupled with a very low payout ratio. And so the combination of our ability to grow earnings and having a low payout ratio means that we should continue to have upward momentum in our dividend. And just to put it in historical context, Ventas has grown our dividend about 8% annually from '04 to '07 and again still has the lowest payout ratio in the sector. So that is a, I think, underappreciated investment attribute of Ventas securities and, of course, NHP also has a low payout ratio. So we're combining sort of the best balance sheet, the best dividend coverage, and I think we can use both of those attributes to great effects as we go forward.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question for Ray. Ray, you were commenting on the relationships you'll have in the MOB space nationwide. Can you just talk about that a little bit more and help us -- I guess, help me understand exactly how you can leverage those relationships nationwide?
Raymond Lewis: Right, Jeff. So as I said in my comments, Pacific Medical Buildings covers 11 western states, states that Lillibridge hasn't really established much, if any, of a footprint in so far. Now those are certainly states that we wanted to do business in. We're in the process of figuring out how to enter those markets. But with the acquisition of NHP, we get a pretty much ready-made presence and with the strongest brand in that market with their joint venture with Pacific Medical Buildings and the built-in pipeline that goes along with it. And Lillibridge has an excellent coverage of the Central U.S. and Eastern U.S. And so that creates sort of a nationwide capability within our combined companies to service -- full service any of the healthcare hospital systems across the country. So I mean, that's really the basic strategic thesis, and I think it's a very complimentary business model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Ford with KeyBanc.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just wanted to ask a follow-up question on how Atria is performing. If my notes are correct, I think you expected the deal to close originally in April and you were looking for sort of a high single-digits NOI growth. And I think you said today that it's running roughly in line with your expectations. Would it be correct to say that it's closing a little bit later than perhaps you had expected but that's being offset by better expectations on the NOI side?
Raymond Lewis: I think the NOI performance is right in line with what our expectations were as Debbie said. I think we're looking at NOI increases year-over-year in the first quarter on the order of 10% or so. So again, in that high single-digits range, occupancy is up, rates are up. The redevelopment communities are performing well, I would say on track, and several of them performing well ahead of what we had forecasted. So as Debbie alluded to the NOI builds through the year, and so I think we're still very well within the range that we had projected even with the slight delay in the closing.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great, thanks. Same question, just relates to the recent announcement by the CMS on the reimbursement changes potentially affecting skilled nursing. Can you just comment on what you think might be the effect on your skilled nursing portfolio and your 1.8x coverage there today?
Debra Cafaro: Happy to talk about that. Just for those of you who haven't heard, CMS has proposed of an A and a B reimbursement scheme for fiscal year '12 for the nursing homes, one of which is up over 1% and one of it -- one of which contains the potential reduction of about 11%. Couple important things to note. I mean we have very deliberately been positioning our portfolio to increase our private pay as we are in what we believe is a generally cyclical high in Medicare reimbursements for skilled nursing assets. And I think that's an important aspect of our strategy. Most of our sniffs are with Kindred who, as Ray mentioned, corporately has a very strong balance sheet and the corporate coverage of pro forma after the RehabCare acquisition is about 2x EBITDAR to rent at the corporate level. And so if there was any change in reimbursement for the skilled nursing portfolio, let's say in the 0% to 10% reduction range, we would still have fantastic corporate coverage of our Kindred leases and a 5% cut, frankly, just at nursing home level, changes coverage on the Kindred overall leases by, call it, 15 basis points, something like that. So we're in a great position. These are seasoned leases that Kindred's been growing EBITDAR in over a long period of time, really, since 2001. And so that's the beauty of really being in this protected position with a great tenant.
Raymond Lewis: And it's important to note that what Debbie is talking about there assumes no mitigation on the part of the operator. So those are just sort of the gross numbers.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, just a big whack off the top that falls to the bottom line, which, again, we're in a luxurious position of taking a wait-and-see approach towards the rule because we are in such a protected position with Kindred's success.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So a couple of things, just back at NHP. I was curious if, I guess one of 2 things, either you have a sense of how much say, $800 million of additional investments, I assume finance totally on the debt side, benefits sort of the implied return or alternatively, if we're going to try -- if you can't give me that number, I just want to ask some questions about how we should think about it.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, again, Jerry, when we announced and underwrote the deal, we did assume that NHP did maybe $0.5 billion or so of acquisitions this year. They're ahead of that. We are assuming they're 100% debt-financed because again given the flexibility in both of our balance sheets, that's perfectly -- we still would have tremendous credit statistics. And our long-term cost to debt between the 2 companies for 10 years right now is probably about 5%, if that helps.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay. And so when you gave out initial sort of yield numbers, I don't know if you did that specifically or not, you were assuming the $500 million, what -- how did you sort of think about the return on that investment when you started?
Debra Cafaro: I mean we assumed the blended rate would be between 8% and 8.5%, which is -- it's about 8%.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay. And just on the CMS thing, just to follow up. So the NHP side of that, anything we should be worrying about on that side of the portfolio?
Raymond Lewis: No.
Debra Cafaro: No.
Raymond Lewis: No. Jerry, we did the same analysis on that side that we did on our own portfolio. Again, taking a big whack at the Medicare revenues across the board, if you were to hit them 10% or so, your DARM coverages -- EBITDARM coverages would be down about 15 basis points from the 2x roughly where they are right now, 2.25x where they are right now.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I thought the NHP coverage was about 1.9%. Just what they just put out.
Raymond Lewis: Well on the EBITDARM side.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay. Before management fee. Okay, okay. And just, Debbie, you had -- previously talked about doing acquisitions with Atria but I haven't really heard you put Sunrise so much in that same bucket before. When you talk about Sunrise, you come at buying out more maybe joint ventures that they have or are you talking about new acquisitions that they might be making  with you?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think -- we think that Sunrise and Atria are fantastic high-quality operators, and we would be pleased to grow frankly with both of them on the senior housing operating side. And one of the benefits of the NHP acquisition is that it really creates capacity for us to continue to do so. And so I could see -- Mark [Mark Ordan] has -- Mark and Sunrise have been so successful at raising money and really turning the company around that they may not need us. They may do everything on balance sheet, but we would hope that if appropriate opportunities presented themselves, that we could potentially do some more business with Sunrise as well as Atria.
Raymond Lewis: And, Jerry, I just want to go back to that last question because I did misspeak. It would be 15 basis points on a 5% cut, 30 basis points on a 10% cut. So I just want to clarify that.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay. Last thing, just on acquisitions. Are there new sectors that you might look at like life science and that sort of thing or when you talk about across the spectrum, thinking about the current buckets that you're in?
Raymond Lewis: We said all along, Jerry, I think that we're interested in continuing to grow and diversify our portfolio into new spaces and adjacent spaces where they make sense. The life sciences area is a great area. We're not invested in that right now. If we found the right platform opportunity or partnership opportunity with an experienced player in that space, it's definitely something we would pursue and be interested in. We think we've got a lot of runway in the areas that we're playing in right now. Certainly, the seniors housing space is growing and is still highly fragmented. Same with the medical office building space. So with our regional originations capabilities that are coming along with NHP and our large transactions capabilities, we've got plenty of growth opportunity in what we're doing right now. But if we can find the right opportunity in another space with the right partner or the right platform, we would absolutely look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Milam with Sandler O'Neill.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: My first question, can you just talk a little bit as you approach the Atria closing, how you're thinking about the debt refis there. Are you still thinking about doing secured, to refi some of that secured debt, and what would be the timing be on something like that if that's what you did?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean we've essentially pre-funded Atria other than a small amount of secured debt that we'll be paying off at the closing, which is maybe a couple hundred million dollars, and that really we would expect to put on our revolver in the near-term and ultimately again given -- depending on what the bond market looks like, we would consider taking out longer-term with the fixed rate paper. So we've done most of that work already with the $300 million that we paid down in early March, and there's a little bit more that we would expect to pay off at the closing.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: So are you assuming some secured debt when that closes or you're...
Debra Cafaro: Yes, definite -- Yes, I'm sorry, we've announced -- there was originally about $1.3 billion of secured debt and we'll be paying down. We'll be assuming most of it and paying down a little bit of it.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay, thanks. My second question is on the MOB portfolio. The first thing, it looks like even though NOI was off the margin decline a little bit, I wondered if that is just -- if that's just sort of normal variance or if there was something else going on there? And then, also, could you give us a little color on the non-stabilized part of that portfolio and what you think as occupancy catches up that can contribute in terms of NOI?
Raymond Lewis: Well, with respect to the margin question, it's really -- we acquired 5 additional properties at the end of 2010. So this is the first quarter they're reflected which have gross leases which are lower margin properties, so that's really the bulk of the impact on the margin. And then with respect to the pre-stabilized assets, I'll let my colleague, Todd Lillibridge, talk a little bit about what we're seeing on the leasing front.
Todd Lillibridge: Yes, we -- on the leasing front, really, to take out the portfolio, both consolidated and -- consolidated first, we're still enjoying a robust occupancy on our stable consolidated, a little over 94%, and we see that continuing throughout the year. With respect to integrating in our lease ups, we're about 91%, headed towards about 92% for the year. With regard to our unconsolidated portfolio, we're about 85%. And actually, we're getting a fair amount of leasing in that portfolio as well. We have about 275,000-some-odd leasing activity for the first quarter, of about 70% of that are leases that have actually been signed or offered signature. So we see an uptick in the leasing activity here in the last 6 months, but we've also deployed a very aggressive leasing program that we launched at the end of last year. We're starting to see some of the fruits of that as we push forward. So we think we're going to see some pickup in our unconsolidated and our NOIs over the course of the year.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. I guess my question, just looking at the supplemental, the non-stabilized consolidated MOBs for the first quarter, the occupancy, is that a 74% on fixed assets?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. Is that what, Todd, you were talking about or...
Todd Lillibridge: Yes, what do we have -- those are our 6 lease ups. And then we have our consolidateds with EBITDARM.
James Milam - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay, thank you. Just my last question quickly. Can you guys just give us a little guidance on the Medicare debt repayment? Is there a gain associated with that, that you're including in your guidance?
Debra Cafaro: I can do that. We were -- we had a first mortgage position in the Medicare debt of about $112 million. We were repaid on that in April. We will receive a gain on that in the second quarter, but all of that gain is essentially just moving what was already in our full year projections into the second quarter. So it was already in our projections sort of over the balance of the year, it will all be lumped into one quarter instead of the balance of the year. So that's just a timing difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First of all, I just want to know if someone's going to get Walter's bed or are you going to turning that into a memorial?
Debra Cafaro: Well, for those of you who don't know about Walter [Walter Breuning], we had the honor of having the world's oldest man and a very fine gentleman living in one of our communities in Montana. And he recently passed away after an incredible life. And so that was why they reported in the press, and we miss him. So...
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It was a great story. I just didn't want it to go unnoticed...
Debra Cafaro: I agree. I agree. We should all have such a great life.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Now that I've loosened you up a little bit. I'm curious in terms of guidance why Atria is in there and NHP is not.
Debra Cafaro: Well, because we're going to up -- as we said when we announced the deal, we're going to update you on NHP guidance, and full company guidance, obviously, after we close Atria and as we get closer to the NHP closing, so we know more about timing and other puts and takes in the transaction. But we did announce what we think is 2-ish percent annualized accretion. And as we refine all of the projections, we will come out to you with the full company guidance on a total $23 billion enterprise kind of basis.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And reading through the background of the transaction, which was, as expected, a lot of back-and-forth, can you say if company A and company B, as they're described in the documentation, are restricted from getting re-involved in NHP because of the exclusivities that were involved?
Debra Cafaro: Well, what I can tell you is that we are -- it is interesting reading, we did very thorough diligence and NHP conducted a very robust process. And we're looking forward to closing the merger as soon as we can on the terms that we've announced.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Can I -- just turning to your pro forma 70% of the portfolio being private pay, can you define that for me? Did that include all of Medical Office, for example? How did you calculate 70%?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and in fact, as we talked about before, Rich, if you really look through the portfolio, it's probably more than that. And I'll explain why. We calculated very simply, which is to say we take out the LPAC [ph] and we take out the skilled nursing NOI. Now as you know and I know, there is a significant portion of both LPAC and the post-acute underlying of EBITDAR that is also from kind of managed care and private pay sources. And if we included that as private pay, the 70% would actually go higher. But it's basically our whole portfolio minus sniffs in LPAC, which I think is a rough but fair way to present the private pay.
Raymond Lewis: And that will include the count for about 11% of that, Rich, just to sort of put a finer point on it.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, thank you. And then my last question is on the prospects for future transaction activity. I know, obviously, you and others have been very visible and very active. And understanding that you still have balance sheet room to continue the process of going out and looking for deals, can you comment on what may be viewed as the diminishing returns of getting bigger as an organization, and why not let the portfolio kind of grow from this level once you close NHP and Atria? And why you think getting you even bigger from that point may still be a reasonable direction to go?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think -- a couple of reasons. There are times in the external environment and in a company's life where you are in the right quadrant to grow. I am a big believer in sort of looking forward to the external environment and as you know sort of hitting the balls that are thrown to you. And right now, I think there is a great confluence of factors that get Ventas in the right quadrant and give us a lot of opportunities to grow. And they start really with the fact that this is a very large fragmented market that's undergoing a lot of change. And it's a very dynamic market, a lot of consolidation. The -- and that generally creates opportunities. There is attractive access to get capital. As I mentioned, you know, if you can do a 10-year bond deal at 5%, that's historically very attractive capital. And it's our job to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves to us and then change as and when market conditions change. And right now, we're in the quadrant where there are opportunities that will create value for share holders as we build the enterprise. And while that environment exists, it's our obligation, I would argue, to work as hard as we can for shareholders in that environment to get the best opportunities to build long-term value. And that's what we're doing, and that's why we're working so hard right now to move forward. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just kind of couple of Sunrise questions. First of all, occupancy declined sequentially Q4 to Q1. Should I just chalk that up to normal seasonal move-out activity?
Raymond Lewis: Yes, I think that's right, Rob.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Nothing unusually soft?
Raymond Lewis: No.
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think it's consistent with or better industry trends than as reported by now.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And then the other question, can you just remind, I forget this, Sunrise, is their pricings done on renewal or on January 1, typically?
Raymond Lewis: It's a mixture of both, Rob. So about 75% of the portfolio is on a annual basis in January and the balance is on the anniversary of the lease term.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. So you had a nice bump I noticed in the ADR from Q4 to Q1. There all will still trickle higher, all things being equal through the rest of the year?
Raymond Lewis: Well, yes, I think due to a couple of things, one as the anniversary is renewed and then also to the extent that we have some markets where the properties are pretty full. We can start to hopefully push some street rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino with Barclays Capital.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to get your thoughts, given your long relationship with the Kindred sniffs and the potential if these cuts from seeing us do go through for 12 and we get kind of passed this. There's sort of repricing from both Medicare and even Medicaid. Does this kind of provide you with an opportunity to kind of make some acquisitions maybe on a higher queue with this sniffs facilities? And if this would kind of change your view with sniffs going forward?
Debra Cafaro: That's an astute question I would say. We do believe that skilled nursing assets are good assets and particularly the kind of assets that Kindred and some other quality operators operate in the post-acute stage. So we've continued to say that sniffs are low-cost providers and with good operators and the right structure, the right pricing the right capital structure position, yet we're happy to be an owner. And I think that what we -- and this is partly based on our history as you say that goes back to the balanced budget act when we started with Kindred and we were 100% government-reimbursed asset, is that we tend to rightly or wrongly shy away from investing when we believe, again, rightly or wrongly, that you're at a cyclical high in reimbursement rates. And so as this new repricing and sort of resetting the bar comes about for good quality skilled nursing assets, we certainly would consider investing in them at the right price, right structure, right operator, et cetera, without losing our focus on continuing to have a diversified balanced portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cooney with KBW.
Daniel Cooney - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: If we could just kind of go back to the Sunrise margins, it looks like they expanded about 80 basis points on a same-store basis. What would the margin change have been if you kind of adjusted to exclude the management fee structure change? I guess maybe a better way is if you kind of exclude management fees, what was maybe the increase in property level operating expenses?
Raymond Lewis: Dan, I think that margins would have been I think relatively flat with the exclusion of the management fees.
Daniel Cooney - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just one more question, if you can maybe update us on your kind of longer-term plans for the Hearthstone portfolio, maybe just in terms of executing the right to terminate that lease? Just -- if there's any update there.
Raymond Lewis: No, Dan. We've been down in Houston meeting with Hearthstone, getting the lay of the land, understanding what the challenges and opportunities are in that portfolio. We want to be thoughtful about how we approach the situation and make sure that before we make any decisions about what we want to do with the portfolio, have a clear understanding of not only the challenges across the business level but at the asset level. And so we're doing a lot of work on that front right now. And I think any other thoughts or commentary would be premature. But we're assessing the situation. And it's a stable situation and now the question is how do we drive value through the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Truxillo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Obviously, you guys have a lot of moving parts in your balance sheet right and I just have a few questions about some of those parts and in your financial policy in general. I appreciate the comments on refinancing some of that Atria secured debt and financing NHP acquisition with pipeline with debt as well. NHP also has some near-term maturities and borrowings under its credit facility. Can you talk about what your plans for that debt?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, look, here's -- I just want -- here's the key takeaway. The combination of Ventas, Atria and NHP is an incredible credit-positive for Ventas. It does -- and both Atria and NHP are being done in the most balance sheet-friendly fashion. And so we're more diversified. We have a terrific balance sheet, and we really don't have any sort of near-term funding risks. I think to your specific point, we would expect to do kind of debt-for-debt replacement on the NHP front, and they are very, very low leverage. They have virtually no secured debt whatsoever. So putting these 3 pieces together work beautifully. And on a pro forma basis with all 3 of them, the credit stats, which we've kind of published, are still the kind of credit stats that should get us an upgrade, which is again why I think the rating agencies have all indicated positive momentum toward improved ratings. And we'll be happy to talk you about the specifics off-line.
Thomas Truxillo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I appreciate the color. Just real quickly on the rating agencies and the upgrades. Given your increased scale and diversification that these acquisitions get you and that strong balance sheet, the strongest in the sector that you've talked about, do you have any sense of how high in that scale you could get and where you would want to be?

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond Lewis - President David Smith - SVP and CFO Debra Cafaro - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Investment Committee and Member of Executive Committee Richard Schweinhart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Cooney - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Angela, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to turn the conference over to your initial host for today, Mr. David Smith, Manager, Investor Relations & Capital Markets. Please proceed, sir.
David Smith: Good morning, and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today, regarding its results for the year and quarter ended December 31, 2010.  As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events.  The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied.  We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC, for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only, and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and it's most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com.  I'll now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning, to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to Ventas' 2010 year-end earnings call. Today, I'd like to provide a brief recap of our 2010 activity and 2011 outlook, including our excellent fourth quarter results. After that, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and investments; and Rich Schweinhart will provide detailed financial results for the year and quarter ended. After the remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.  Ventas had a highly successful 2010. We effectively used our cost of capital advantages to execute our strategic growth and diversification plan and announced nearly $4 billion of acquisition. Moreover, our diversified portfolio of over 600 assets continued its track record of strong operating performance.  Here are some of the highlights for Ventas of the year. We earned normalized FFO per share of $2.88, a year-over-year increase of 7.5% despite having 3% more shares outstanding in 2010. Total NOI grew 11% in the year. We delivered excellent shareholder return of 25.4% and our 10-year total shareholder return exceeds 1,500%. Our goal is to deliver consistent, superior total returns to shareholders derived from growth and cash flow and dividends from high-quality healthcare and senior housing assets, external growth and superior risk management.  We announced nearly $4 billion of acquisitions during the year, including three significant and highly strategic transactions I'd like to call out. First, our $381 million acquisition of Lillibridge Healthcare Services and 96 medical office buildings, which closed midyear, created the nation's leading fully integrated MOB and outpatient company.  Second, our $3.1 billion announced acquisition of 118 high-quality private pay senior living community in premier locations from Atria Senior Living will make Ventas the largest owner of seniors housing in the United States, having a $15 billion enterprise value when complete. That Atria acquisition will be our sixth consolidating entity level purchase since 2004.  And last but not least, we completed our very attractive, $186-million acquisition from Sunrise Senior Living of all of its real estate interest in our Sunrise communities in December. Ventas now owns 100% of all 79 of our best-in-class, need-driven assisted-living mansions managed by Sunrise. We achieved an attractive double-digit unlevered return and at the same time, provided capital to our partner, Sunrise, so it could expand its business and begin to re-establish itself as the leading global brand in seniors housing.  During the year, we also issued $600 million of unsecured debt at an average rate of 3.4%. This includes our highly successful inaugural investment-grade bond offering totaling $400 million, price to yield 3.23% in November, achieving the lowest five-year REIT bond coupon outstanding. Our cash flow from operations increased 6% in 2010. Same-store property NOI from our diversified portfolio of highly productive healthcare and senior housing assets also grew 6% in 2010.  We received an investment grade rating from Moody's early in the year and now maintained investment grade ratings on our corporate unsecured debt from all three nationally recognized rating agencies. We ended the year with excellent financial strength and flexibility with 26% debt-to-enterprise value and liquidity of $1 billion.  And importantly, we made positive changes and additions to our long tenured and cohesive management team, including the recent promotion of Ray Lewis to President; the addition of John Cobb as our Chief Investment Officer; and the combination with Todd Lillibridge, who is now leading our Medical Office Building business. So as you can see, the Ventas team was active on multiple fronts during 2010, all with a continuing objective of delivering superior risk-adjusted returns for years to come. We have also begun 2011 on a positive note, with the announcement today that our Board of Directors has approved a 7.5% increase in our dividends to an annualized level of $2.30 per share. This significant step up in our dividend continues our long-term track record of providing above-average dividend growth to our shareholders. We believe that a strong secured cash dividend is an important part of the total value proposition we offer to shareholders, and we are pleased to continue sharing our growing cash flows with you.  Turning to our guidance for 2011. Remember that we forecast earnings without the benefit of additional unannounced acquisitions. We expect our 2011 normalized FFO per share to range between $3.06 and $3.14 per share. At the midpoint, this would equal year-over-year normalized FFO per share growth of 7.5%.  We are excited and on track to complete our acquisition of the 118 high-quality Atria assets, which should occur in the first half of 2011. The assets will continue to be managed by Atria following the closing. Atria is currently the fourth largest operator of assisted-living in the United States with an experienced and highly focused management team, a robust reporting and regulatory infrastructure and a long record of providing premier care to over 13,000 seniors.  This deal, focused in major Metropolitan markets on the coast, capitalizes on the positive trends occurring in the senior housing industry. We believe the Atria assets will generate above-average growth, and our purchase price represents an attractive entry point of $230,000 per unit. We are also looking forward to growing with Atria, post closing.  When the Atria acquisition is completed, our highly productive portfolio with healthcare and senior housing assets will be diversified with no tenant or operator, accounting for more than 28% of our annualized NOI and a terrific balance between operating senior housing communities with above-average growth potential and secure growing rents from our triple-net leased assets. We truly believe that our Sunrise and Atria communities should command a multi-family valuation because of their quality, their location and barrier to entry market and favorable supply demand fundamentals in senior housing.  We are very enthusiastic about our future and believe we are well positioned to achieve another decade of excellence. Going forward, we intend to remain at the forefront of delivering returns to shareholders through superior internal growth, outstanding and value-creating external growth and rigorous risk management.  With that overview, I'd like to turn the call over to Ray Lewis.
Raymond Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. Ventas' diversified portfolio of over 600 high-quality, seniors housing, medical office and post-acute properties performed exceptionally well during 2010 and delivered same-store cash flow growth to Ventas of 6% over 2009.  Ventas' triple-net lease portfolio, which accounted for 67% of our annualized fourth quarter NOI, delivered same-store cash NOI growth of 2.7% for 2010 over 2009. Cash flow coverage for the third quarter of 2010, the latest available, were stable versus second quarter at a solid 1.7x. This portfolio of pooled, multi-facility Master Leases of senior housing, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals also enjoys credit and structural support. This portfolio provides Ventas with steady and reliable cash flow growth through contractual rent increases.  For 2011, we expect same-store cash flow growth in our triple-net portfolio to exceed 2.5%. Our largest tenant, Kindred, which currently accounts for 35% of Ventas' NOI, continues to solidify its position as the leading provider of post-acute care in the United States, with its announcement last week that it would acquire RehabCare Group for $1.3 billion. Pro forma, the combined company will have a market capitalization exceeding $1 billion and annual revenues of over $6 billion. It will also be the nation's number one operator of long-term acute care hospitals, the number one operator of in-patient rehab facilities, the number one skilled nursing contract rehab provider and the number four operator of skilled nursing and rehab centers. The combined entity will also have a superior quality mix of 80%, deriving only 20% of its total revenues from Medicaid program and conservative leverage at 4.5x projected net debt to EBITDA.  Our pooled multi-facility, Master Leases with Kindred continue to have excellent cash flow coverage at 2x and provide Ventas with strong and reliable contractual cash flow growth. Kindred's announced transaction will further solidify the safety and reliability of these Kindred cash flows as Kindred increases its scale, access to capital and clinical expertise to thrive in an ever changing healthcare environment.  Ventas' senior housing operating portfolio, which totaled 22% of the company's fourth quarter annualized NOI, is comprised of 79 need-driven, high-quality, mansion-style assisted-living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living. As you recall, in the third quarter, this portfolio experienced a 110 basis point sequential increase in occupancy, the largest sequential increase in occupancy since Ventas purchased the portfolio in 2007. These positive occupancy trends continued in the fourth quarter with stabilized occupancy up 60 basis points from 89.5% in the third quarter to 90.1% in the fourth quarter.  Ventas' Sunrise portfolio also continues to perform exceptionally well compared to industry statistics. Data from NYX showed that average seniors housing occupancy increased 10 basis points from the second quarter to the fourth quarter of 2010, while our Sunrise portfolio experienced 180 basis point increase in occupancy during the same period. We have hypothesized in the past that this high-quality portfolio located in high-barriered entry major Metropolitan markets was well-positioned to outperform in an economic recovery and it seems that 2010 has validated this thesis.  Our only Sunrise lease of asset, a 229-unit independent living community in Toronto, known as Steeles, continued its strong momentum as well during the fourth quarter. Average resident occupancy at Steeles improved to 95.4% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 870 basis points from the third quarter. We are pleased that we will be adding this asset to the stabilize pool for the first quarter of 2011.  These positive occupancy trends in the portfolio translated into exceptional NOI result for these 79 communities. 2010 NOI was $154.3 million, slightly better than the high end of our guidance range of $150 million to $154 million and equaling year-over-year NOI growth of 18%. Excluding the positive effects of $5 million in cash payments received by Ventas in 2010 for expense overages, NOI was up 14% compared to 2009.  Sunrise also continues to make significant progress towards re-establishing the company as the leading global brand of seniors housing, and we are pleased with their continued focus on the operations of our communities. The management team has also worked hard to put the company back on solid financial footing. I'm sure many of you saw the announcement in December of the new joint venture to purchase 29 assisted-living communities. This represents the first major investment in Sunrise asset by a new capital partner in several years and is a major milestone in Sunrise's road to financial recovery.  Turning to 2011 NOI guidance for our Sunrise communities, we expect the NOI to range between $152 million and $157 million, the midpoint of the range equals 3.5% growth over $149.3 million in core Sunrise results in 2010. This guidance assumes a rate of growth of about $4 per day in rate, an increase in average resident occupancy of approximately 140 basis points in stable margins.  Our portfolio of 158 medical office buildings, covering 8.8 million square feet in 20 states and the District of Columbia accounted for 9% of the company's annualized NOI. We added to our MOB portfolio in December, when we announced the acquisition of five Class A, on-campus MOBs affiliated with the A-rated ThedaCare health system located in Wisconsin. Importantly, this represented our first acquisition under the combined Ventas and Lillibridge umbrella, so the powerful combination of our two firms, Ventas' strong balance sheet, access to capital and investment team and Lillibridge's brand, experience and history with highly rated hospitals and health systems is resonating in the marketplace.  Focusing on the fourth quarter performance, our stabilized consolidated portfolio of 63 MOBs achieved NOI of $12.9 million, with occupancies approaching 95% and margins exceeding 66%. For all of 2010, we also continued to realize high tenant retention rates in the portfolio of 85%.  Our Lillibridge portfolio, which we acquired at the beginning of the third quarter delivered solid results, slightly exceeding our underwritten projections. Second half 2010 NOI represented an annualized yield on investment of more than 8.25%, and our EBITDA purchase multiple for the full business was under 14x.  In addition, we completed the integration of the Lillibridge platform during the third quarter. Todd Lillibridge and his team worked very hard to ensure a smooth transition, and they have been an excellent addition to the Ventas roster. In sum, we are quite pleased with the initial performance of this portfolio and the value of the Lillibridge platform.  For 2011, we expect our total MOB portfolio to provide stable performance. Our highly scalable platform should continue to provide attractive acquisition and development opportunities for Ventas, and we look forward to providing you with continued positive news in the quarters ahead.  Before I turn to the acquisitions environment, I'd like to spend a moment updating you on our acquisition of Atria, which is proceeding according to plan. When we announced the transaction, we said we expected Atria NOI to range between $186 million and $196 million, and we continue to expect that performance from the portfolio. During the fourth quarter of 2010, the Atria communities continued to trend positively, with gains in both occupancy and rate, consistent with our expectations.  With respect to the investment environment, 2010 was a banner year for investments by the healthcare REIT. Many factors contributed to this record performance, including capital access and liquidity advantages for public REITs over private buyers, positive investment spread over our cost of capital and private equity funds, monetizing their healthcare assets to create liquidity for their investors. As we look forward into 2011, we see many of these trends continuing and perhaps even accelerating as private equity funds seek liquidity and operators continue to partner with REITs to access capital, drive consolidation and achieve scale. Across all of our property types, seniors housing, skilled nursing, and to a lesser extent, MOBs, there are a number of unaffiliated regional operators that we will be looking to align with REIT capital or sell to strategic buyers. Our sector-leading multiple and investment-grade balance sheet position us well to compete, and we expect to get our share of attractive investments in 2011.  With that, I will turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart to discuss our financial results.
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The highlights of the fourth quarter are that we acquired Sunrise's non-controlling interest in 58 of our 79 senior housing communities for $41.5 million; called and repaid the remaining $72 million on our 6 5/8 senior notes due 2014; issued $400 million of new 3 1/8 five-year investment-grade senior notes; purchased five medical office buildings for approximately $37 million; sold one senior living community for $33 million, with a $19.8 million gain; collected $14 million on a mortgage note; repaid over $112 million of mortgages and consolidated operating income was up from last year's fourth quarter and also increased compared to the third.  We continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. At December 31, our cash balance was $22 million, and we had $40 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. Our credit stats remained excellent with net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA at 4.2x and our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 3x. Our December 31, 2010, debt-to-enterprise value is 26%.  Fourth quarter 2010 normalized FFO was $0.77 per diluted share, an increase of 15% compared to fourth quarter of 2009. Normalized FFO was $121.4 million compared to last year's fourth quarter of $104.8 million. Normalized FFO excludes merger-related expenses and deal cost, totaling $7.6 million in the quarter, a gain on the sale of a senior housing community of $19.8 million, the loss on extinguishment of debt of $3.2 million and non-cash income tax expense.  During the quarter, we modified our management agreements with respect to all 79 communities managed by Sunrise. The modifications included a reduction in the 2010 management fee to 3.5% for the period April 1 through December 31, 2010. The modification also limited certain shared cost charge to the communities. The total savings in the fourth quarter was $7.2 million, of which, $5 million is attributable to prior quarters in 2010.  Fourth quarter normalized FFO increased from last year's fourth quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios: Triple-net, Sunrise-managed and Medical Office Buildings. Triple-net Lease revenues grew to $118.2 million from $115.9 million last year, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise-managed NOI increased 28% to $42.6 million this quarter from $33.1 million last year. Excluding the management fee and shared cost adjustments that pertain to previous 2010 quarters, NOI increased 13% to $37.6 million.  Due to the Lillibridge acquisition on July 1 of this year, fourth quarter Medical Office Property group NOI grew to $18.5 million from $6.7 million last year, including $1.4 million in unconsolidated joint ventures. Sequentially, MOB NOI improved in the fourth quarter compared to $18.2 million in the third quarter.  Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at $158.2 million increased 1% over fourth quarter of last year and remained fairly flat versus $157.9 million in the third. Since year-end, we issued 5.6 million shares of common stock at $53.93 per share, raising $300 million.  Full year 2010 normalized FFO was $2.88 per diluted share, an increase of 7.5% compared to 2009. Normalized FFO grew 11% to $453.5 million from $409 million in 2009.  Triple-net lease revenues grew to $470 million from $461 million last year, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise-managed NOI increased 18% to $154 million this year from $131 million last year. Excluding $5 million in cash payments from Sunrise in the second and third quarters for our expense overages, Sunrise-managed NOI increased 14%. Due to the Lillibridge acquisition on July 1 of this year, Medical Office Properties group NOI grew to $53 million, including $3 million in unconsolidated joint ventures from $23 million last year. Weighted average shares outstanding for the year at $157.7 million increased 3% over last year.  We are initiating our 2011 normalize FFO per diluted share guidance at $3.06 to $3.14. This reflects our Lillibridge acquisition, the Atria acquisition, the positive trends in our Sunrise portfolio and a 3.75% Sunrise management fee.  At the midpoint of our 2011 normalized FFO per share guidance we've achieved would represent 7.5% growth. This positive trend is indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows that our diversified, high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumptions for our 2011 normalized FFO per share guidance is that total Sunrise NOI for our 79 assets ranges from $152 million to $157 million. Our guidance includes the acquisition of Atria Senior Living, with an assumed closing date in the first half of 2011, but does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity, deal cost, capital transactions, losses on extinguishment of debt, FX gains and losses, non-cash market-to-market derivative income and expense, non-cash income tax expense or benefit or litigation expenses or proceeds. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: I'm here with Quentin Velleley. Debbie, I just want to go in terms of creating this high-quality diverse productive portfolio of healthcare, real estate assets. Post Atria, the portfolio by property types can be about 60% senior housing, about 21% skilled nursing, just over 10% hospitals, and the remaining the medical office, and about half is going to be triple-net lease and 40% will be senior housing. I guess as you think about the potential for transaction activity this year and into the future, where do you want to take that mix of both in terms of pipe and business model?
Debra Cafaro: I guess you've been listening with the whole diverse high-quality productive portfolios, senior housing and healthcare assets, because what we're trying to do in order to deliver total return, as you know, we want to deliver good consistent internal growth, powerful, external growth and then manage risk. And the diversification, really, is part of both of those sides to the equation. So you're right with all your statistics in terms of what we look like pro forma for Atria, we're very excited that 60% of our cash flows are going to be coming from high-end private pay seniors housing. At a good point, we believe in the economic recovery and the cycle. As we look forward, I think you will continue to see us grow, and when we look at diversification, we're looking by tenant operator, by geography, by revenue and payor source et cetera, and by operating model, i.e. triple-net lease versus higher growth management kind of deals. So I think you'll see us really invest across the spectrum. I think you'll see us continue to be willing to invest selectively, very selectively, in high-quality post-acute assets. But I think you'll see more of our activities on the seniors housing and medical office building front. And those will be on seniors housing, I think some combination of operating and triple-net lease.
Raymond Lewis: Michael this is Ray. I'd just add to Debbie's comments by saying, I think, right now, in the marketplace, we're seeing the most activity in the seniors housing space and to a little bit lesser extent in the skilled nursing area. I think as we look at sort of trends in the medical office building sector and the consolidation that's really starting to ramp up on the hospital side, we could start to see that business accelerate as the year plays out. So I think our three asset classes should provide us with opportunities in sufficient quantity to be very active.
Debra Cafaro: The truth is that in senior housing and in post-acute and in medial office, there's a tremendous dynamism that's going on from integration, consolidation among operators and providers, changing investment rules with REIT. And this is probably the most dynamic sector, really, within real estate, which is exciting for us, because I think it creates opportunities to expand and to create value for stakeholders.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: You talked about a little bit about -- you mentioned Kindred a little bit on the call. And I guess, if you look at the hospital portfolio and you look at the skilled part, both of the occupancies have been trending down, Covell just gotten a little bit weaker, not materially but probably on the other end of where you'd like to see it. And as you think about 2013, which is the next big renewal that they have, and I know there's still a year for them to provide that notice. But I guess, how are those discussions going? And how do you think about the portfolio on that side?
Debra Cafaro: One thing I would say is that Kindred is really continuing to improve, and as we've predicted, I think, be really a winner in the sort of post-acute phase, as we look forward towards healthcare reform and just changing landscape as it always is in healthcare. So we're very happy for them, and we're happy for us as well. We have really the best structure with our pooled multi-facility Master Leases, the best core property level EBITDAR coverage in the nursing home and hospital sector. With the 4% management fee, I think, it's probably about 1.6x EBITDAR coverage. We've got a great quality mix with 70% of the revenue at the asset level coming from Medicare and private pay. So we really like this portfolio. I think as rents go up, and in the past the trailing 12 months we've seen sort of cost containment measures, and so that accounts for some of the modest erosion in coverages. I think, you know that our coverages are always a quarter lagging, because that's when we get the information. And Kindred and the other operators have had a tremendous fourth quarter lead by RUGs-IV among other things. And so I think you'll see that really improve as we incorporate property level fourth quarter results, when we talk to you in the first quarter. So we feel very good about that. I think, Kindred is continuing to invest a tremendous amount of CapEx in the building. We're in frequent communication with them on doing more things together. And so I feel good that because the assets are very profitable to Kindred that we're in a great spot as we look forward with them.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: It's Quentin here. Just a quick question on Sunrise. If you look at the fourth quarter annualized NOI out of Sunrise's, I think, it's about $155 million, which would be at the midpoint of the guidance range that you gave for 2011, and if you think about increasing rates and increasing occupancy and then a full year of the lower management fee, I would've thought that the guidance range would be higher than that. So I'm just wondering what other drivers there are there that we might be missing.
Debra Cafaro: I think, one thing that you may be missing is -- and we're trying to point it out, but it's a little bit complicated. We redid our management contract with Sunrise in December, and there was a retroactive expense reduction in the fourth quarter. And Rick talked about a little bit, that the fourth quarter benefited from about $5 million of reduction in expenses that, really, is in 2010 but for the previous period, and so what I would do if I were you in terms of looking at annualizing the fourth, I would take that out of -- I'd take that out and then annualize. Look, as we've said, if you take the -- also, this is even more confusing, but still important. We also got $5 million cash payments in the second and third quarters of 2010 for prior years. And if you take that out as the full year of 2010, the midpoint of our guidance for 2011 is 3.5%. So if we end up in the top half of our 2011 guidance, I think, you're looking at 3.5% to 5%-ish growth in NOI, which we think is good.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel, Nicholas.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Debbie, just to maybe follow-up on that same item. The margin, which was $37.5, all of those extra payments are basically in as expenses and the adjustments, so the actual margin is lower than as well?
Raymond Lewis: Yes.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: In terms of just actual margin performance on the portfolio, sort of net of all that stuff, and I haven't done all those calculation today. Are we seeing any issues on the core expense side, separate from all of your kind of adjustments with them?
Raymond Lewis: I think when you back out the things that Debbie talked about, expenses have been pretty consistent and pretty stable, nothing unusual.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And can we get anything more on timing of Atria other than just first half, because, obviously, it makes a big difference one month or the other. I'm assuming there's some licensure issues, and that's a thing you can't fully control. But was it closer to the beginning of the second quarter, late second quarter, any guidance you can give us?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, that, again, as you mentioned, there are no issues, but we're -- and it's proceeding according to plan, but we don't control the state licensing authorities or their timetable. And so we're just dependent on that, and we're pushing to close as early as possible and working at every day, every week with Atria. We feel confident about the first half, but I think, we'll just have to stick with that until we get a little bit more visibility from the licensing authorities, Jerry.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And in your guidance, is that a big variable, sort of in the range? What do you assume mid-second quarter?
Debra Cafaro: It does affect it. A month, does affect it $0.01 or so either way, so that's part of the explanation of the range.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: On senior housing, anything in terms of the proposed changes to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, that might change the availability capital and move cap rates and sort of similarly a Medicare, Medicaid, and anything you're thinking about. How do you think about that risk, as we go forward?
Debra Cafaro: Jerry, we bond over being policy wonk. But I would say on Freddie and Fannie, not clear still what is going to happen there. I think, they have committed to continuing to support multi-family, of which senior housing is a part. I would say, we support the presence of agencies within our sector. There are pros and cons, of course, to the agencies perhaps pulling back from the business. On the one hand, you'd have to get more conventional financing as someone who has great access to capital and the low cost of capital. I think that would be okay for us, and in fact, we've been trying to reduce our secured debt and going unsecured, because that is a positive financial impact for us and creates better financial flexibility. To the extent the operators rely on agencies financing as well, that could present opportunity for us to invest more capital through triple-net leases and other kinds of investments in seniors housing. All that said, I do think Freddie and Fannie support multi- and seniors housing in a positive way, and so there might be some interim disruption to valuations if they, in fact, totally exited. So I think, there could be positive and maybe some interim disruption if Freddie and Fannie decide to exit the sector. I think for now we're assuming they're going to continue to be an important participant in multi- and senior housing. Medicaid, was that the second part of the question?
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Medicare, yes.
Debra Cafaro: Medicare, Medicaid. Look, I mean, I think, you're seeing the positive impacts of RUGs-IV on the nursing home providers in the fourth quarter, which is good. I think, we always try to collar the good and the bad in terms of Medicare reimbursement. It's tends to stay in the range that is acceptable, but it kind of goes up and down every year. And we feel great about where our Kindred assets are. We're glad that there's a little positive lift from RUGs-IV. And I think Medicare, generally, is going to stay in a pretty acceptable range, as far as our position as the landlord and the assets that we have. And on the Medicaid front, I think, there's a little bit more question, which is why we feel good about having the 70% quality mix. But at the end of the day, it doesn't have a major impact. On our coverage, it's really one way or another. And we're sort of expecting Medicaid to be kind of negative one to positive one. So I think we're in great shape on that.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You and some of the other executives talked over the last couple of days. You've talked a lot about strategic opportunities and consolidations. And I guess, I was trying to get a little more color. I mean, are there big deals, mega deals out there, sort of like Atria, like Manor Care, or is it more kind of more smaller sort of roll ups? I mean, just a little bit -- any additional color you can sort of give us, what you're thinking about?
Raymond Lewis: Jerry, I think it's both. I mean, we're seeing some large opportunities that exist out there both in the seniors housing and the post-acute area. So I think there will continue to be some bigger transactions, some bigger fish to go after. And then we're seeing a fairly active pipeline of what I'll call middle-sized opportunities between say $300 million and $600 million portfolios. And then there's still a pretty consistent flow of smaller single and two- to three-property portfolios that continue to come in. So the positive trends in our industry, the availability of capital to the healthcare REITs has I think kept deal flow pretty strong across the board.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And just to clarify one thing, you specifically, also included sort of hospitals and sort of that list of potential strategic things when you talked earlier, Ray?
Raymond Lewis: Well, I think what I was suggesting was the trend towards consolidation in the hospital space could create opportunities for us to acquire hospital-related real estate, which in most circumstances, woudld be medical office building, but could also extend to the core hospital itself. I think that's a rarer circumstance, but certainly, could be an outcome of that trend.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Conor's on as well. Debbie, you mentioned the new investments, and obviously, your cost of capital advantage and the $4 billion of transactions, that you've either closed on or identified. Could you talk about just the return expectations as you look out to 2011? And how much of things changed in the last 12 months?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that, often, in real estate, the interest rate environment and other things do have an effect albeit lagging on kind of what sellers sell for and buyers buy for, and that's been a pretty immutable principle for a while. I would say that over last year and even over the last six months, there's been increased valuations, and that was partly why we were willing to really go hard after Atria, which we believe is a really high-end asset that we bought at attractive valuation. I think current market conditions are really proving that out, and so I think there has been a little bit of cap rate compression over the last even six months period of time. And we continue to try to look for good risk-adjusted, unlevered returns, kind of with an eye on our cost of capital with a conservative kind of capital structure.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And you mentioned, I think, Atria trending consistent with your views that you've identified. Could you talk about comparing the potential NOI growth of that portfolio versus the forecast you've issued for the year of 3.5%? I assume that's not part of...
Debra Cafaro: For example, compare and contrast kind of Sunrise and Atria?
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Exactly.
Raymond Lewis: Jay, the Atria portfolio and the Sunrise portfolio are a little bit different animals along several parameters. I think Atria is more of an independent living portfolio, Sunrise is more of an assisted-living portfolio. So they're sort of going through the recovery at different stages in the cycle. The need-driven assets tended to recover a little sooner than the Independent living assets, so the occupancies in Sunrise are higher than Atria's occupancies, which give Atria a little bit better growth potential. There are also, I think, different underlying drivers. One of the key benefits of our Atria portfolio is that they're in very high-end markets in coastal locations. There's an opportunity, as we talked about when we announced the transaction, to redevelop a number of these assets to really drive additional rate and occupancy growth above sort of normal industry standards. And I think when you couple those two factors together, you can get to a growth rate in Atria, that at least in the next couple of years, should pretty well outstrip our Sunrise growth rate.
Debra Cafaro: And again, remember that Atria has already redeveloped a number of these assets. They came on for a partial year, say in 2010, and so they'll really have high growth rates in '11. And then there were other assets, the eight that sort of just came on, that we should see higher growth rate in. So this is embedded kind of within the portfolio that we're acquiring.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then on the MOB side, can you talk about what sort of rent growth expectations you anticipate for those lease rolls?
Todd Lillibridge: This is Todd. Two fronts, one, I think, we see, given contractual rate increases in the 2% to 3% and I think we continue to see pressure on a new leasing, albeit given the marketplace around consolidation both in terms of the providers, as well as positions themselves. So again, I think we're going to see pressure around rent increases, but we've put a number of tactical elements in place to fort that activity. And we do have new leasing occurring, and so that on that end is very positive.
Debra Cafaro: I think it's a good stable asset class, and I think we'll be able to drive growth through the scalable platform, that's kind of the thesis on the investment.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just final question on the loan receivable from Manor Care, is there any expectation that gets repaid this year?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, definitely. I think, we've modeled that in as a receipt in the first half, assuming that the whole Manor Care debt piece gets paid off. And that's $112-ish million, I think.
Operator: And your next question, ladies and gentlemen, comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Ray, I want to make sure, on the Sunrise, if I heard you right. $4 a day, ADR, and did you say 140 basis points occupancy?
Raymond Lewis: Yes, that's right.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Is that occupancy number -- is that year end to year end or is that average over the year?
Raymond Lewis: That's an average over the average.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: What was the average for the year on the portfolio in 2010?
Raymond Lewis: It was 89.1%.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: So seen an increase from the fourth quarter levels?
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And then in terms of pricing, I know that it's been a little bit of a challenge in environment where occupancy has been sort of soft. Now that we're above 90%, where do you see the opportunities to maybe push price to something more on the 4%, 5% range?
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, we're very focused with Sunrise in going through our portfolio asset by asset and even unit by unit within each asset to identify which of the properties and which of the units are the most desirable to make sure that we're driving rates on those assets, and so that's a big focus of our asset management team this year. We're hopeful that we can drive above market rate increases in those assets. But remember that the portfolio, as a whole, is coming out of the recession, and as we do that, there will be some residents that have been in for a long time, whose rates have escalated quite a bit that will be rolling off, and we'll be picking up new residents coming in. So that will potentially have a dampening effect on the amount that we can drive growth, even in a rising occupancy environment, but that should be temporary.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Follow-up on the acquisition environment. Skilled nursing facilities, couple of them, obviously, a really big transaction, was announced, and then also, as you alluded to the favorable experience operators have had to date under the RUG-IV system. Are you seeing that sort of being an impediment to deals getting done in terms of unrealistic pricing expectations?
Debra Cafaro: Well, one thing that we have really pounded the table on for a long time is that these cash flows from very well covered, well structured, sort of top of the capital structure, Master Lease rents should get a lower cap rate, if you will, lower discount rate, higher valuation. And again, there's a lot of different nursing homes as you know and a lot of different operators and a lot of different structures. And so in some ways, I think the enhanced pricing on nursing home asset is something that we welcome and support and have been a proponent of for a long period of time. So that's to the good side. I think we continue to take a very kind of strict underwriting view towards coverages and structure and everything like that on nursing homes, because as we know, the changes in Medicare and Medicaid over time do create some significant ebbs and flows in operator cash flow, and we always want to know that our rents are money-good and very collectible and that our tenant is very creditworthy. And so in our mind, the valuation for the right kind of assets, fine. But asset valuation, you really need to get great assets. They need to be very carefully underwritten. It needs to be a great operator. And you need to have a very tight structure. And so that's how we look at the business, and it served us very well for a long period of time.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, your next question will come from the line of Dustin Pizzo with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: It's Ross Nussbaum here with Dustin. Obviously, over the last six months or so, we've seen a ton of RIDEA-like structures. And I guess my question is, in a broader context, is the sale-leaseback structure dead for assisted-living? Is every regional operator out there's saying, "Let me turn into a manager, maybe with a smaller ownership position." I mean, is RIDEA that much of a game changer?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that -- as you know, we sort of started this management structure when we acquired Sunrise in 2007. And to directly answer your question, the sale-leaseback business is alive and well. And we're looking at some transactions like that, and we're looking at some transactions that would be more in the management structure. I think, each deal has to kind of stand on its own, each seller has its own objective. And we have our own objective. For us, it's not an accident that these sort of Atria and Sunrise, very high-quality assets, which we've said, and I hope you didn't miss that, we believe deserve a multi-family valuation. It's no accident that so far the assets and the operators and the markets that we have in our management structure, because we believe they provide higher long-term growth and lower downside risk. And that's where you want to do a management contract. A difference, for example, for skilled nursing, where I think, you would want to do a triple-net lease and some other kinds of senior living assets and some other kinds of operators. You'd want to do a triple-net lease deal. So I think each transaction has to stand on its own. I think it's great that we have different structuring arrows in our quiver and can continue to provide customized solutions for our operating partners. And that creates, I think, more opportunity and more deal flow, and that's I think, partly why, again, we're poised to continue to expand. I think, having these different options help deal flow and transaction activity, because there's more ways to make the lines cross and provide solutions that work for both parties.
Raymond Lewis: And Dustin (sic) [Ross], obviously, I'll just add to that from the operators' perspective, I think, different operators will value different things in a particular transaction. Some people really want to capture the upside. For them a lease transaction's an ideal solution for that. And some people just want to generate stable fees. And for them perhaps the management structure is more attractive. And I've always said to operators, when I sit down with them, I talk about different capital structure alternatives for them, they should have a little bit of all. They should have some assets they own, they should have some asset that they lease, and they should have some assets that they manage, because that gives the most balance and flexible capital structure, and I think that's how most of the operators are trying to approach it.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: And part two of that question is, Debbie, I did catch the comment on what multi-family valuations and that comparison.
Debra Cafaro: You got it twice.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: How do you think about, clearly, the CapEx on assisted-living, it looks like it's been running higher than multi-family, so if we want to make a comparison, we should probably do it on a post CapEx basis. And on that front, seniors housing is probably still higher but not as wide as it may seem. Do you agree with that?
Debra Cafaro: We couldn't argue with the methodology that took recurring CapEx into account in the business. I think you'd have to compare, for example, in the case of Atria, the CapEx that would be similar to a portfolio in New York or Boston or things like that and then do the computations, I think you would still find that the senior housing has a higher cap rate, i.e. lower valuation. And I think over time, you will see those potentially converge, because the trends are very strong, the asset quality's very strong, the demographic demand is excellent. And so I can see those cap rates converging over time, admittedly, taking CapEx into account.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Life science, where is your thought process on that segment of the world right now, in terms of life science office?
Raymond Lewis: It hasn't changed. I think we said that, that's an area of interest to us. We believe it has a place in a healthcare REIT portfolio. We have looked at a number of different opportunities, but we're still trying to identify the right partners and entry point into that space.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, your next question will come from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: There's been a lot of discussion about senior housing and the margin comparison. And I think in the prepared comments the phrase was used in terms of your guidance that you project margins to be stable, but of course, there were so many things going on in 2010 between the expense adjustments as well as the positive impact at the operating level. I just thought I'd try and get a start at trying to phrase what's going on, how we should think about it. But the stable margin, I guess, means back out the one-time expense items in 2010 reflects the higher management contract rate for your agreement, and that, that would be offset by the positive operating trends. Is that the best way to think about that?
Raymond Lewis: Jim, let me just clarify, with respect to stable, I was referring to the Sunrise portfolio margins. And yes, I think the way that you're thinking about it is right if you backed out the one-time items. What we're looking for going forward would be a stable margin off of that rate.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: And then in terms of the MOB portfolio, just a couple of questions. First of all, I think the comment was that you would expect stable performance. I wonder if someone could address the outlook for the non-stabilized portion of the MOB portfolio, number one. And number two, there was the indication that there would be more activity in terms of acquisitions and development, and I guess, maybe Todd could address this moving from the private to the public world, with the access to capital that he now has. How he thinks about maybe the shape of his portfolio changing as more deals become possible in the current environment?
Todd Lillibridge: I think, first question, really come to non-stable. We have six in the portfolio compared to 63 in our stable portfolio, which again is enjoying a near 95% occupancy. We do see growth in our non-stabilized portfolio, which is currently almost at 74% and rising, and we predict that to increase here this calendar year. On the acquisition front, we are seeing a series of opportunities, although, I think what's important to us is we remain very consistent with both our investment pieces, which quite frankly is what we brought forward from Lillibridge, but also very consistent with the legacy business that Ventas built. So we don't see, Jim, really a change in our approach and investment in type of assets that we have been familiar in developing, let alone, acquiring. Again the combination, not of only with a high occupancy, but, again, portfolio-wide, we have a 90% on-campus percentage of assets, which again, continues to be really important, especially in this time of consolidation both in terms of hospitals and physicians. And we've enjoyed this past year, an 85% tenant retention, which I think, is was also very important statistic, even given the comment I made earlier on this downward pressure on rent. So we're seeing opportunities, but I think what's important is that we've been at this long enough to we know what not to buy. And we seen through at least a good downturn both economic and to consolidation, and again, what to stay away from and then what to pursue. On the development front, I think, as you know, development activity dropped off considerably across the country. With the rebalance, if you would, of the balance sheets and the pressure of the finance community for not-for-profit healthcare in particular, kind of the early end or end of '08, if I would. I think what we're now seeing is a pickup, although capital remains very scarce, especially with a number of the major systems. But we are seeing more development activity. We currently have two projects underway, we have three additions that we have awarded and we have a pipeline of five additional, and if you put that altogether, it's a little under $200 million in total development projects. Majority of it, I would say are for fee, which will be generating fee revenue. But I would say the majority of pipeline opportunities are for ownership. There's no doubt, obviously, Lillibridge having the strength and the capital, and quite frankly, the flexibility that, we, Lillibridge, didn't have as a private company. So having great access, great cost of capital is certainly key. And obviously, we're combining that to leverage our brand, our history, our diversified portfolio, which is now across 20-some-odd states and about 60 different markets. So we're excited about what lies ahead in our side of the business, but we also know we're going through a period of time of transformation. It's important we make the right deal.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Sekino with Barclays.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Just want to follow up on the margin question before. And I think you said your margins would be kind of stable, excluding the impact of the overage expenses in 2010. For your guidance, you're giving growth in the occupancy as well as on the rate. Is there something in the cost that you can call out as to why we can't see some margin increases in 2011 similar to what you've gotten over the last year?
Raymond Lewis: Bryan, I think, as we look at the expenses, I mean, there are a number of things that potentially could be increasing this year. Utilities and food come to mind as potential expense drivers. But I think we're sort of looking at a 4%-ish year-over-year expense increase, not entirely inconsistent with what we've seen historically.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Cooney with KBW.
Daniel Cooney - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I guess, if we could just stay on the margins with Sunrise. I know it's a little early to talk about 2012, but I mean, do you think it's likely to actually see margins contract a little bit just as the management fee structure returns to that 6% level?
Debra Cafaro: Again, we're going to have the three entry quarter percent management fee in 2011. And then we have a structure where the management fee would be between 5% and 7% in 2012, depending on where portfolio performance is on the NOI line. And I think what you'll see is it depends, I mean, if the portfolio is occupied at 95% in 2012, I think you'll see perhaps some but very limited margin contraction year-over-year. But at that point, and if not, you'd see a little bit more margin contraction, obviously, as you move the 3.75% management fee to 5%, you lose a little bit on the NOI line. But we're really looking for ultimately is continued demographically-driven, strong, demand for these assets with rate increases and increasing NOI. And we feel good about that long-term projection.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: I guess, just on the Lillibridge side, can you maybe talk a little bit about the potential to consolidate the ownership of that portfolio? I mean, if you look at your partners there, are they likely long term owners or more likely to be looking for an exit over the next year or two?
Debra Cafaro: That's a good question, because when we bought the 96 Lillibridge assets, there's the wholly-owned portfolio that Todd mentioned, being 95% or thereabout occupied. And then we own 5% and 20% of a portfolio, and we're the managing partner of that, where pension fund capital owns the balance. And we have the right of first offer on the balance of that portfolio. And over time, I think, it could generally be assumed that these are limited life investments. We're very happy to have them as our partner now. But over time, if they choose to divest, I believe we would be the appropriate counterparty for consolidation.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I want to ask the obvious question on Sunrise, if I could. Isn't there like a fair amount of conservatism being styled into this? You're going from 18% to 3% growth year-over-year. I understand all the metrics and all that sort of stuff, but if the business is really buzzing now, and you have a lot of good things going on within assisted living business over all, aren't we really just being super conservative?
Debra Cafaro: Remember when you were pitching and the umpire said "We call them like we see them." And I would tell you that we are doing the same with respect to both our Atria acquisition and our Sunrise projections. I think, we, really, are giving you our best view as to what the portfolios will deliver. And again, at the midpoint it's 3.5% growth, if you take out the $5 million of cash payments we got in '10 that related to prior years. And we are working with Sunrise, as Ray said, to really try to drive that higher, but we don't want to commit that it will be higher, because we want to deliver to you consistent reliable projection that we think, again, with our guidance, worth at 7.5% per share FFO growth, that's pretty outstanding, I would say. And we're calling it like we see it. We think Atria has higher growth. Maybe we'll be growing in both fronts and Atria will be a little less and Sunrise will be a little bit more. But right now, we think the Atria's in the high single digits for the reasons that Ray articulated. And we think Sunrise at the midpoint about 3.5%, and we'll work our Asset Management department to death talking to Sunrise to try to drive that number higher. Right now, that's where we see it.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Did the full year of Steeles fully occupied move the needle on the overall number?
Raymond Lewis: Not particularly, maybe a million dollars or so.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Question on the idea and kind of a conceptual one that I kind of come back to almost every quarter. But I assume you wouldn't have wanted to be tied up with the RIDEA structure and say 2000 and 2001, when the assisted living business went to heck. And that's kind of what I'm worried about with all these, and I'm kind of wondering how you feel about RIDEA, not so much for now, when things are going well, but for the next 10 years, when you can have overbuilding and assisted-living and we could have problems while the pool potential residents is kind of much smaller than it is for multifamily. And so, I just wanted that comment, if you could comment on that for me.
Debra Cafaro: This is important question, I think that we think a lot about. And what we're trying to do that to really about portfolio management and creating a diversified; and again diversified by business model, by geography, by payor source, by operator; a diversified portfolio that will deliver consistent performance over long periods of time and in different cycles, because the cash flows come from different sources from different people and maybe some are more granular and have higher growth in an economic recovery and lower growth in a recession as you point out. I think we have confidence in assets that we put in a management structure with Atria and Sunrise. We do think the fundamentals in seniors housing are positive in the near and intermediate term, because there's very limited supply, and there is growing demand. We think they're great operators with the ability to give us good public company reporting information, good data, so we feel really good about that. But the key point is that overall, we're creating a high-quality, balanced portfolio that's going to have growth from triple-net contractual escalation, and hopefully higher growth from this management deals with Sunrise and Atria. And we'll be able to perform and do well in all environment. That's what we're trying to create. I think we're not trying to go all one way or all another way. I would remind you relative to your stated worry that I think we are in a good time in the cycle. And I really think you need to think about the fact that you love multi-family, multi-family is an all-variable business and again, commands a very high valuation, despite the fact that it ebbs and flows with economic cycle. So I think, we feel good about the balance that we're creating, we good feel good about the high-quality assets that the own and that we're trying to acquire and the structures that we're putting them in as well as the operators. And hopefully, we'll be able to maintain that balance, and as we see it, as we see where we are in the cycle with the different kinds of asset types and continue to drive value through that portfolio management.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I think the population of potential residents for senior housing that was a bit more fragile than it is for multi-family...
Debra Cafaro: But when you say that, that over 85 population is the fastest-growing. Both are very demographically-driven that over 85 is the fastest-growing segment of the population, and there's limited supply. So they're fragile people and individuals in house potentially but the...
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, I don't mean it that way.
Debra Cafaro: But the demographic data is very strong, it's analogous to kind of echo boom thesis in multi.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Growth of a smaller number looks big in percentages. I guess that's the way I would say that but...
Debra Cafaro: But anyway does that address not this last part of the conversation but the earlier part of our portfolio management and balance and high-quality assets that are that have different activity. And does that help answer your question?
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It does, but, still you're going to be close to 40% RIDEA when Atria's done. And if today we were to have the problems in 2000 again, that would really hurt you guys. That's a big number 40%. And that's my only point. I'm not saying it's going to be...
Raymond Lewis: There's a couple of points, I think, Rich, I'd like to add to what Debbie said. One, we've been very careful as we constructed our portfolio to select assets that are in higher-barriered entry, in-fill locations, in major metro areas. So our RIDEA portfolio is constructed around that profile. The second point, I think, is that there really hasn't been very much new construction in the seniors housing space. There's not a lot of available capital for it at the moment, so at least in the near term, to get that stuff started, to get it out of the ground and open and start loosing up, we are a ways off from that, even if it we're to start today, and there's really no signs of it starting today or any capital available to really do it at any scale. So I think that's why we are comfortable with being where we are in the portfolio at this moment in time. And as Debbie said, we're constantly monitoring the market conditions and adjusting our portfolio as we grow and diversify.
Debra Cafaro: And just before we close this topic, I just want to add one thing. If you look at the performance for the Sunrise portfolio through the financial crisis, the recession and Sunrise's corporate challenges, the variability of the NOI was about $10 million or so in a given year. Our current NOI is about 708 in the denominator and with Atria would  be maybe closer to 900. So if that variability is in -- if it continues to be in that range of variability for Sunrise and maybe a similar range for Atria, we're really talking about a very manageable variation in annual cash flows at Ventas. And again that's what we're trying to create, which is an entity that can deliver good performance in different kinds of environments, growth-year environments and more challenging environments.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On the Kindred deal, with their acquisition, do you see that providing a pipeline of potential acquisitions for you guys?
Debra Cafaro: I think we really have a good -- and I give a lot of credit to Paul Diaz for this very excellent working relationship and partnership with Kindred now. And one of the benefits, honestly, of growing Ventas is that we will have the opportunity to do business with Kindred. And I know that Kindred trusts us to deliver for them. And I would hope that in a larger scale that we have, that we do have more opportunities to do business together because of that relationship of trust that has developed between us.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to turn the call back over to Debra Cafaro for the closing comments.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Angela. Look, if you can tell from all of our comments, we're tremendously excited about the future here at Ventas and the landscape in the Healthcare and Senior Housing business. I really believe that the sector is the most dynamic in all of real estate, with the large and growing highly-fragmented business, growing demand from the over 85 population and baby boomers, consolidation among those asset owners and operators, integration of post-acute care, healthcare reform, the need for increased capital sources among both healthcare systems and senior housing care providers as well as the evolving investment rules on the healthcare REIT front. This environment is very compelling for us, because if we are right about having cost of capital advantages, experience, resources and the right team, I think, we can really make the most of this external environment and create long-term benefits for all of our stakeholders. So we really appreciate your participation today. We thank you for your support, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation, and you may now disconnect. Thank you very much, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith – IR Debra A Cafaro – Chairman and CEO Ray Lewis – Chief Investment Officer Rick Schweinhart – CFO Todd Lillibridge – CEO, Lillibridge
Analysts: Clinton Valleli – Citi Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ventas third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is Alika [ph] and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will have a question-and-answer session at the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Smith. Please proceed.
David Smith: Good morning. And welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A Cafaro, Chairman and CEO of the Company.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David. And good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. And welcome to the Ventas 2010 third quarter earnings call. My colleagues and I are pleased to join you today from our Chicago office. I'd like to address our recent acquisition activity and this quarter's excellent earnings. Ray Lewis will cover operations and investments. And after Rick Schweinhart reviews our financial results in detail we'll be happy to take your questions. Ventas has been very active since the beginning of the third quarter. We closed our Lillibridge acquisition, announced a mutually beneficial deal with Sunrise Senior Living, we agreed to acquire the real estate assets of Atria Senior Living Group and we made important organizational moves. First, we closed the acquisition of Lillibridge Healthcare Services, adding 96 medical office buildings to our portfolio and becoming the national leader in integrated medical office building ownership, development, property management and advisory work. Both the MOBs and the Lillibridge service businesses are performing well, slightly ahead of our expectations and the combination of our firms is complete. We are enjoying our new relationship with Todd Lillibridge and his organization and we look forward to building our businesses together. Second, we were very pleased to announce an attractive transaction with Sunrise Senior Living to purchase all of its real estate interest in our Sunrise managed high quality assisted living portfolio and amend our management contracts with Sunrise. Our collaboration with Sunrise and its management resulted in a multi-faceted transaction that benefits both companies and we are working together to close that deal in the coming weeks. We are really starting to see the benefits of the focused efforts of the Sunrise team and the quality of our Sunrise managed assets as our NOIs and occupancies in our Sunrise portfolio continue to improve. Third, we recently agreed to acquire the real estate assets of Atria Senior Living Group for $3.1 billion. This exciting and transformational investment will add 118 high quality private pay seniors housing assets to Ventas' portfolio and will make us the largest donor of seniors housing in the U.S. We are acquiring high quality assets in superior locations with excellent growth prospects. As structured, the transaction will increase the amount of Ventas NOI derived from private pay sources to fully two-thirds, improve our tenant operator diversification, expand our scale to over 700 assets and a $14 billion enterprise value and last, keep us in a strong and safe balance sheet position. Finally, Atria is a fantastic operator of seniors housing with a robust scalable infrastructure and an excellent team committed to high quality care for seniors. Atria will be owned by Lazard and the management team as an independent private company, following the closing. Supply demand fundamentals in the senior housing sector are extremely favorable and Ventas is well-positioned to enjoy the benefits of these powerful demographic trends through our ownership of over 35,000 units of independent and assisted living. Importantly, the best assets in the best markets are Sunrise and Atria assets, are in a management contract or RIDEA structure so the growth in these assets will flow directly to Ventas shareholders. We strongly believe that the Atria transaction will create value for Ventas stakeholders. It represents our sixth major acquisition since 2004 and advances our strategic vision of building an excellent, high performing enterprise composed of diverse and productive healthcare and senior living assets. Earlier this week, I was genuinely delighted to announce the promotion of my colleague, Ray Lewis to President of Ventas. Ray's promotion is well deserved and recognizes his many contributions to our success, his leadership and his commitment to our Firm. Ray will continue to supervise all of our investments and our asset management function for our soon to be $14 billion portfolio. Overall, we are very fortunate to have a dedicated group of professionals with a lot of continuity at Ventas. It is the combination of our cohesive team and our growing diverse asset base supported by powerful demographic trends that position Ventas for another decade of success and excellence. Moving to the quarter, we're very happy to report positive news on many fronts. We have excellent normalized FFO per share this quarter of $0.73, an increase of 11% over the prior year, improving occupancies and NOI in our Sunrise portfolio that Ray will discuss in greater detail. Year-over-year, same store NOI growth for our whole portfolio of 5.6%. Cash flow from operations growth of 8%, compared to the 2009 same period. A great balance sheet with low leverage of 4.3 time’s net debt to EBITDA and 26% debt to enterprise value. And, as a result of all of these factors, we are increasing our 2010 normalized FFO guidance to $2.84 to $2.86 per share. At the midpoint, this would equal 6.3% year-over-year per share growth. With that overview, I'd like to turn the call over to our newly appointed President, Ray Lewis.
Ray Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. Our diversified portfolio of roughly 600 properties experienced another quarter of strong performance. These high quality assets have Best-in-Class tenant operators and will be complemented by our recent announcement that we will acquire 118 senior housing properties from Atria, the country's fourth largest operator. Upon the closing of the Atria transaction, Ventas' portfolio will increase to over 700 assets in 44 states and two Canadian provinces and will be well diversified by tenants, operator, pay or source and asset class. Let me start by talking about the performance of our triple-net lease portfolio where Ventas receives approximately 69% of its NOI. As you'll recall, this portfolio provides stable and growing cash flows backed by pooled multi-facility master leases with credit and structural support from industry leading operators. During the second quarter of 2010, the most recent available, cash flow coverage was a strong 1.7 times. Occupancies in our triple-net seniors housing portfolio continue to trend positively during the second quarter, up 60 basis points sequentially and 270 basis points year-over-year. Moreover, same store cash flows to Ventas continued to grow steadily during the third quarter at 2.6% year-over-year, on track with our guidance at the beginning of the year. We continue to have minimal near term lease maturities with less than 1% of the portfolio rolling before 2013 and an average remaining lease term of approximately six years. Our tenant, Kindred which currently accounts for 36% of Ventas' NOI and is the largest provider of post acute care in the U.S., reported another great quarter of earnings with operating cash flows up 18% year-over-year and third quarter earnings per share at the top end of its corporate guidance. Additionally, Kindred should benefit from the better than expected final ruling for Medicare Part B therapy was that was released on Tuesday. Now let's turn to Ventas' operating portfolio which is comprised of 79 high end mansion style assisted living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living and 153 medical office buildings managed by Lillibridge and other third party managers. This portfolio accounts for approximately 28% of Ventas' NOI and provided another quarter of strong performance. Starting with our Sunrise portfolio, which accounts for 19% of our NOI, the third quarter exhibited strong occupancy gains. Third quarter occupancy in our 78 stable assets was 89.5%, up 110 basis points over the second quarter. This positive trend and stabilized occupancy has continued into the fourth quarter as the portfolio is currently over 90%. As the economy has stabilized, these need driven assets are benefiting from strong industry fundamentals as there is limited new supply and a fast growing 85 plus population fueling demand. NOI for all 79 communities during the third quarter was $39 million which includes the receipt from Sunrise of a $2 million cash payment for prior period expense overruns. Excluding this payment, NOI was up 11% over the comparable 2009 period driven primarily by the previously mentioned occupancy gains as well as rate increases and increased margins. Quarter-over-quarter for our 78 stabilized communities margins, excluding the cash payment, increased 50 basis points to 33.3% in the third quarter. Ventas also has one lease-up asset located in Toronto known as Steeles which continues to march toward stabilization. Third quarter occupancy at this 229 unit independent living asset was stable at 86.7%, though our latest reports on spot occupancy show it trending above 90%. We continue to be pleased with the performance of this property. Finally, as previously announced, Ventas entered into an agreement with Sunrise to acquire the minority interests in 58 of the Sunrise communities for $186 million including $145 million of mortgages already on our balance sheet. This represents over a 10% capitalization rate on in place NOI. Upon closing, we will own 100% of all 79 Sunrise properties in our portfolio. We also negotiate improvements to our management agreements with Sunrise including a reduction in the Sunrise management fee to 3.5% of revenues for most of 2010 and 3.75% for 2011. After which, the base management fee will be 5% to 7% of revenues. Due to the strong performance and the positive occupancy trends we are seeing to date coupled with the favorable restructuring of our management contracts, we are increasing our 2010 NOI guidance for the Sunrise portfolio to $150 million to $154 million, compared to our prior guidance of $139 million to $145 million. At the midpoint, this equates to a year-over-year NOI growth of 16%. Excluding cash payments we have received from Sunrise and the expected pickup from a lower management fee, Ventas' year-over-year growth for this portfolio is still an impressive 8.5% at the midpoint of our guidance range which gives confidence to our expectations for the to be acquired Atria assets. Now let's turn to our medical office portfolio. The third quarter represented our first full quarter of ownership of Lillibridge which closed at the beginning of the quarter. Combined with Lillibridge, Ventas now owns and manages 153 medical office buildings across $8.6 million square feet and accounts for 9% of the company's NOI. Ventas' stable consolidated MOB portfolio of 57 assets continues to post strong occupancy, exceeding 94% and good margins exceeding 65%. Regarding our Lillibridge portfolio, third quarter results exceeded our underwriting projections. During last quarter's call we told you that we expected second half cash NOI to approximate $13.5 million to $14 million. Our latest projection is forecasting cash NOI to equal or slightly exceed $14 million. If achieved, this would equate to a cash yield of approximately 8% and a GAAP yield of over 9%. We are pleased with the initial performance of our Lillibridge MOB portfolio, along with the Ventas legacy portfolio. We intend to expand our medical office platform through the combination of Lillibridge's brand, experience, tenured professionals and long standing relationships with highly rated hospital systems along with Ventas' cost of capital, legacy partnerships and investment team. Turning to the acquisition environment, the big news at Ventas is our previously announced $3.1 billion agreement to acquire from Atria 118 senior housing properties that Atria will manage under long-term management agreements. Pro forma for the Atria acquisition, Ventas has announced $3.6 billion of acquisitions during 2010. Moreover, we have significantly advanced two key strategic objectives by creating the market leading fully integrated medical office ownership, management, leasing and development company and adding another top tier senior housing provider to our stable of Best-in-Class tenant operators. After the closing we will be doing business with four of the five top senior living operators in the US. With regard to market, deal flow has been steadily increasing during the quarter. The pipeline remains strong and we are continuing to see and consider a number of interesting opportunities across the healthcare real estate landscape. We have also announced the addition of John Cobb as our new Chief Investment Officer. Through his years as a senior executive at GE Healthcare Financial Services and Heller Financial, John has developed a deep role of decks of healthcare real estate contacts and an established track record of growing healthcare real estate financing businesses and leading teams of investment professionals. Moreover, John’s recent experience running a senior housing company gives him a unique insight into the operation of Seniors’ housing assets. So I am pleased with the progress we have made across the company this year and look forward to continuing that momentum into the fourth quarter and into next year. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart to discuss our financial results.
Rick Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The highlights of the third quarter are that on July 1st, we acquired Lillibridge Healthcare Services and their consolidated operating income was up for the last year’s third quarter and also increased compared to the second quarter. Third quarter 2010 normalized FFO was $0.73 per diluted share, an increase of 10.6% compared to the third quarter of 2009 on 1% more shares outstanding. Additionally, we continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flows from operations. At September 30th, our cash balance was $34 million and we had $244 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. Our credit stats remained excellent with net debt adjusted pro forma EBITDA at 4.3 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio is in excess of three times. Our September 30, 2010 debt-to-enterprise value is 26%. Our cash flow from operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 increased to $138 million, from $128 million for the comparable quarter last year, up 8%. We currently have approximately $30 million of cash and $240 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter we had three items of note. First, the debt activity. In July, with the acquisition of Lillibridge, we assumed $79 million of mortgage debt with an average 6.3% rate. We also assumed $29 million of debt which was paid one week after the acquisition. In August, we repaid $80 million of maturing mortgage debt with an interest rate of 7.75% [ph]. In September, we closed on a $200 million three year unsecured term loan with a 4% fixed interest rate. The proceeds were used to pay down the revolver. Second, normalized FFO includes a $2 million cash payment from Sunrise for the expense overages and third, merger related expenses and deal costs totaled $5.1 million in the quarter, primarily due to our July 1st acquisition of Lillibridge. After quarter end in October, we repaid the remaining outstanding balance of $71.7 million of our 6 5/8 senior notes due 2014 with a premium of $1.6 million. Details of the third quarter earnings are as follows. Normalized FFO was $115.4 million, or $0.73 per diluted share. Normalized FFO includes the previously mentioned $2 million cash payment from Sunrise and excludes the $6 million net expense consisting of merger related expenses, integration costs and deal costs which I mentioned before and non-cash income tax expense. Third quarter normalized FFO increased from last year’s third quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios, triple net, Sunrise-managed and medical office buildings. Triple net lease revenues grew to $117.9 million, from $115.8 million last year, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise managed NOI increased 17% to $39 million this quarter, from $33.4 million last year. Third quarter 2010 NOI includes the Sunrise $2 million cash payment as a reduction of expenses. Excluding the $2 million, Sunrise managed NOI increased 11%. In comparison, second quarter was $38.8 million, which included $3 million cash payment from Sunrise for expense overages. Due to the Lillibridge acquisition on July 1st, third quarter medical office building NOI grew from $5.8 million to $16.3 million including $1.4 million in unconsolidated joint ventures. Second quarter MOB NOI was $8.1 million. Consistent with our projections, Lillibridge contributed $6.5 million in EBITDA in the third quarter, inclusive of all Lillibridge G&A. Partly as a result of the Lillibridge combination, consolidated G&A in the third quarter including stock-based compensation, totaled $15.3 million, up from the $9.9 million in the second quarter. Interest expense was up at $45.5 million this quarter, compared to last quarter’s $43.8 million, primarily due to the Lillibridge acquisition. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at 157.9 million, increased 1% over third quarter of last year and remained fairly flat versus 157.4 million in the second. We are increasing our 2010 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $2.84 to $2.86 from $2.75 to $2.80. This reflects the positive trends in our Sunrise portfolio, our negotiated Sunrise management fee adjustment and our Lillibridge acquisition. This positive trend is indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows that our diversified high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumption for our 2010 normalized FFO per share guidance is that total Sunrise NOI for our 79 assets including the negotiated management fee adjustment ranges from $150 million to $154 million and consistent G&A for the fourth quarter. Our guidance does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity, deal costs, capital transactions, non-cash income tax expense or litigation expenses or proceeds. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Clinton Valleli with Citi. Please proceed.
Clinton Valleli – Citi: Hi, good morning, guys. I’m here with Michael Bilerman. Just in terms of the Atria acquisition, you obviously see some additional upsides in those assets on the RIDEA structure. Of that about 160 seniors housing assets that you own under a triple net lease, do you see some additional long-term upside there and is there any possibility that over time you might want to move them into a RIDEA structure?
Ray Lewis: Hi, Clinton, this is Ray. You know, I think there is some additional upside in those assets through redevelopment and we’ve had some discussions with our tenants about ways that we can work together to – for us to provide capital to them to redevelop some of those assets at Alzheimer’s wings, expand, et cetera. And those are very attractive investments because you get to leverage all the fixed costs in the building and all the common area that exists. So, the returns tend to be pretty high as you can see from the materials we prepared for Atria. With respect to transitioning those assets to RIDEA structures, I don’t think we have any current plans to do that. But I think if we talk with our operators and it made sense for both of us to do that, it’s something we would consider.
Clinton Valleli – Citi: Okay. And then maybe just switching to Lillibridge, now that it’s in the platform, can you give us an update on what you’re seeing in terms of the potential acquisition pipeline and maybe also any new development opportunities that are outside of the development pipeline?
Ray Lewis: Yeah, Todd and his team has been out in the market, telling the story to their important hospital relationships and it’s being very well-received and as a consequence, we’re seeing both an increase in acquisition opportunities and development opportunities coming into the pipeline. Development opportunities, as you probably know, are longer lead time transactions. We did announce the Baton Rouge transaction and we hope to follow with more on the heels of that. With respect to acquisitions, the pipeline is pretty strong. We’re working on a number of things that we hope we’ll be able to get done in the near term.
Clinton Valleli – Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rick Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Rich.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: First question is very important. How is Walter doing?
Debra Cafaro: Well, you mean Walter Breuning, the oldest man in the world?
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Yes, yes.
Debra Cafaro: Well, he actually recently had to go to the hospital, but we’re all wishing him a speedy recovery. He’s an amazing, wonderful guy.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: I am sure.
Ray Lewis: On the good news front, Rich, he’s moved up on the list.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Okay. Question on deal flow, you guys obviously have been very active. Your leverage, post Atria, is up relative to maybe what your benchmark, your comfort level is but still reasonable. But, you know, considering your desire to be conservative with the balance sheet, do you think that you need to de-lever significantly before you can go out and do anything sizable? Or would you be willing to allow your debt-to-EBITDA to get into the 6 or 7 handle range?
Debra Cafaro: Rich, this is Debbie. As you know, we have over a long period of time managed the Company to both grow FFO per share, but also to maintain a lot of financial strength and flexibility. And we are committed to balancing those two objectives, which is how we believe we’ve been able to create and preserve shareholder value. And so we’re very comfortable with the pro forma net debt-to-EBITDA with the way we’ve structured the Atria acquisition to be very balance sheet friendly and also – which is good for our debt holders, but also protects our equity holders as well from market risks. And we are very comfortable with where we'll be which is at about 5.6 times net debt-to-EBITDA on a pro forma basis at closing. And we will continue to manage the firm with those two objectives strongly in mind and I think that in doing so, we will continue to really benefit all of our stakeholders.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Did I read right that – I don't remember if it was Moody's or one of the other agencies, but that they maintained their rating on the presumption that your net debt would drop to five times in short order. Is that correct?
Debra Cafaro: Look, I mean, in terms of Ventas’ ratings, it’s first of all important to note that we do have three investment grade ratings. It’s also important to note that our credit statistics really are at a level that even with the closing of Atria would merit a higher rating and we do intend to continue moving up the credit curve. Because Ventas’ cash flows significantly, it’s very easy for Ventas to what I would call de-lever organically or naturally and so there’s no pressure on Ventas at any time to do anything other than close the transaction on the terms that we’ve announced.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Last question is as you’ve gone through the process with Atria and you have what some might call an overhang with the 85% of the stock being saleable at the close, have you gotten any sense from Lazard what they might do with those shares at this point?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, thank you for answering that – and for asking that. As we talked about in the original Atria call, we are issuing a $350 billion of equity to Lazard at the closing. They really believe in Ventas and they believe in their own assets and so we have great alignment with them and I think their confidence in Ventas is being rewarded. We have a very carefully designed set of contractual arrangements between the two firms that are really designed to continue to support Ventas equity and while 85% of the shares are not technically locked up, they’re a significant sort of time, place and manner governors around how those shares will be held and transferred. And I think most importantly, Lazard has a long history of numerous occasions of being invested in REITs in the past. They’ve been excellent, responsible shareholders and have done what’s really – what’s in their interest, which is to really care about maximizing the value of that equity and we fully expect them to do the same here.
Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. One big one and a couple of little ones. Debbie, my sense was that you were about at your limit in terms of the percentage of NOI you wanted from senior housing operating assets and so that you would be unlikely to do more RIDEA transactions this size. Is that accurate?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as you know, Jerry, we are constantly trying to calibrate a portfolio that is balanced in terms of asset type and structures, triple-net operating, et cetera and we believe that that kind of portfolio will deliver value in all kinds of environments and deliver reliable cash flows to shareholders and that's really what we're aiming for. And with the Atria transaction, we will have about a third of our portfolio in senior housing operating transactions. We do expect Ventas to continue to grow and evolve over time and we will continue to evaluate different transactions as they present themselves on their merits.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: So you could see yourself having more than a third of NOI from senior housing operating assets?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, look, we're going to grow the business in numerous ways including medical office, as Ray has talked about and our bread and butter, triple-net lease structure and we will continue calibrating the portfolio in a way that we think continues diversification, balance and this non-correlated reliable cash flows going forward.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. In terms of – one of the things that's frustrating us I guess in terms of the numbers is you stopped providing maintenance CapEx and I'm trying to understand why and whether we can get some more color on sort of CapEx in general, maintenance CapEx.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Sure. We don't want you to be frustrated, actually. We actually have a different disclosure that's on our supplemental now that really talks about all of our different CapEx buckets. In terms of the senior housing, really it's, as we've talked about, $1,250 to $1,500 per unit per year. And Ray can talk about the MOBs.
Ray Lewis: With respect to the MOBs, it's about a $1 a foot and that breaks down roughly $0.30 routine, $0.70 non-routine, plus or minus.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And as we think about Atria, any significant CapEx demands there in terms of repositioning their assets? I think there was some that you committed to like $85 million or so, but just a sense of how CapEx plays into that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I'll take the first part of it and then Ray will take the second part of it. In the near term, the CapEx and the eight redevelopment assets is essentially baked into the purchase price and most of it will already have been– substantially all of it will already have been expended by the time that we close.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: On a longer term basis, I'll turn that over to Ray.
Ray Lewis: Well, I mean, I think the CapEx that we're projecting in that portfolio would be comparable to what we're spending in our Sunrise portfolio in that $1,250 to $1,500 per unit that Debbie described earlier.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And over time there may be assets in exceptional locations where we will choose on a risk-adjusted basis to undertake redevelopment projects and commit capital where we think there will be a 15% to 20% return, as market conditions warrant. But that will all be discretionary after the closing.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Are we likely to see disclosure on the Atria portfolio separate from Sunrise or are we going to see them on a consolidated basis when you – after the deal closes?
Debra Cafaro: That's a great question. I think we're really focused on closing the transaction and I think that at that point in time we'll try to figure out the best way to give disclosure to investors and we actually welcome people's thoughts on what would be most helpful to them.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: I opt for separate, if we can and my vote counts.
Debra Cafaro: I'm shocked. Jerry, I'm shocked.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: And just last thing and I'll jump off. Any other just infrequent items, lease terminations views or anything else in the quarter, we didn't see any and I just wanted to make sure.
Debra Cafaro: No.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for joining. We appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Ray Lewis: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Just a question on the senior housing operating portfolio. I know you had been cautioning about some margin pressure and I do see the costs came up on an absolute dollar. Would you say it was – the outperformance in the quarter was more on the top line or lower expenses?
Ray Lewis: I think the occupancy and the rate were the biggest drivers for sure and the occupancy certainly being the largest of the two. So, the expenses were within normal tolerances.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Okay. And I'm not sure if you had given this out, but what was the management fee before the renegotiation with Sunrise?
Debra Cafaro: It's been running in the 5% to 5.25% range this year-to-date.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: And by the – just so everyone knows, the reduction to 3.5% is not included in this quarter's numbers but is included in our forward guidance, assuming that the transaction closes. So that will be a – that will be seen in the fourth quarter.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just on the G&A side, I know you had given out some numbers last quarter for the Lillibridge acquisition. I think $15 million on annualized basis. The increase sequentially, here, of 5.5%, can you kind of call out anything on the increase over what would be normally in that $15 million?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, if there's – there's just normal sort of Ventas G&A. It's nothing out of the ordinary.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Okay. So this is a good run rate going forward?
Debra Cafaro: We do think and our guidance assumes that there's a consistent run rate, yes.
Bryan Sekino – Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then, can you just give us a bit of an indication on how the occupancy trended year-over-year in the Lillibridge MOBs?
Ray Lewis: I would say that it's been pretty consistent, pretty flat.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. And again, the owned group of assets that we have, the 57 consolidated were at 94.4%, I think percent occupancy which, again, I think our thesis in combining with Lillibridge is really kind of right assets, on-campus, right hospitals– single and double A hospital systems. So we feel good about that.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hey, Rob.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan:
 :
Debra Cafaro: That's correct.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then I also want to clarify, the 3.5% management fee figure, you said that will be in the next – that's included in the full year guidance. Does that mean that there will be kind of a catch-up in the fourth quarter on that?
Ray Lewis: Yes.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Okay. So if we're going to model that going to 3.75% in 2011 we need to adjust down a little bit, the NOI that you'll have in Q4?
Ray Lewis: No. The 3.75% in 2011 will be paid as we go through 2011.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Right. I mean, if there's a catch-up in the fourth quarter this year, then I…
Ray Lewis: Whole new run rate.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Yes. You decrement it a little bit. Okay. And then last question on Sunrise and this resolves my last question. Clearly, it seems like things have – we're past the bottom there. I was looking back, I think the high water mark in occupancy since you've owned the portfolio is 93%. Do you happen to know where it's been historically and I assume there's no kind of structural and market impediments to returning to those levels eventually?
Debra Cafaro: I think the portfolio has been as high as 93%, – I know it's been at 93%. I think it's even been higher than that. Look, we have – these are great assets in great markets. They're really shining through. I think they're starting to shine through again, through the increases in occupancy and NOI that we're seeing and I – there's good reason to believe, as the economy grows and things return to some kind of normalcy, that these assets have every opportunity to get back to those levels over time. And the question is how quickly will that occur?
Ray Lewis: Rob, the high water mark in occupancy was in the third quarter of 2007 where we were at 93.3%. I would echo Debbie's comments and just point out further, we continue to invest capital in these buildings as we've described to maintain them, make sure that they're best-in-Class that they show well, they're well-located. Sunrise is really turning their attention and focusing on operations in a way that's showing results. So we like the trajectory of the portfolio.
Rob Mains – Morgan Keegan: Okay. Great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks for joining, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: Hi, guys. Good morning, Debbie, Ray and the whole crew. Just two quick questions, one big one and one small one. Debbie, about a year ago I asked you the question about what your goals were over the next 12 months and what basically kept you up at night and you mentioned you wanted to build more of an MOB platform. I think we can put a check on that. And then you also mentioned to us that you wanted to build more potential sources of revenue generation. And I think with some of the deals you've done we can put a check on that. So I'm going to say, as you look into your crystal ball, I want to ask you that same question of over the next 12 months, what would you like to accomplish with the company and what keeps you up at up at night?
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, I'm really surprised at those answers because my normal answer on what we think about every day is our goal is to create extraordinary value for shareholders. So I guess I must have gone down one layer of the onion to identify the MOB and the revenue generators. And as we sit here today, you're right. We have made a lot of headway, checking those things off the box – off our list. I think right now, again, we're very focused on closing the Atria acquisition, closing the Sunrise acquisition and continuing to make sure we have the right team to make good decisions, to continue to grow the portfolio and to manage risk and that's what we always do and then in terms of staying up at night, honestly, we are so exhausted that nothing is keeping us up, so – So I hope that answers your question.
Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: That's helpful. And then second question on the MOB side of the equation, just talk a little bit just if you're seeing any real differentiation in regards to how different markets are performing, especially in regards to rent rolls, rental rates and tenant retention rates.
Ray Lewis: Yeah. Tayo, across the portfolio things are performing great, our stabilized occupancy is over 94% which relative to any of the other reported numbers looks pretty good. I think you have different performance in different markets. There are certainly some markets that are stronger than others. But what we've tried to do with our portfolio is align ourselves with the best healthcare systems in each market, buy on-campus real estate with those healthcare systems so that we're well-positioned to maintain those above market occupancies and are positioned for the future.
Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: Can you make any generalization about the markets like East Coast is stronger than the West Coast or East Coast is stronger than the Southeast?
Debra Cafaro: We're going to ask Todd to take that one.
Todd Lillibridge: I think what we've seen is some of the major markets where as you could expect competition would be greater, so some of, again, the primary markets around the country if there's a potential for softening, that would be where it would come. But as Ray said, I think what's more important is really the health systems, the notion that the assets are on-campus We're dealing with diversified providers with a broad spectrum of service line. We're seeing a lot of growth in orthopedics and cardiovascular services and oncology and, having on-campus facilities that's where we're going to see and are seeing the growth in our portfolio.
Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: That's helpful. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay. I think there are no further questions so I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we, as always, sincerely appreciate everyone's support of Ventas. You can know that the management team here will continue focusing on creating value for all of our stakeholders. We're hoping to see everyone when we get together in New York later this month to celebrate the 50th anniversary of REITs and we hope you have a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO  Ray Lewis - EVP and CIO  Rick Schweinhart - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Michael Bilerman - Citi  Jeff Spector - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch  Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus  Karin Ford - Keybanc  Ross Nussbaum - UBS  Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company   
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ventas Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tom and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to David Smith. Please proceed. 
David Smith: Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call maybe considered forward looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies to stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations and whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2009, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes and expectations.  Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the investor relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company. 
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and participants and welcome to the Ventas 2010 second quarter earnings call. Today the Ventas management team is with me in our Chicago office and we are very pleased to be joined by Todd Lillibridge, our newest colleague. We have a lot of excellent news to cover today, including positive earnings, increased normalized FFO per share guidance, the closing of the Lillibridge acquisition, good results from our operating portfolio of seniors housing and a constructive and active investment outlook.  Ventas is delivering on its promise of preserving and creating value for its stakeholders through consistent reliable cash flow growth from a diversified portfolio of productive, healthcare and senior housing assets. We continue to enhance our growth through strategic and accretive acquisitions, while also maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet.  After an overview of results and a discussion of our acquisition of Lillibridge, Ray Lewis will discuss our asset performance and investment strategy and Rick Schweinhart will report on our financial results in detail. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to answer your questions.  Let's begin with the exciting acquisition of Lillibridge Healthcare Services which closed earlier this month. In one fell swoop, we acquired an interest in 96 medical office buildings. We are now the national leader in the large and growing medical office building sector. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, we own and/or manage a 153 medical office and outpatient assets containing $8.6 million square feet located in 20 states. The combination of Ventas' strong balance sheet and access to capital with Lillibridge's experienced, relationship and integrated capabilities should provide attractive real estate solutions for hospital clients and drive value in our firm. The acquired MOBs have a very desirable profile. They are 92% on campus; all affiliated with single A and double A rated hospitals and health systems. 86% occupied and located in 17 states. The 92 stabilized MOBs in which we acquired an ownership interest are over 87% occupied and the 34 wholly owned stabilized MOBs we purchased are 94% occupied.  There is a compelling thesis for investing in the large and growing MOB arena that I'd like to recap today. 
s: Healthcare reform should also increase demand as roughly 32 million uninsured individuals gain access to the healthcare system. Importantly, healthcare reform will also drive patient care to the lowest cost most clinically appropriate setting which in many cases is an outpatient site. Hospital capital needs should incent hospital owners of MOBs to sell their real estate to more efficient owners like Ventas in order to fund operations and higher yielding capital projects. And finally, well located on campus MOBs tend to deliver long term stable cash flow.  Moving from the strategic to the specific let me describe the financial terms of our Lillibridge transaction. Our acquisition price for Lillibridge was $381 million in total. The purchase price represents approximately 15 times expected second half 2010 normalized EBITDA of (inaudible) as an integrated real estate owner and services business. This is in line with and at the low end of the EBITDA multiples of the publicly traded integrated MOB company. We funded the acquisition with cash on hand, a draw on our revolver and the assumption of $125 million of mortgage debt.  We estimate that the $381 million purchase price will be allocated approximately 93% to the real estate and 7% to the platform businesses, subject to final allocation valuation. The real estate purchase price equates to a per square foot value of between $150 and $160. With cash NOI for the second half of 2010 for Ventas' portion of the MOBs, estimated to be between $13.5 million and $14 million. The cap rate on the real estate NOI should range between 7.6% and 7.9%.  Recall that we acquired a 100% interest in 38 MOBs, a 20% interest in 24 MOBs and a 5% interest in 34 MOBs, as well as a 100% interest in (inaudible) brand, client relationships and integrated platform of property management, leasing, construction and development, advisory and asset management services. The allocated estimated purchase price for the platform businesses represents about a 2.5 types multiple on Lillibridge's estimated second half annualized revenues from the service businesses. Our investment in this excellent business platform should enable us to grow the MOB business in a scalable way by giving us the internalized capabilities, relationships and scale we need. We're also very excited to have Todd Lillibridge and his team leading our combined MOB and outpatient business under the nationally recognized (inaudible) brand. Their 20 plus years principally serving highly rated healthcare systems and hospitals have been characterized by high integrity, strong relationships with clients and an excellent track record. We welcome Todd and our new Lillibridge colleagues to Ventas. We are confident that all the pieces are in place for the Lillibridge acquisition to create significant additional value for Ventas stakeholders by further diversifying our portfolio, delivering reliable cash flows, and providing new avenues for growth. We will do everything we can to execute this transaction effectively so we can deliver those results. Turning to the highlights of our quarter. First we are very pleased to report strong normalized FFO per share of $0.71, an increase of 4.4%, compared to last year. Increased 2010 normalized FFO guidance, that if achieved would represent year-over-year per share growth of 2.6 to 4.5%. This quarter, we enjoyed year-over-year cash flow from operations growth of over 6%.  Our seniors housing operating portfolio also exhibited positive NOI and occupancy trends. Our total portfolio of high quality and productive senior housing and healthcare assets achieved year-over-year same store NOI growth of 5.4%. And we ended the quarter with an incredibly strong balance sheet that positions us to continue to grow and diversify. Before I turn the call over to Ray, I'd like to make one comment on the Medicare rate increases expected for both skilled nursing facilities and long term acute care hospitals. In both asset classes, Medicare reimbursement is slated to increase for fiscal year 2011 which begins October 1, 2010. Ray?
Ray Lewis: Thanks, Debby. With the closing of the Lillibridge's acquisition, Ventas' portfolio of high quality healthcare and seniors housing assets now totals approximately 600 properties located in 44 states and two Canadian provinces and is even more diversified by tenant, operator, payer source, and asset class. First, I will review the performance of our triple net lease portfolio. Approximately 73% of our NOI comes from our pooled multi facility master leases with credit and structural support and contractual growth escalations. Once again, this part of our portfolio provided consistent and growing cash flows to Ventas during the quarter as it generated a 2.6% year-over-year increase in same store cash NOI. This strong performance was driven by among other things our annual Kindred rent escalations that occurred on May 1. NOI from Kindred now approximates 38% of total portfolio NOI and equals about $249 million annually. Our triple-net lease portfolio continues to track our guidance that we stated at the beginning of the year when we projected same store cash growth of over 2.5% for 2010. Occupancies in our triple-net senior housing and hospital properties trended positively during the first quarter, the latest date reported on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Occupancy in our skilled nursing portfolio remains stable at a nearly 90% level. Cash flow coverage across our triple-net portfolio decreased slightly from 1.8 times to 1.7 times. You will recall that our triple-net leases are designed to anticipate ebbs and flows and operator cash flows based on changes in their operating results or reimbursement and are mostly in large pooled multi-facility master leases which provide structural protection to Ventas cash flows. Ventas remains very well covered and secure. Moreover, the majority of these rent payments come from and are guaranteed by large, publicly traded operators that are leaders in their industry such as (inaudible), the largest post acute provider and Brookdale, the largest senior living provider. So the take away for our triple-net portfolio is that we continue to be pleased with the growing and reliable cash flows these assets provide Ventas year after year. Now I'd like to turn to the performance of our operating portfolio. During the second quarter our operating portfolio included 79 high-end matching style assisted living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living and 26 medical office buildings managed by third parties. This portfolio accounted for 25% of our NOI during the quarter. As I'll discuss, this part of our portfolio continues to perform well and deliver improving results. First, let me address our portfolio of need driven seniors housing communities managed by Sunrise, which accounted for 20% of our portfolio NOI during the second quarter. We acquired this portfolio in April of 2007 and in reviewing the historical trends, occupancy in the second quarter has always been lower than in the first quarter. However this year, the portfolio outperformed that trend as our stable portfolio achieved average occupancy of 88.4%, which was flat with the first quarter levels and 120 basis points higher than the second quarter of last year. Moreover, we finished the quarter with a spot occupancy rate of over 89% on our stable properties. Total portfolio NOI for the quarter was $38.8 million. These results include a $3 million cash payment from Sunrise for expense overruns. Excluding this payment our portfolio delivered a 6% increase in NOI sequentially driven primarily by an extra day in the quarter and lower expenses. Again, excluding the $3 million cash payment, margins for the 78 stabilized communities increased 140 basis points to 32.8% compared to the first quarter of this year. Year-over-year NOI for the portfolio also excluding the $3 million payment from Sunrise grew to 5.9% during the quarter driven by increases in rate and occupancy. We have one lease up asset in the portfolio which is the high end 229 unit independent living community in Toronto known as Steals. This newly built property continues to fill with occupancy up 150 basis points sequentially and up 1,870 basis points year-over-year to 86.6% in the quarter. NOI, occupancy and margin all continue to trend well versus prior periods. The operating trends in the portfolio continue to improve across the board. As a result of the year-to-date performance, we are increasing our NOI guidance for the Sunrise portfolio to $139 million to $145 million compared to our prior guidance of $128 million to $138 million. For the balance of the year, we expect consistent performance for the first half. At the mid point of this range, this would equate to an impressive 8.4% year-over-year growth in NOI compared to the $131 million in 2009.  Now let's turn to medical office. Our medical office building portfolio which comprised 1.7 million square feet during the second quarter also did well with occupancy stable and margin improving on a sequential and year-over-year basis. Our stabilized pool of 22 assets generated $6.5 million of NOI to Ventas which implies a gap yield of roughly 8.5% on average on Ventas' investment. Year-over-year, our same-store stabilized pool of 19 assets, occupancy remains strong at 93.5% and margin improved. We also have four assets that remain in our lease up portfolio totaling 330,000 square feet which continue to perform well. Occupancy in the second quarter for these four assets was 81.6%, an increase of 820 basis points compared to the first quarter's 73.4% occupancy. NOI and margin also continued to exhibit positive trends during the quarter, as current signed leases take occupancy, we expect continued improvement in this portfolio. So we continue to be pleased with the performance of our MOB portfolio, including the Lillibridge assets, MOB NOI will now comprise 8% of Ventas' annualized NOI and total $8.6 million square feet. We look forward to providing you with the operating performance of that portfolio during our next earnings call.  Let me turn for a moment to the acquisitions environment. We were pleased to close the Lillibridge transaction earlier this quarter. This transformative transaction puts the Ventas squarely on the medical office map with 153 medical office buildings owned or managed in 20 states, 45 cities, and 65 markets nationwide. Moreover, with the addition of our new Lillibridge colleagues, we now have the integrated management, leasing and development platform that we have so long aspired to. With the Lillibridge acquisition we have closed over $400 million of new investments in 2010, but we are not done. We continue to work on a number of interesting opportunities in each of our core asset types and while the market remains competitive for high quality cash flowing healthcare real estate we are well positioned to compete because of our low leverage relationships, track record, experience and excellent access to low cost capital. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart to discuss our financial results. 
Rick Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The highlights of the second quarter are that operating income was up from last year's second quarter and also increased compared to the first quarter. Second quarter 2010 normalized FFO was $0.71 per diluted share, an increase of 4.4% compared to the second quarter of 2009 on 2% more shares outstanding. Additionally, we continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flow from operations. At June 30th our cash balance was $28 million and we had $126 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. Our credit stats remain excellent with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at four times and our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of three times. Our June 30th, 2010 debt to enterprise value is 26%. Our cash flow from operations for the quarter ended June 30th, 2010 increased to $92 million from $82 million for the comparable quarter last year, up 12%.  On July 1st, we acquired Lillibridge Healthcare Services and currently have approximately $35 million of cash and $345 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter we had five items of note. First, in June, we opportunistically redeemed $142.7 million of our 7% and 1/8% senior notes due 2015. We used the call option in our bonds and paid 103.6 of par. The economic return of this investment was 7%. We recorded a $6.4 million of loss on extinguishment of debt. We also repaid $52 million of maturing mortgage debt. Second. Also in June, we acquired from Sunrise its minority interest in two of our Sunrise managed properties for $9.9 million. This represented a cap rate of over 9% on NOI. Third. We sold four assets not current tenant for $22.5 million and achieved a $5 million gain on sale. Fourth. Normalized FFO includes $3 million cash payment from Sunrise for expense overrides. And fifth. Merger related expenses and deal costs total $4.2 million in quarter, mostly due to our July 1 acquisition of Lillibridge.  Details of the second quarter earnings are as follows: Normalized FFO was $111.9 million or $0.71 per diluted share. Normalized FFO includes the previously mentioned $3 million cash payment from Sunrise and excludes $5.6 million net expense consisting of loss on the early extinguishment of debt, merger related expenses and deal costs offset by gains on the sale of properties and an income tax benefit. Second quarter normalized FFO increased from last years second quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios, triple-net, Sunrise managed and medical office buildings. Triple-net leases grew to $118 million from $116.3 million, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise managed NOI increased 15% to $38.8 million this quarter from $33.9 million last year. Second quarter 2010 NOI includes the Sunrise $3 million, cash payment as a reduction of expenses. Excluding the $3 million, Sunrise managed NOI increased 5.9%. In comparison first quarter was $33.8 million. Also, second quarter year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $8.1 million from $5.3 million primarily due to acquisitions. Second quarter results do not include any results from our July 1st acquisition of Lillibridge.  Interest expense was flat at $44 million compared to last year and slightly better than the first quarter. G&A and stock based compensation was fairly flat with last year and slightly down from the first quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at $157.4 million, increased 2% over second quarter of last year and remain fairly flat versus $157.0 million in the first. Second quarter normalized FAD per diluted share increased to $0.69 compared to $0.66 in the second quarter last year and $0.65 from the first quarter. We are increasing our 2010 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $2.75 to $2.80 from $2.69 to $2.75. This reflects a positive trend in our Sunrise portfolio, our debt retirements and our Lillibridge acquisition. This positive trend is indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows that are diversified, high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumptions for our 2010 normalized FFO per share guidance are that total Sunrise NOI for our 79 assets ranges from $139 million to $145 million, up from $128 million to $138 million. Corporate G&A expenses ranges between $41 million and $43 million. You will recall that our original guidance assumed we would invest all of our cash, approximately $150 million mid year which we have now accomplished. Our guidance does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity, deal cost, capital transactions, or litigation expenses or proceeds. Operator if you would please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citi : Quentin (inaudible) is here with me as well. Appreciate the detail on the Lillibridge pricing. Maybe you can spend some time and the difference between the EBITDA yield and effective sort of your NOI yield would imply, let's call it about $13 million of some level of service expenses or corporate G&A of the Lillibridge Enterprise, just sort of backing into the EBITDA relative to the revenues that you've laid out. And I'm just curious as you think about that $13 million, how much of that is real service expenses that get tied to the service revenues versus how much is really corporate?
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So we're going to be looking at the Lillibridge business as an integrated whole and then in pieces. So as we promised, we wanted to be a lot more transparent about what the valuation metrics were and so we're glad to provide this additional information. So if you look at the integrated P&L as we had talked about, it's about 15.5 of EBITDA so you've got obviously your NOI and we've given you kind of a range on that of 27 to 28 and then you'll basically have 10ish in service revenues and approximately 15ish in expenses, and those aren't really broken out by individual service lines so we're generally thinking of that as one integrated P&L statement, and that's how the street really looks at the integrated businesses like HR and Cogdell Spencer.
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  So I'm just thinking about you're running Ventas an efficient organization of $40 million of G&A, $15 million for $400 million purchase price seems like a lot and I understand that it's a much more service-oriented business and there's a lot more integrated into it. I'm just trying to get a clearer sense of how much of that supports the call it $11 million of service revenues versus just management?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean its right, but again it's a sort of unified whole because we obviously we're acquiring over 200 individuals. Our take on this transaction and why we're so excited about it is it does enable us to get these internal capabilities, development, property management, which as is very labor intensive and people intensive and to have a scalable platform that we can grow and be able to do so in an accretive way. If I were you I would just again sort of look at the business as an integrated P&L and certainly what we are expecting is that this will allow us to grow without adding additional overhead, so it's a very kind of scalable platform and then also overtime, we would expect to kind of gain additional efficiencies, as we get both businesses to run as one company. So you won't see as we break out the MOB segment particular breakdowns of the expenses as between sort of the advisory business or the property management business or so on, because we are looking at it as that integrated whole.
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  So will you be reporting the property, this $11 million of service that won't be a separate line item with associated expenses to it? You'll just take the $15 million added to your G&A, and then you'll have service revenue line item of 11 million?
Debra Cafaro: Essentially, yes, so we will likely have an MOB segment as we go forward which would combine both, our MOBs, as well as the Lillibridge MOBs and service businesses, in one unified whole.
Michael Bilerman - Citi :  Well I guess I mean the scalability of it, I mean if you think about in three years out, how much potentially could drop to the bottom line in terms of efficiency then?
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, I think if we can really grow this business and make acquisitions and do developments, it's both for fee and on balance sheet, we are going to capture a lot more earnings within Ventas, both because we'll have higher yielding on balance sheet developments, because we'll be capturing all the profit internally, we'll also presumably have fee business and then, we won't be adding overhead. So, I would expect overtime that the again the unified P&L, will the service business loss effectively will shrink or the NOI and revenues will increase and in either case the bottom line will improve.
Michael Bilerman - Citi :  And just the last question just relating, to the expense recapture, what exactly triggered that? How did it become uncovered? What sort of period is it covering?
Debra Cafaro: Okay and you're switching to Sunrise? 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Yes. 
Debra Cafaro: We have contracts with Sunrise that have some significant benefits in them. Among those benefits are expense controls and we have received from time to time if Sunrise exceeds those expense controls cash payments from them for those overruns and we've received those in the past. This payment was for '08, a combination of '08 and '09. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : You mentioned that I guess expectations for MOB over the next years, it should grow 30 plus percent, I think you said in the next 10 years. Can you just talk about, sorry? 
Debra Cafaro: The asset type, yes. 
Jeff Spector - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch :  That asset type, so I guess can you just talk about that a little bit more, that analysis, how or whatever company came up with that is deriving that and the evidence I guess of even though there's an increase in Medicaid patients and so forth that that will definitely mean there will be a need for more MOBs? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, these are industries. This is that the MOB asset class is expected to grow sort of outpatient is expected to grow 30% and that's really the source of it is SG2 consulting which is a well known healthcare consulting firm and that's for example, compared to inpatient which may shrink actually during the same period and it goes to this theme of the positive sort of macro trends where you want to drive patience to the lowest cost most clinically appropriate setting which is potentially these outpatient areas, so that's where the data comes from. Does that answer your question?
Jeff Spector - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch :  And maybe switching over to assisted living, independent living. The housing market remains rocky. Your operating portfolio continues to improve. I know that Nick reported stronger trends for assisted living versus IL. How do you explain, I guess, the dynamics of what's going on here because I know a lot of folks really look at the housing market as a critical sign post of turning point for those businesses? 
Ray Lewis:  So our portfolio is, our operating portfolio of Sunrise assets are high quality need driven assisted living product as contrasted the lower acuity independent living product which is more correlated to the housing market. Basically the residents that live in our buildings don't really have any alternative to stay in their homes any longer. They need the services that our buildings provide and they are not capable of living independently in their home.  So while they have the ability to potentially delay the decision for a few months, they can't postpone it indefinitely and that's why I think you're seeing both in the industry and then within our portfolio that assisted living and Alzheimer have held up extremely well even through the depths of the downturn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus : Let's see, a couple things. So you bought out a couple of the Sunrise minority interest. I guess I was a little curious as to what prompted you to buy two, whether you think this rate is indicative of others you might do, whether there's more of that stuff potentially in the acquisition pipeline?
Ray Lewis: That transaction occurred pursuant to a maturity of debt on two of the assets and it just seemed to make the most sense for both companies for us to pay off the debt in exchange for receiving the minority interest. We got a cap rate of nine plus percent that for those minority interests seemed appropriate and then the company Sunrise was able to preserve capital for other uses, so it seemed to be the right transaction for both companies at the time. With respect to additional transactions and what those might look like, as we've said in the past, we're in constant discussions with sunrise. We're talking about different ways that we might be able to work together including acquisition of additional minority interest and so those types of discussions continue. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus : And do you have more debt maturing this year, next year on the portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: I think there is three additional assets that would be this year.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus : Okay and just one other request on that portfolio. It would be great if we can get numbers adjusted for the currency exchanges because it's hard then to sort out kind of what the real like rate changes and that sort of stuff EX the currency I think Sunrise provides it that way when they finally report, but it would just be helpful to do that because the currency helped a little bit it may hurt in the future, just be good to get it both ways. Just one or two things more, if I could. Do you have any sense on the schedule for the HCP appeal? Your not being at attorney
Debra Cafaro: We do. The briefing, as you'll recall, we have $102 million judgment in the Federal Court in Kentucky and HCT has posted a bond in that amount in our favor. HCP has appealed the verdict against it and we have cross-appealed as well to achieve potentially higher damages. The matter has been fully briefed and the briefing is complete and an oral argument will be scheduled by the court some time presumably in the fourth quarter or first quarter and then a decision will be rendered thereafter. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus : And then the last thing I just wonder if we can get anymore color on acquisitions. I mean think I Ray you made sort of a general statement you'd be investing in all property types. There's a number of things out there, obviously you've been doing a lot in MOBs. You've got a TRS. There's somewhat more talk about TRS structures. There is some strategic portfolios coming. Any place where you see priorities or any color to what's driving deals would be helpful? 
Ray Lewis: Sure. Clearly, as we've said so far in our comments and questions and answers, we are - I'm very focused on continuing to grow our medical office building business. We've talked about the premise for that and with the Lillibridge acquisition we certainly now have the additional resources relationships and access to opportunities that will, I think, turbo charge that activity.  I think, the other areas that we're very interested you made reference to a couple of them, Jerry, seniors housing we continue to like the supply demand fundamentals in that marketplace as well as the forward-looking demographics. There are a number of opportunities to pursue in that space and we're excited about working on those. The TRS structure, I think, is appropriate for the seniors housing space. If you believe where we are in the cycle as being a good entry point, then you'd be willing to use the TRS. We certainly have additional capacity to do that so we would be interested in those types of transactions.  With respect to skilled nursing, as you point out, there are a number of companies that have either near term liquidity needs or private equity or other recapitalization requirements that could present opportunities for us. We are comfortable with and understand the space and that's another area where we would deploy capital. So as I said in my opening remarks, we're pleased to get the Lillibridge transaction done. We're not done with acquisitions for the year. We're working on a lot of things and we'll continue to make progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with Keybanc. Please proceed.
Karin Ford - Keybanc : Wanted to see if we could breakdown the guidance increase components? It looked like you raised the Sunrise NOI $0.06 a share. You said Lillibridge was going to be slightly accretive this year. It looks like you had some debt savings on the redemption and you raised the mid-point about $0.55. Are those numbers right or are there other components driving it as well? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can talk to you about it, the way we looked at it is sort of first half to second half, and I'll let Rick take that. 
Rick Schweinhart : Okay, I think if you look at from the first half if you kind of start off with where we are, take off the $3 million or $0.02 and then kind of double that and add your $0.02 back. I think what we're seeing is about $0.02 due to Lillibridge, maybe $0.02 due to the bond pay off and everything else kind of netting out. So I think that's kind of generally the way it comes down. 
Debra Cafaro: Very high level, but…
Karin Ford - Keybanc : Okay, fair enough. A question on Lillibridge. Can you talk about the leasing prospects and where you hope to get the occupancy up from 87% today? Can you also talk about what the potential development pipeline is in the portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can. In terms of leasing, as I mentioned the wholly owned assets, the 34 stabilized or about 94% occupied, the full stabilized is about as you pointed out 87ish and we are actually working with Todd and the team to develop a very aggressive and targeted program to increase NOI and leasing so we're hopeful that we can have some internal growth as well as acquisition growth from the portfolio and I think we'll be, there are some leasing prospects currently and I think we'll have more details for you when we sit down in the third quarter. 
Karin Ford - Keybanc : Okay and then just finally I guess following up on Michael's question on sort of G&A from Lillibridge going forward, it looks like you raised your G&A guidance about $2 million at the mid point. If you annualize that it's about a $4 million annual run rate. Is that the right addition of G&A from Lillibridge?
Debra Cafaro: Well, the G&A guidance increased really at Ventas Corporate. And all of the impacts of increases to G&A at Lillibridge are embedded in those services in that integrated sort of 15 times EBITDA number that I gave you, so that's basically, its all of the Lillibridge expenses including any expenses from the $10 million, the amortization of the $10 million retention stock award that was granted to key employees to promote retention and alignment as well as new employment contracts for the CEO and the CFO of the business, that's all embedded in the Lillibridge numbers that we gave you as opposed to Ventas Corporate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dustin Pizzo of UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : Hi, it's Ross Nussbaum here with Dustin. On Lillibridge, just to be clear the yields and multiples in the press release are those based off of the $381 million purchase price? 
Debra Cafaro: Well, the EBITDA multiple is but in terms of the cap rate and the services businesses there we have a preliminary allocation of the 381 which is subject to allocation from evaluation exercise, that 93% would be real estate and 7% would be services and so the cap rate is based on let's call it 354. Real Estate value give or take and the 2.5 times revenues is based on the revenues and the sort of 25, 27ish million value for the Lillibridge platform businesses if you want to call it that the brand, the relationship, all of that. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : Right so they don't, but it doesn't include the 10 million stock grant and the 4 million or so of deal expenses? 
Debra Cafaro: The purchase price does not but the P&L numbers that we provided to you do include and we're not, they do include the stock award. The amortization of stock award and the employment relationships, the new employment relationships that we have with the CEO and the CFO and the MOB business. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : So part of that $10 million would be in the second half run rate on the expense side is what you're saying?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely. Yes.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : Got it, okay. Second question. You had made some commentary on the plus side on Medicare. I don't know if I missed it, but I didn't hear anything on the Medicaid side because that outlook seems materially worse than the Medicare outlook and I'm just curious what your commentary there is with respect to the potential Medicaid cuts that are coming whether it's in the next year, the next three years out of the states?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I'm happy you asked that actually. So the Medicare rates are projected to go up for sniff and Elpacks as you mentioned. If you look at a business like Kindred for example, the Elpack business is only less than 10% Medicaid. It's almost all Medicare and Managed Care. And if you look at the sniff business for Kindred, they have about 58% Medicare and a private pay and the revenues and the balance is Medicaid. We actually do believe that Medicaid will increase, and again in healthcare, when people talk about cuts a lot of times they're talking about reductions in the rate of growth, not necessarily cuts, and it's our own internal expectation that Medicaid on the whole portfolio at skilled nursing will actually be positive and we believe and it's not certain, but we believe Congress will extend the SMAP assistance to the State, which in turn supports in many cases the Medicaid program. So we do think Medicaid will be in the positive range. We do think the Medicare story is positive as you mentioned. So we really feel good about the triple net Kindred business.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : So when states like Kansas cut the Medicaid reimbursements by 10%, do you think that's more of an anomaly? 
Debra Cafaro: I do, and again you have to be really careful about what this all really is when people talk about headlines versus what it really is when it comes down to the bottom-line and we don't have any nursing homes in Kansas, so I can't comment on that. So we'll be happy to talk to you about it. But overall, we still believe reimbursement across the board is going to be positive more so on the Medicare side.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : Got it. Well while we're on the Sniffs there was a lot of attention I guess in the last few months from the legal ruling out in California against skilled healthcare Group and I'm just curious from your perspective, do you think that we're going to see this wave of ambulance chasing going after every skilled nursing owner in the country as a result of that. And how do you as the owner of the facility as opposed to the Operator feel about your potential legal responsibilities? 
Debra Cafaro: Okay, I'll take those. I feel very confident to answer both those questions. As a REIT, again remember, we are the super senior secured piece of paper in the tenant's capital structure, okay. And then, so that is we believe the best way to invest in healthcare assets has been a great secure way to invest for our shareholders and so we feel good about that. Legally, we cannot have input into the operations of the assets. And for a whole variety of reasons including that, we cannot be liable in relation to the operations at the assets, so that's important number one.  Number two, part of what we are supposed to be doing and I believe we do is try to do business with leading operators in their states. Now remember Kindred is a leading post acute provider in the United States. They have sophistication, scale, and the resources to be compliant with regulations. We only have six nursing homes in California. I should point that out. And Kindred is very rigorous about following staffing requirements, what was at issue in the matter that the skilled healthcare matter. And we monitor that compliance, but they are really the first line of defense and they monitor that very rigorously. So that's where we are on that subject. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS : Okay, last question. On the Sunrise front, Mark and Greg have been pretty clear that they need some equity or some recapitalization of the company. It would make sense that Ventas would be involved in that in some sense and I'm just wondering if the acquisition of the minority interest that you just did this quarter was a little bit of a precursor to a larger involvement of Ventas with Sunrise at the corporate level. 
Debra Cafaro: Like the little training wheel deal. Well, look. As Ray said we're talking to Sunrise all the time about a variety of ways that we can potentially engage in mutually beneficial transactions. And we've both openly talked about the possibility of acquiring minority interest. There are still, I think, 58 assets or so where they own 15-25% interest. And we would continue to talk about those with them as well as other possibilities. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: On the Lillibridge acquisition frankly the high 7% cap rate seems high to me for an on campus portfolio presumably with good quality. I'm wondering what drove that number up to that range. I was thinking more closer to a seven type number in terms of my analysis. Are you assuming occupancy improvement from the 87 to get to the high sevens? 
Debra Cafaro:   Again the fully integrated P&L and it does represent an attractive 150 to $160 per square foot for our share of the asset. I think when we look to acquire the interest from the institutional partner, we very much wanted the Lillibridge team and the capabilities and as we've mentioned all of the things that the company provides but we, the cap rate is high but then again there are these that as you look at the P&L, the 15 times EBITDA we thought was a reasonable multiple, and so really it's just an allocation issue as to how you allocate to the real estate versus the services business and the cap rates, we think appropriate in the context of the integrated P&L business at a 15 times EBITDA.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: And in terms of the future, the future holds for you and the MOB business, what is currently sort of in your mind an optimal level, right now you're, I guess, a little bit north of 8% of the businesses in medical office now with Lillibridge. Where do you see Ventas going over the next several years in terms of its exposure to the business to its overall portfolio?
Ray Lewis: Well Rich, this is Ray. I'd like to see that percentage be more like 15 or 20% of our portfolio. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that's good. And then with regard to the joint venture arrangements you have embedded within the transaction, to what extent do you see that as a pipeline of acquisitions over the next year or two to take out some of those partners interest if at all? 
Ray Lewis: Yes, sure. I mean we have the right the first offer embedded in those and other contractual rights that could lead to an opportunity to acquire those assets as in when the joint venture partners look for liquidity so that is definitely a benefit of the transaction that we are excited about. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and lastly, to Rick. Is there any material change to the balance sheet July 1 after I guess not? You're just kind of moving debt for debt type transactions with regard to the debt pay down, is that right or you still…? 
Rick Schweinhart: I'd say that since we bought the whole thing with cash, you're going to see a little bit of an increase in the net debt to EBITDA but not very much. 
Debra Cafaro: And we assumed $125 million of debt. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: One last question. Relative to that 87%, what is viewed as like the normalized occupancy in that portfolio? I mean, has it maybe this is a question for Todd or somebody, but has it been normally above 90% over history? 
Debra Cafaro: We believe it was in the sort of 89ish, 89 to 90 and so that will be a target to really as we discuss sort of get that occupancy and the NOI improving. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino with Barclays Capital. Please proceed. 
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital : Just a quick follow-up on comments about the $3 million expenses from Sunrise. Is that on the expense line and your stabilized portfolio? 
Debra Cafaro: It is it's an expense. It's on the expense line but it's across all 79 assets. 
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital : All 79, okay. So I guess the pricing of the 178 average daily rate is not… 
Debra Cafaro: That's correct. It doesn't affect the average daily rate which was a good level of 178. 
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital : Okay. And then just on the back half of the year for margins in the Sunrise portfolio, what are your expectations in terms of potentially keep it where it is or if there's going to be any additional pressure? 
Debra Cafaro: So when we look at the second half of the year, in our guidance at the mid point we're assuming that it'll look a lot like the first half of the year, ex that $3 million payment. I think what we're expecting is that occupancy will trend up a little bit, ADR will be flat and we'll probably see some expense creep as we always have in the second half of the year as utilities and other back-end loaded expenses grow, we'll perhaps compress margins slightly. But the net-net effect of all of that should be a second half that looks a lot like the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Suzanne Kim] with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst : Just calling about a couple of different things. What are your opportunities with the managed properties? Are they about the same quality as your owned properties as Lillibridge acquisition?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. As you mentioned, of the $6.9 million square feet in the Lillibridge portfolio, we do manage for third parties about 1.2 million square feet, 31 buildings, and those are managed for both hospitals and private owners, and over time, it's a classic real estate opportunity that over time sometimes property managers who are also owners have opportunities to buy those buildings and time will tell that certainly it's - like the (inaudible) certainly another place where there is a long term potential opportunity, or it could lead to development opportunities as well.
Unidentified Analyst : So do you think the quality is about the same?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's comparable.
Unidentified Analyst : It's comparable. And with regard to the management platform that you just purchased, are there synergies with the current portfolio and that of Lillibridge?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I think - I'll answer that directly. On the 15 times EBITDA, we have paid these multiples and these cap rates on in place NOI and EBITDA, and so we feel very good about that valuation. Over time, we do believe that we will capture, we believe it's scalable; we will capture more profit through acquisitions, development, property management, et cetera, without adding additional overhead.  And over time, there may be efficiencies that are obtained as we combine our organizations into one company. And - but again, the acquisitions really about strategic growth. And if we can scale the platform and retain development profits and do see development and really grow the NOI and not grow the overhead, we are going to capture a lot of that to the bottom line.
Unidentified Analyst : One last question. I'm just curious about the MOB sector in general, wondering about the segmentation of that. How big do you think in terms of square footage is the current market out there and how much do you think that's sort of the larger players and maybe it's some of the REITs have what percentage do you think that they have control over?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's about $175 billion market and it's very highly fragmented. I mean, hospitals are by far and away the lion's share owners of the assets and that's really I think where the opportunity ultimately, that's a big part of the opportunity because the hospitals are not necessarily the most efficient owners of the assets. They have a lot of capital needs and we are a much more efficient owner of the assets. The Lillibridge team has the relationship with those hospitals. So over time, we believe the macro trend, again a long term secular trend will be that the hospitals will want to sell the assets to owners like ourselves and that's the opportunity.
Rick Schweinhart: But the REITs just own a very, very small percentage of the total market. I mean not even a measurable percentage.
Ray Lewis: So the good news and this is partly why we feel good about being in this business. We only need a little tiny part of this market to be wildly successful, and I've got to believe with our balance sheet and the Lillibridge team and a track record and the relationship that we will be able to achieve that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: The $76 million in mortgage debt that still remains outstanding from the Lillibridge portfolio, what are the maturities for those and does your guidance assume that any part of that's paid off this year?
Debra Cafaro: There's 76 on the wholly owned and then 49 on our share on the joint venture assets. The 76 is longer dated debt and it goes way out and so you should not assume we'll pay that off. The 49 about 80% of it comes to by 2013.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: And then on the four senior housing communities that were sold in the quarter, did you provide any seller financing on those?
Debra Cafaro: Nope. Those were all cash transactions.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, were they subject to a tenant purchase option?
Rick Schweinhart: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: I thing it's cleared that most of my questions just a couple things I want to clarify. When you talk about the Lillibridge NOI, is that the consolidated for the 38 that you own plus the equity income on the joint ventures?
Rick Schweinhart: Exactly. It's our pro-rata share on the JVs and 100% on the wholly owned.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: Okay, and then the discussion you had of the Lillibridge related expenses, are those going to be kept separate from G&A or are you just, at this point for illustrative purposes when Rick was talking about G&A they are separate and you'll figure out treatment on your income statement later?
Rick Schweinhart: Yes, they will be in our P&L and then they will be segmented.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: Okay, fair enough. And then when I look at the capital expenses to-date, obviously that changes post-Lillibridge. They've been lighter than last year. Should we be looking at any particular seasonality for CapEx or is that something we should ratable assume it's spread over the year?
Rick Schweinhart:  Definitely not ratable. I think experience from time in memorial is that people get budgets and they spend all of the money in the latter half of the year, so we'll definitely ramp up towards the third and fourth quarters in terms of cash expenditures.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then last question I had when I look at the revised guidance, the normalizing adjustments went up a lot, even more than what we see in the first half of the year. Do I assume a lot of that is integration expense?
Rick Schweinhart: Yes, I mean it's the old costs which are the biggest part of it which as you'll recall in the old days would be capitalized but under the new rules are not capitalized, so deal cost is the biggest percentage of that and then some integration and transition expenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies and Company.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company : Quick question, in regards to Lillibridge and you did talk about occupancies and kind of the target of 89 versus 87 right now, could you give us a sense of as you kind of look at the company and your outlook for the MOB space over the next 12 months what you expect in regards to the ability to maintain margins on the same kind of sense of what you think the same-store NOI growth out of that just the Lillibridge portfolio could be? 
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think what we mentioned is that we're actively working on a very detailed leasing plan with targeted leasing to improved NOI and improved occupancy and I think what we'd like to do is really provide you with more color as and when we get closer to providing 2011 overall guidance. 
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company: Okay. I'm thinking of 2011 guidance. That's helpful. That's okay. And then on the skilled nursing side of the business, with some of your tenants now they probably have received some of their rate change letters from the different states. Just curious what you're hearing from them in regards to rate changes they're seeing in particular states which states are up, which states are flattish, which states are down materially? 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, we really have very diversified portfolio. As we think about diversification of our portfolio across four metrics, by tenant, by asset type, by reimbursement source and by geography. And so we're in 44 states in Canada. And so that one of the benefits of that geographic diversification is that Medicaid is a state by state program.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company: Right.
Debra Cafaro: And none of our states really account for one or two may account for more than 10% of our NOI and not all of that will come from nursing homes, so when you really get down to it, we have the benefit of a broadly diversified portfolio. And as I mentioned Medicare on the skilled nursing is going to be up and that's a positive. And we continue to believe that on average, we will see positive Medicaid. It will be a small positive increase but we do believe that Medicaid rates on average are going to be positive. 
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company: I guess I understand when you kind of have it at the top level that assessment, but I was just kind of curious even if an average are up slightly just what the dispersion was in regards to some states that are really up versus some states that are really down. Do you have a sense of that at this point or not really? 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we do but again, as the landlord, these are very small changes in various states Medicaid reimbursements have essentially a de minimis impact. They have no impact on our earnings or our rent and they have a de minimis impact even on coverages. And so we're really focused on the total portfolio and gaining the benefits of that diversified portfolio and so that's probably the best way to think about it is that overall, we expect it to be positive. 
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies and Company: All right, and then Ray, your previous comment in regards to the MOB portfolio, your target of MOB hopefully being 10% to 15% caught my attention. Does that, now that you're done with Lillybridge and you're at eight, does that basically mean other public REITs for example, that are out there, small platforms could still be of potential interest to you on the MOB side?
Rick Schweinhart: Sure, and what I said I think was 15% to 20% of our portfolio and so obviously, that is a sizeable investment appetite. As Debby pointed out in her comments, it's a huge universe and a lot of the MOBs are owned by hospitals that will need capital over time, hospitals that Todd and his team already have relationships with either as a Manager or just through their general calling and relationship building efforts, so that's the biggest opportunity set. As we mentioned, the REITs themselves own a very small percentage of the medical office target set. That being said, we are always considering opportunities, always looking at ways to grow the Company. We've always said that we think there should be less, not more healthcare REITs and so if and when the right opportunity presented itself we would certainly pursue it.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I think we have one more question?
Operator: Yes, your final question comes from the line of John Roberts with (inaudible). Please proceed
John Roberts : I following up on that last question, could you discuss a little comparison with where you are now and where you see the Company going on a property type basis, and the types of capital you most look like you're going to tap going forward at least in the near-term for acquisitions? 
Rick Schweinhart: Well, I'll attack the first part of that question, which is clearly we are going to grow our medical office portfolio disproportionately to the balance of our portfolio. I would expect our seniors housing portfolio to remain relatively constant in terms of percentages as the portfolio grows, and I would expect skilled nursing and hospitals to shrink as a percentage of the portfolio. However, we will continue to make investments in that area, just not at the same rate that we make them in seniors housing and medical office. Is that helpful? 
John Roberts : Absolutely.
Debra Cafaro : Okay, and then so we have as usual, I think we have a pretty well defined and articulated investment strategy. In terms of funding that strategy, we have worked very hard for a long period of time to get the kind of balance sheet strength that we now have and as Rick pointed out we're about four times debt to EBITDA at the end of the quarter. And so we have access to lots of different pockets of low cost capital and I think we have quite a bit of continued acquisition capacity using those various forms of debt capital going forward. 
John Roberts : So the majority of the near-term acquisition capital would be debt? 
Debra Cafaro : Yes, I mean, I think that we very much value our strong balance sheet and we will continue to manage the firm extremely prudently and with an eye toward moving up the credit curve as we have done. But at the same time, I think we have lots of room in that balance sheet to continue, lots of both room on the credit stats as well as liquidity to continue to grow and diversify the business. So, with that, is that our last question, David?
Debra Cafaro : Okay, great. So I really want to thank everyone for participating in today's call and we as always we very much appreciate your interest in Ventas. We're happy to report excellent results and as, we are very focused on building an excellent and sustainable enterprise that will deliver value to stakeholders through our productive high quality diversified asset base, a secured financial profile, consistent and growing cash dividends, and accretive acquisitions. So with that we look forward to talking to all of you and thank you again for your time today.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Ray Lewis - EVP and CIO Rick Schweinhart - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Michael Bilerman - Citi David Shamas - Citigroup Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital Karin Ford - KeyBanc Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co. Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q1 2010 Ventas earnings conference call. My name is Tamina and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. David Smith. Please proceed, sir.
David Smith: Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31st, 2010. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning under Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly, any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company supplementary disclosure schedule are available in the investor relations sections of our web site at www.ventasrate.com. I will now turn the call to Debra Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company. 
Debra Cafaro:  Thanks David and good morning to all of our share holders and participants and welcome to the Ventas 2010 first quarter earnings call. My Ventas colleagues and I are pleased to be joining you today from our Chicago office. Today, we will have a brief overview of the quarter followed by a portfolio performance review and investment outlook from Ray Lewis and a detailed discussed of financial results from Rich Schweinhart. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to answer your questions. Ventas first quarter results showed continued strong and improving financial results including and normalized FSO per share at $0.57 at the clinical growth rate of 1.6% in an ally for our Sunrise managed portfolio and reliable and increasing rent in our tripe net leased portfolio. Overall, our portfolio of high quality productive senior housing and house care assets enjoying 4.3% same store cash NOI growth in the quarter compared to last year. During the quarter, we were very pleased to share our growing cash flows with our stock holders by paying the cash dividends at annual rate at $2.14 per share. This represents a 4.4% increase from our 2009 dividend level and demonstrates the confidence we have in our company, our assets our assets and our process. We have also made continued significant progress on the credit rating and liquidity side.  We believe strongly and have stated consistently that reducing our cost of capital and managing risk. Our team measures of our ability to succeed on behalf of shareholders. Having three investment grade ratings and a recent positive outlook revision for S&P will help us achieve our goal of lower debt cost. They also serve as important indicator that we continue to manage the firm prudently on your behalf. Turning to our balance sheet, our unsecured line of credit stand at a $1 billion of committed capital, maturing in 2012. We have received a total of $410 million in additional commitment since we extended our line in March 2009 including over 200 million of additional commitments received from the beginning of this year. This liquidity condition creates excellent financial flexibility and provides a ready source of capital progress. We are sincerely delighted to have a great lineup of quality vendor, those long time Ventas supporters and new institutions backing us on with their participation in our line of credit. Finally, I want to emphasize the consistency and reliability of a tax growth in the health care and senior housing real estate phase. Throughout the recent and severe economic downturn, Ventas delivered positive same store underlying growth and FFO. And our ability to deliver the carrier returns to stakeholders is not limited to recessionary period. In fact, healthcare race for the top performing sector for the tax re-size and tenure period all of all real property factors. Our business model relationship, rate management team and financial strength should allow us to drive in a variety of economic capital market and reimbursement environment. The healthcare real estate representing a $700 billion growing market, Ventas is an excellent position to capitalize on opportunities and it continues to build shareholder value. Ray?
Ray Lewis: Thanks Debby. Our diversified portfolio high-quality healthcare and seniors housing assents exhibited another strong performance during the first quarter, driven by cash flow growth in both our triple-net leased and third-party managed operating portfolios. You recall that 75% of our NOI come from our pool mobile facility maps releases with credit and structural support that can track growth escalations. Another 23% comes from our high quality operating portfolio of senior housing and MOB assets. During the first quarter of 2010, same store cash NOI under 397 assets and our triple-net leased portfolio increased by 2.85 over the first quarter of 2009. Cash NOI in our hospitals grew 2.6%, senior’s housing grew 2.7% and skilled nursing delivered 3% growth versus the prior period. Ventas’ triple-net lease-to-assets continue to displace stable cash flow coverage of 1.8 times through the fourth quarter of 2009, the latest date reported. It is important to remember that Ventas has cash flows for rent from our triple-net leased tenant are not affected by as in flows and our operator’s cash flows due to changes in the operating results or reimbursement. We are the most senior obligation in our tenant’s capital structure and are large pool guaranteed master leases are designed to anticipate and absorb changed in tenant EBITDA overtime. That is why our triple-net leased cash flow conjunction system and reliable growth year-after-year. Our triple-net lease portfolio has very limited near-term maturities. The weighted average remaining lease term for our triple-net leased assets is approximately 6.5 years and only 1% of our triple-net portfolio is up for renewal before 2013. So our triple-net leased portfolio continued to perform very well and beyond track to provide same store cash growth in 2010 exceeding 2.5% consistent with what we have said in our February call. Now let's turn to our operating portfolio which consists of 79 high end mansion style system living communities managed by Sunrise Senior living and 26 medical office building. Performance in our combined operating portfolio is also very strong with annualized growth in the first quarter of 2010 of 16.6% versus the first quarter of 2009, up from a combination of both acquisition and improving fundamental. First, I will discuss our portfolio at senior housing community managed by Sunrise from which we derived 18% of our ST level NOI. These communities delivered $33.8 million of NOI in the first quarter, an increase of $500,000 or 1.6% over the fourth quarter of 2009 despite the fact that first quarter had two fewer days. Perhaps more encouraging is the fact that Sunrise NOI grew 11% on year-over-year basis. In each case, NOI improvements in our Sunrise portfolio were driven by higher rate and higher margin. During the quarter, we saw positive trends in average daily rate as many of our U.S. communities were able to increase resident rate on the first of the year.  At the first quarter, average daily rate was $178, up 2.4% over the fourth quarter, year-over-year, the ADR increased 4.8%, driven by a combination of annual rate increases and favorable changes in the Canadian exchange rate. Margins in the portfolio also trended positively during the first quarter, increasing 50 basis points, 31.3% sequentially, notably margin also showed an improvement of 170 basis point over the first quarter of 2009. NOI for 78 stable communities improved this quarter, rising to $33.1 million, an increase of 10% year-over-year and 1% sequentially. Occupancy softened to 88.4% down 40 basis points compared to the fourth quarter and 60 basis points compared to last year.  Our loan lease of asset had a great quarter. Steel at the high end independent living and assisted living building in Toronto NOI occupancy and rate at this property all improved significantly versus prior period as the building continues to trend towards stabilization.  So to sum it up our Sunrise portfolio has started the year well and is in line with our previously issued NOI guidance of $128 to $138 million. The rest of Ventas’ operating portfolio is comprised of over 1.7 million square feet of medical office buildings which accounts for about 5% of our total NOI.  This portfolio of which over 80% is located on campuses of major hospital systems again provided stable and growing cash flow for Ventas. Starting with our same store stabilized pool of 18 medical office buildings, Ventas share of NOI in the first quarter increased both sequentially by 2.1% and year-over-year by over 11% to $4.7 million.  Same store medical office building NOI of $4.9 million increased sequentially by 2.1% and year-over-year by 4.3%. Margins also improved compared to prior periods. Occupancy at our medical office building remains strong at over 94% and rents remain stable over the prior period.  We had one property our 93% lease property in Aventura, Florida moved from lease up to stabilize during the first quarter bringing our total stabilized portfolio to 22 buildings and 1.4 million square feet. Our four remaining properties and lease up continue to show positive leasing momentum and perform in line with expectations. Leasing prospects for this portfolio remained positive including 47,000 square feet of leases assigned but not yet an occupancy and a solid forward pipeline of potential tenants. When tenants who have already signed leases move in the occupancy in our four medical office building lease of asset sure to rise from 73% to over 87% and we expect occupancy to increase in our leased portfolio to over 90% in the next 12 months. So we are pleased with the company’s progress in medical office. Our portfolio has ground to over 1.7 million square feet accounts for 5% of our total NOI continues to provide reliable and growing cash flow and is currently generating an un-leveraged yield on investment of over 8.5.  We continue to believe that MOBs present a compelling long term investment thesis. The sector will be fueled by the baby boomer demographic that is turning 65, and becoming Medicare eligible in 2011 additionally this over 65 population is also growing at three times the rate of the total population over the next 10 years. We believe that over time health care reform in increasing coverage for the uninsured will also increase utilization of outpatient health care facilities such as medical office building And finally as health care providers continue to seek ways of generating capital; we expect to see a continued trend of hospital asset monetization that will transfer ownership to more efficient holder of real-estate such as health care we expect that this area will continue to be a focus for us in 2010. While we are on that topic, let’s turn it to the acquisition outlook for a moment. You may recall that we began to ramp up our investment level during the second half of 2009 and during the first quarter we began to see an increase in the number of opportunities coming to market. Improvements in both the debt and equity capital market should lead to an increasing number of transactions being completed in the market as the year goes on. However given the improving general economic environment the amount of capital looking to invest in cash flow and real-estate and the strong underlying fundamentals of health-care and senior housing, we expected that acquisitions, the market for acquisition will be increasingly competitive, we have positioned the company well for 16 by creating an investment great balance sheet with tremendous liquidity and access to multiple low cost sources of capital. We are currently working on a variety of investments opportunities both large and small.  With our resources financial strength and relationships we are committed further growing and diversifying our business in 2010. With that I will turn the call over to Richard Schweinhart and to discuss our financial results, Rick?
Rick Schweinhart:  Thank you Ray, the highlights of the first quarter are that operating income was up from last years first quarter and increased also compared to the fourth quarter. First quarter normalized FFO was $0.67 per diluted share. Additionally we continue to focus on the gaining strong balance sheet double liquidity and increasing cash flow from operations.  At March 31, our cash balance was $133 million and we have only $38 million outstanding on a revolving credit facility. Currently we have $992 million of undrawn availability and cash on hand is approximately $126 million. Our credit status remained excellent with net debt to pro-forma EBITDA to 4.1 tons and our fixed charge coverage ratio at 3.2 times.  Our March 31, 2010 debt to enterprise value is 27%, our cash flow from operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, increased to 116 million from a 114 million with a comparable quarter last year and 99 million in the fourth quarter. Details of the first quarter earnings are normalized FFO was $105.2 million or $0.67 per diluted share. Normalize FFO experienced $2.2 million consisting of merger related expenses, deal cost and income tax benefit. First quarter normalized FFO increased from last years first quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios, triple net sunrise managed and medical office building and rollover interest expense. Triple net lease revenues grew to $117.0 million from $114.1 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Under NOI increased 11%, to $33.8 million this quarter from $30.5 million last year. Also year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $8 million from $5.4 million primarily due to acquisitions. Interest expense decrease to $44.3 million from $45.9 million in the first quarter last primarily as a result of lower debt balances in the forward. G&A and stock based compensation was fairly flat of last year. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at 157 million increased 10% over first quarter of last year due to our second quarter of 2009 equity issuance and remained fairly flat versus $156.7 million in the fourth. First quarter had for diluted share increased to $0.65 compared to 40.64 in the first quarter last year and $0.62 in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our 2010 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $2.69 to $2.75. We continue to see year-over-year growth in our earnings per share even though we have 3% more shares outstanding for the year.  This positive trend as indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows, where our diversified high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumptions for our 2010 normalized FFO for share guidance haven’t changed. They are total sunrise NOI for our 79 assets ranges from $128 million to $138 million, G&A expenses ranges between $39 million and $41 million and we invest our cash on hand by mid year. But our guidance does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity. Deal costs, capital transaction or litigation expenses are proceeds. Operator, if you will please open the call for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Hi, good morning guys, this is David Shamas here with Michael. With respect to the margins in senior housing, and I guess medical office as well, in the past you guys mentioned that you expected them to come down. But it looks like it actually went the other way, so was it really one time items driving that? Or should we expect that going forward? 
Richard Schweinhart: No, the margins have with respect to the senior housing assets in many ways, David, the margins have pretty consistently trended or arranged within the 30 to 33% range. I think we’re pretty squarely in the middle of that range, from quarter-to-quarter you may get some fluctuation of margins depending upon expense, trend, seasonality et cetera but I wouldn't draw any particular conclusion from the margins in this quarter, I think they are within our normal tolerances.
David Shamas - Citigroup: Just turning to opportunities, can you just give a little bit color about what you are seeing in the market right now with respect to enterprise level or just operating transactions and what's your appetite right now for larger scale deals?
Rick Schweinhart: Sure, as I said in my opening remarks, the improving economic conditions are definitely going to leave the increase in transaction activity, we are seeing a pipeline building in both large and individual property transaction across all sectors, we are still very interested and continue to grow and diversify our company, we find good large transactions that are strategic fit for us, we are going to pursue them aggressively.
David Shamas - Citigroup: And you mentioned earlier that obviously it is going to get a lot more competitive with respect to the amount of potential buyers. So have your expectations for pricing shifted at all, as a result?
Rick Schweinhart: Yes, I think pricing is going to be competitive for transactions, I think we positioned the company well to compete in that situation, we have low cost to capital, access to multiple capital markets and undrawn revolver, a strong balance sheet with plenty of leverage capacity. So I do expect that the market is going to be competitive, but I think we are very well positioned to succeed.
Operator: Our following question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Just a little more clarity on the acquisition market. Do you feel like you are looking at as many deals as you hoped to be looking at? It is just that it is getting more competitive that might limit the amount of transactions you do? Or are private holders of healthcare real estate not really bringing their assets to sale?
Rick Schweinhart: So Craig I think that’s an important point. The pipeline is active, it’s full, I think transactions are still taking a little bit longer, there’s a little bit of a price discovery exercise going on right now between buyers and sellers. There’s also the effect of improving markets tend to cause sellers to delay their decisions. If you wait a little bit longer, you might get a little bit better deal and so I think what we are seeing is the beginning of the activity, but I don’t really expect it to turn into transactions happening until perhaps later in the year, but we are definitely seeing a lot of inbound inquiries, we are working on stuff, we are going to preliminary pricing exercises and things that will I think lead to good transaction volume down the road.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Where do you think the Sunrise portfolio might end occupancy by the end of this year?
Rick Schweinhart: I think what we’ve said as we’ve provided our guidance is that occupancy will be up slightly from where it ended last year. So I think again I think it will be up slightly, it’s not going to be a big driver this year.
Operator: Our following question comes from Jerry Doctrow with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Looks like you actually increased your investments in loans in the quarter. I just wanted to get your take, confirm that that is indeed, what happened and just get your sense of what was going on there?
Debra Cafaro: We invested about $27 million to $28 million in quarter and calling half of that within the loan and half of it is in the senior housing asset.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: What makes loans interesting at this point, are the yields better, or is it for property level stuff? Are you funding operating? Just a little more color?
Debra Cafaro: It’s small mortgage, first mortgage debt that has really great, we believe great risk-adjusted return.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: And a couple we have already talked about sort of investment prospects. In terms of property types, I think of you guys as sort of focusing more on MOB as kind of being your first choice. If you have a sense of priorities, what kind of property types you focused on?
Rick Schweinhart: MOBs are focus of ours given the opening remarks. We like that sector a lot; we have an investment thesis there that is based on strong growth and demand for that real estate going forward. We really like seniors housing as well. We think the fundamentals in the market are excellent from a supply and demand perspective and we think that in a recovering economy, those assets are poised to do very well. We think there’s going to be some good opportunities in skilled nursing as a number of the private equity firms who have made investments in that space over the last three to five years, look to get liquid. So we think there will be transaction volume and interesting opportunities in that space. So I think MOBs is an area that we like, but skilled nursing and seniors housing are certainly attractive to us as well.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: If you had your druthers, would you remake the portfolio to further increase the non-triple net stuff the operating assets?
Debra Cafaro:  Depends on the opportunity.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: CapEx was a little bit lower than we expected this quarter. Do we expect that to sort of ramp up? I don't know if you provide guidance in that area or not? 
Ray Lewis:  Reset with respect to our Sunrise portfolio Jerry? Or just generally?
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  I think generally. But Sunrise may be the bulk of it.
Ray Lewis: Yeah I think that’s right. The CapEx is typically built towards the end of year. You start the year with your budgets and projects get kicked off and then you stand and complete those projects as the year goes on, so I would expect that to increase through the balance of the year.
Operator:  Our following question comes from Brian Sekino with Barclays Capital.
Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital:  I just wanted to make sure my math is right. With your current guidance for the Sunrise portfolio, 128 to 138, with the results you did in the quarter, kind of at the mid-point, the remainder of the year, your NOI could be slightly down, is that correct?
Rick Schweinhart:  So Brian I think, we provided you with that guidance in our call on February. As we look at the first quarter certainly squarely within the range, we are happy about that, you know the 128 to 138 we still feel very comfortable with that as the range and as the year plays out we would be happy to update that guidance as that becomes more clear what the balance of the year holds for us?
Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital:  Okay. Then just shifting over to the acquisitions that you mentioned, I know someone mentioned about the RIDEA structure becoming more in play. Are you seeing competition increase also for buyers looking to do that kind of structure? And maybe that might be a way to keep pricing where you are willing to do it? Make acquisitions?
Rick Schweinhart: I think I follow your question. The RIDEA structure is not really a new structure, it’s been in the market place for a long time. Private equity firms have been doing managed deals for a long period of time. So we are not really seeing any change I think in the market place in terms of either people offering more RIDEA structures, people asking for more RIDEA structures. I think it really goes back to whether or not the asset has more dynamic cash flows and if it does, maybe appropriate for the REIT to employ a RIDEA structure on that assets, so if it’s an expansion or something where the cash flows are going up, you might want to do a RIDEA structure participate in that. And if it’s a asset with more static cash flows where you are more likely to track CPI overtime then it’s probably more suitable for a triple net lease structure.
Debra Cafaro: I am going to compliment my colleagues here. And we really have a lot of continuity with excellent members of our senior management team who have tremendous field structuring capabilities. I mean that includes our Head of Tax, Brian Wood and we have a lot of proprietary capital and deal structuring experience that really allows us to be very competitive in all kinds of situations because we are really able and willing to do the work to figure out the structure that that works for a seller. And that’s a tremendous advantage in the deal market, particularly, in larger transaction.
Operator: Our following question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc: I wanted to re-ask that Sunrise guidance question, maybe a slightly different way. If you annualize the first quarter NOI, you get something like $135 million or so of NOI. And you mentioned I think previously, that 1Q is a seasonally low quarter, you are getting some lease up and steals, is it sort of, are we thinking about this right? Are you really heading toward the top end of that range?
Rick Schweinhart: I guess, I can’t really answer that any differently, Karin. Like I said we are a month or two into having just provided that guidance, the portfolio is performing well. We’re happy with that and as the year continues to play out then we’ll be happy to update the guidance.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc: The next question was just on lease term fees, you mentioned in the press release you are expecting some associated with the asset sales you are in the process of. How much will they be in and is that include in your FFO guidance?
Debra Cafaro: It is as it always has been as we have sold assets it is a de minimis amount Karin, a couple of hundred thousand.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc: Okay. Just final question is for you Deb, how much time would you say you’re spending these days on the General Growth Board?
Debra Cafaro: Well, that’s my second shift, when I grew up in Pittsburgh a lot of people worked two jobs. I am spending an appropriate amount of time on the GGP Board and now the time I am not spending working on Ventas so the only people who seem to be complaining at the moment are my family. 
Operator: Our following question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets, please proceed.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So on the credit rating news and all that, good stuff obviously for your firm but with that comes some loss flexibility. And I was just wondering how much, you talked about liquidity, $1.1 billion or whatever, how much of that is really available to you before you have to raise equity to do something in order to keep your credit status?
Debra Cafaro: I am really glad you raised the investment grade rating because as you know we’ve really been committed to moving up the credit curve. And we were really happy to get recognized for that at lower our cost to debt which at the end of the day it's really what it's all about because we want to use that to make more money for shareholders. So I don't believe that it reduces our flexibility at all. And I think we’ve always managed the company to really be an investment grade quality company, I think we’ve had really excellent balance sheet and risk management which we would expect to continue. And so I only see the rating agencies to doing any constraints on that, that are not goals that we set for ourselves, which is release and balance, growing tax growth and continually managing risk and that's what we always do and that we will continue to do. So if you look at what we’ve said to all constituencies at overtime we would expect to manage the firm at about a five times EBITDA level we are about four times now. And then over time that could vary may be a turn plus or minus for short periods of time so if you look at that and at about $5 billion. I’ve read about five times I think we have $1 billion or more of investment capacity even just to get to the five times. And so I feel really good about where we are.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Turning to the HCP legal discussion and I know I won't get into any more details about the specifics of it. But every quarter and with every motion and you appeal and all that, you are whittling away at whatever you might get out of that. At what point does this whole process become almost too burdensome in that when you net all the costs associated with it, that it becomes not so much for shareholders?
Debra Cafaro : Well we have always tried to make the best decisions that we can for shareholders and I would say that today our investment has certainly produced an exceptional return, assuming that we can maintain that. And now we are in the appeals process. And I would say the costs are de minimis but the bottom-line is that if we haven’t verdict, a unanimous jury verdict for over a $100 million in our favor that secured by a letter of credit. And we feel an obligation to realize on that judgment and we will expand the appropriate amount of resources to do so.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets : To Ray, on Sunrise, is 9.9% same-store NOI growth sustainable, in your opinion? Or is that kind of like at the very top end, or beyond the top end of what you would expect for the year?
Ray Lewis: Yeah the first quarter of last year, Rich was probably the lowest quarter in terms of NOI since we have owned the portfolio so you obviously get a benefit of our growing off of a low base. So, no I wouldn’t expect that to be sort of the implied growth rate going forward, but certainly the performance at the properties has been st6eadily improving since the second quarter of last year and that’s encouraging.
Debra Cafaro: And I think if you look at our 2010 guidance range compared to resolve from last year and you can see what our expectations for this growth for this year making.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: And then last question kind of following on Karin’s last question about time spend on the GGP board. You are also Chair of NAREIT, I guess, it seems like you have time on your hands or you run out of books to read I mean.
Debra Cafaro:  That is the funniest thing I have ever had because I have no time on my hands.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Well one thing I am noticing from this call and correct me if this is, it shouldn’t be taking anymore in the coincidence is Ray spending a lot more, it seems to be more visible on the call. Can you comment on all about session or anything like that?
Debra Cafaro: I think that my first of fall in GGP and NAREIT et cetera my parents just gave me a ridiculous work ethic with that continued to try do enjoy and I am. So I feel very engaged in all the activities that I’m involved in. And in terms of the team I really do think that our shareholders should appreciate and our team should be visible. We have a great team that’s been here. Our team’s been here so as to gather since ‘01, ‘02 we’ve enjoyed a lot and shared success and I think its important for everybody to realize how many different and important contributions are made by everyone including but not limited to Ray. So we’ll add that you are getting to see that because it’s an important strength to the company.
Operator:  Following question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Jefferies, please proceed. 
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.:  Couple of questions just in regards to 2010 guidance I just wanted to make sure I heard right that part of your assumptions are you will put your cash to use in the second half of 2010, did I hear that correctly?
Debra Cafaro: Yes and that’s exactly what we said at the beginning of the year while when we initiated the guidance.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.: Debbie and Ray, there is a lot of kind of noise in the newspaper nowadays of again several states having budget problems. Are you seeing anything in regards to potential impact of that situation on Medicaid rates by any chance? Have you started to see anything?
Debra Cafaro: There is a couple of things going on, puts and takes on Medicaid. The last couple of years including in connection with the healthcare reform bill, the federal government has extended, I think $25 billion or more in FMAC payments which are mapping funds to the state Medicaid program. So, that’s the policy that these are obviously feeling the impact of the recession and so there are differences so, those kind of balance out and we are seeing kind of relatively steady Medicaid rate and overtime what we have seen as Medicaid rates range from the annual increases of zero to, when I first got here rates was increasing by 9%. So, we typically assume Medicaid at sort of an inflationary level and it kind of goes up and down overtime and doesn’t really affect out rents, because they are so well covered and we have credits that work at various points and time changes in reimbursement to compress or extend margin at our operators. But again that doesn’t really affect our rent which continues to be secured and reliable.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.: So at this point that you don’t have like any major concern of several states cutting Medicaid rates significantly that could impact the tenant that has major exposure to those states?
Debra Cafaro: Right we agree that we feel fine about it and I would tell you that that’s one important reason that we had geographical diversification at that type of diversification. We don’t really feel the effect directly or even indirectly from single or even a couple of changes in reimbursements.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.: Next question, Debby are you feeling any better or worse in regards to the overall financial help or financial condition of Sunrise?
Debra Cafaro: Well I think Sunrise has done some really important thing on the capital side to improve its condition considerably. And its equity value has reflected that and there are number of things that Mark Ordan has done under very challenging circumstances and has been absolutely superb and stabilizing the company. And so I do think certainly as compared to last year, here is the result of what he has done have really put Sunrise in a more sustainable financial condition.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.: But Sunrise remain to be still has quite a lot of debt that’s coming due this year. Do you have any general sense of how it could end up addressing that issue?
Debra Cafaro: Well I think that that’s really a question for them but if they do have this well and that is they have done in everything to-date under much worse external circumstances, I think that they will manage through that.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Co.: Last questions, Deb. Just in regards to tenants diversification, you guys will have a high amount of concentration between Sunrise, Kindred and Brookdale, just kind of thinking as you’re thinking about acquisitions going forward, if there are any plans you kind of address that and become even more diversified by tenant lease.
Debra Cafaro: As we grow the company, almost by default, you’ll see as a private figure, the existing tenant, the amount of NOI we derived from those three tenants. So, naturally shrink. I have to tell you and particularly risk with Kindred and Brookdale are the leaders in their industry and they’re excellent share provider and I feel very fortunate that we do have a lot of our NOI coming from them and our friends at Sunrise continues to be really the only brand globally and to your housing. So I do feel good about this three operators and peer providers that we have that overtime, we absolutely want to continue to grow and diversify. And I think that will happen naturally as we make additional investment.
Operator:  And the following question comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed. 
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan:  Yeah, thanks. Have question circling back I think to the first question on the Sunrise margin. Some operators have been talking about the weather in first quarter. Can I surmise from the strong margins you were able to put up with either? It was that big of an issue or I know that you got a fair amount in Canada and I assume that Canada like up here had a real mild winner where it was the whole utilities issue, not that big of a problem for you or were there other offset else where?
Rick Schweinhart: Rob I think, its important to note that the single largest driver for us and expenses is labor. So that’s when we see efficiencies in typically mostly driven by labor. I will say that sequentially utilities, we got a little bit of a pick up in the utilities. So, there was some benefit there but I wouldn’t consider it a driver. 
Operator:  Okay. I'm showing no further questions. I would now like to turn it back over Debra for any closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Tamina. Well, thanks to all of our shareholders and other participants for joining us today. As always, we continue to be sincerely grateful for you participation and your support to the company. And we are really looking forward welcoming you to Chicago in June. Look forward to seeing you. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for you participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Smith - IR Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Raymond J. Lewis - EVP and CIO Richard A. Schweinhart - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: David Toti and Michael Bilerman – Citi Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus Karen Ford - Keybanc Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter Ventas earnings conference call. My name is Jennifer and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. David Smith of the company. Please proceed Mr. Smith 
David Smith: Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the year and quarter ended December 31, 2009. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws.  These projections, predictions and statements are based on Management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly, any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company. 
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and participants and welcome to the Ventas’ 2009 year-end earnings call. My colleagues and I are pleased to be joining you today from our Louisville office. Today, I'll provide a company overview, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and investment outlook, and Rick Schweinhart will address financial results in detail. After that, we will be happy to answer your questions. Ventas had an excellent and highly productive 2009, overcoming the severely negative conditions that challenged our economy and capital markets during the year. I’d like to quickly recap some of the Ventas highlights of 2009. Normalized FFO per share was $2.68, exceeding our guidance of $2.62-$2.65 per share. Notably, 2009 normalized FFO per share compressed only 1% from 2008, despite 9% more shares outstanding, meaning that our entity level FFO grows considerably during the year.  Our cash flow from operations was $422 million, an increase of over 11% from 2008, the passed the data to the S&P 500. We were also named the top financial stock of the decade, providing over 2000% total returns to shareholders during the period. In this regard we led all bank, insurance companies, REITs and diversified financials, total shareholder returns for 2009 alone was 39%. We purchased or repaid during the year $560 million of bonds and mortgage debts. In 2009 we received an upgrade from Fitch to BBB-, one of only five total upgrades in the REIT sector from all three rating agencies during the year. We extended our revolver to 2012 and our revolver has total current capacity of $1 billion. We raised $312 million of equity and $341 million of debt financing, we also sold 14 assets and recognized the net gain of over $66 million.  We opened or acquired 6 high quality on-campus medical office buildings all affiliated with highly rated not-for-profit hospital systems. This expanded our MOB portfolio to $1.7 million square feet. We extended the lease term on 108 healthcare assets operated by Kindred, had escalated rent levels of $126 million per year, the lease term for those assets would have expired on April 30, 2010, but was extended until 2015.   We received a unanimous jury verdict in our favor of $102 million in our law suit against HCP for tortuous interference with our 2007 acquisition of Sunrise REIT. And we ended the year with an excellent balance sheet and liquidity position. Net debt to EBIDTA was 4.1 time, at year end we held over $100 million in cash-on-hand and our revolver capacity approximated $1 billion. In sum, we have managed the company in a prudent manner that protected the downside and preserved the upside for our stakeholders. We finished the year and the decade consistent with our objectives, as a cash flowing, productive enterprise delivering consistent, superior value for all our stakeholders. Well positioned to drive in a variety of economic capital markets and reimbursing environment and ready to execute our growth and diversification plans. 2010 has begun on a very positive trajectory as well, I’d like to highlight three items in particular. Credit ratings positive momentum, a 4.4% dividend increased and improved earnings guidance for 2010. First ratings, because of our excellent credit statistic and our cash flowing assets Moody’s recently upgraded the rating on Ventas’s senior unsecured debt to investment grade, awarding us a Baa3 rating earlier this month. As most of you know we have worked long and hard to merit this improved rating, we appreciate Moody’s confidence in us and we now have an investment grade rating from all three major rating agencies. It is a significant accomplishment for any real-estate company to continue ratings improvement in today’s environment. Second, our board of directors just approved a 4.4% increase in our past dividend to an annualized rate of $2.14 per share. We are pleased to share our stable growing cash-flows with our shareholders while we also retain significant cash flows for growth. This decision demonstrates our confidence in Ventas’ future.  And last we have introduced 2010 normalized FFO guidance of $2.69 to $2.75 per share. In terms of total normalized FFO dollars we expect FFO to grow from $409 million in 2009 to a range of $422 million to $432 million in 2010. Our same store cash NOI growth should increase by 2%-3% for the whole portfolio in 2010. While our 2010 guidance does not (inaudible) material acquisitions the healthcare real estate sector is large growing and highly fragmented, with REITs owning only about 6% of the total investable assets. The sector generally is not over-levered in contrast with many other real-estate sectors. This should permit private owners to sell assets and obtain a much desired liquidity. As a result we do expect to see increased transactional volume in 2010 compared to the last two years, only time will tell whether these trends will translate into significant investments for Ventas, and if so, the timing and size of those investments. But we do believe we will have the opportunity to reignite our growth and diversification efforts in 2010. I’m going to turn the call over to Ray who is going to walk you through our portfolio performance and talk a little further about the current investment environment.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. Our high quality cash flowing portfolio of healthcare and senior’s housing assets performed well in 2009. For the year same store cash NOI growth on our triple net leased portfolio increased by 3.4%. Cash NOI in our hospitals grew 2.6%, senior’s housing grew 3.2% and skilled nursing delivered 4% growth. Our triple net lease assets continue to have excellent cash flow coverages across the spectrum of independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals. 75% of our NOI comes from our pool, multi-facility master leases with credit and structural support and contractual growth escalation. Cash flow coverage through the third quarter of 2009, the latest data available remains stable at 1.8 times, this strong metric has been consistent to 2007, occupancies in the triple net seniors housing portfolio increased 80 basis points in the third quarter versus the second as we saw evidence of occupancy beginning to rise in the third quarter. The weighted average remaining lease term for our triple net lease assets is approximately seven years and only 1% of our total triple net portfolio is up for renewal before 2013. We expect same store cash growth in our triple net portfolio to exceed 2.5% in 2010. Overall, our pool, multi-facility master leases with credit tenants continue to provide strong and steady contractual cash flow growth to Ventas. The company’s operating portfolio, which consists of 79 high-end mansion style, assisted living communities, managed by Sunrise Senior Living and 26 medical office buildings accounts for 23% of our NOI, this portion of our portfolio exhibited improving fundamentals during the quarter and ended the year on a strong note. First, let me address our need-driven operating portfolio of senior living communities managed by Sunrise.  We derive 18% of our entity level NOI from this portfolio, there occupancy in our 78 stable communities continue the trend positively during the fourth quarter and increased 70 basis points sequentially to 88.8%. This continued the positive trend and occupancy that began in the third quarter, we are pleased with two consecutive quarterly increases in occupancy for the portfolio. Notably fourth quarter occupancy and senior’s housing tends to be weaker than the third and industry statistics released by Nick(ph) earlier this week confirm that. Though our Sunrise portfolio distinguished itself by enjoying a sequential improvement in the fourth quarter occupancy and in our Sunrise lease of asset in Toronto known as, Stealth, we continue to gain momentum. All metrics were positive sequentially in the fourth quarter and Stealth continues to gain occupancy and NOI as the community trends towards stabilization. As a result of these trends our total fourth quarter property NOI for our 79 Sunrise communities was $33.3 million fairly consistent with the $33.4 million we earned in the third quarter. This was slightly higher than what we had projected, driven by improved occupancy and slightly increased average daily rate, which rose to $173 per day in the fourth quarter, off-set by the anticipated higher expenses in the fourth quarter attributable to the spending of repair and maintenance budgets and labor cost.  Finishing the year on such a positive note caused our full year Sunrise results to total $131 million dollars above the high-end of our 2009 expectations that range from $122-$129 million.  Looking forward to 2010 guidance in our Sunrise portfolio, our total NOI projection is $128 - $138 million. The mid-point of this range $133 million represents an NOI increase of 1.5% over 2009. Our projections assume that occupancies will rise slightly ADR will increase about 1.5% and margin may experience some compression due to inflation and expense increases.  So our mid-point NOI expectation assumes that positive rate and occupancy trends continue into 2010. This should result in positive NOI growth for the portfolio absents (inaudible) double every session or another shock to the financial system. Over time very favorable supply demand fundamentals should drive growth in our Sunrise portfolio. With the over-85 population being the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population and virtually no new assisted living supply coming online in 2010 or 2011 the conditions are right for excellent performance as the economy improves. Our medical office building portfolio, which now totals over 1.7 million square feet and represents 5% of our NOI also performed well this quarter substantially all of our 26 MOBs are on the campus of major hospital systems. In our 21 stabilized assets occupancy was a strong 94.7% in the fourth quarter. Before occupancy and our same store stabilized portfolio of 18 MOBs increased sequentially by 50 basis points to 94.4% and generated NOI of $4.8 million and increased of 2% compared to Q3 2009. We also continue to have strong results in our MOB lease-up portfolio. We have added three development assets to this pool since the fourth quarter of 2008 all of which were on-time, on-budget substantially preleased and generating positive NOI to Ventas. NOI for the four lease-up assets we own in both the third and the fourth quarters of 2009 increased by 20%. Leasing prospects for this portion of the portfolio are good, including 54,000 square feet of leases signed but not yet in occupancy and a strong forward pipeline of potential tenants. When tenants who have already signed leases have moved in, the occupancy on our five lease-up assets should rise from 74%-87%.  In the fourth quarter we began investing again but purchasing four Class A, on-campus medical office buildings valued at $77.7 million. The MOB acquisitions should provide Ventas with unlevered yield succeeding 8%.  In sum, our growing MOB portfolio provided stable and increasing NOI to Ventas in 2009. As you saw with our MOB acquisition activity in December we’re beginning to put capital to work to continue to grow and diversify the company. Moreover we are seeing an increase in flow of opportunities across all asset classes in the healthcare and senior housing spectrum. And although we are shifting to a more offensive stance on acquisition, we remained disciplined in our investment approach and continue our practice of targeting high quality, accreted investments with excellent operators that can create long-term value for shareholders.  With that I’ll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart to discuss our financial results.
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thanks, Ray. The highlights to the fourth quarter are the operating income increased 1% from the third quarter, resulting in normalized FFO of $0.67 per delivered share, additionally we continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, doubling liquidity and increasing cash-flows from operations. As Debbie mentioned we are extremely pleased that Moody’s raised our rating to investment grade earlier this month. We now have investment grade ratings from all three rating agencies; we also have increased our revolver from the September capacity of $167 million to $1 billion. The (inaudible) in April of 2012 has increased from $590 million to $800 million. At December 31, our cash balance was $107 million and we have only $8.5 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility, currently $992 million of undrawn availability and cash-on-hand of approximately $155 million. Our credit stands for being very good with net debt to pro forma EBIDTA at 4.1 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio at 3.2 times we closed 2009 with debt to enterprise value of 28%. Early 2009 we repaid our purchase $411 million of our senior notes and reduced our mortgage balances by $148.7 million, which $25 million of normal periodic principal amortization. We have $175 million in total debt maturities in 2010, excluding normal periodic principal amortization payments, most of which is mortgaged debt. Our cash-flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2009, increased 11% to $422 million, from $380 million from last year.  Turning to (inaudible) for the quarter, fourth quarter normalized FFO was $104.8 million or $0.67 per diluted share. Normalized FFO excludes merger related expenses and (inaudible) of approximately $1.6 million. Fourth quarter normalized FFO increased from third quarter to primarily NOI increases in our MOB portfolio due to acquisitions and lower D&A. Interest expense increased to $44.6 million from $43.6 million in the third quarter, primarily as a result of additional interest expense from our GSE mortgage financing of $173 million at 6.3%, which closed in the second and third quarter. D&A was $8.2 million down $1.4 million from the $9.7million in the third quarter, primarily as a result of lower non-cash stock based compensation.  Weighted average shares outstanding remained fairly plaid at $156.7 million in the fourth quarter, versus $156.5 million in the third. Fourth quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.62 compared to $0.63 in the third quarter as a result of higher routine capital expenditures in the fourth quarter, down when we compare the fourth quarter 2009 normalized FFO per diluted share to the fourth quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO grew 11.5% to $104.8 million from $94 million from last year and the fourth quarter FFO per diluted share was $0.67 compared to $0.66 last year. Triple-net leased revenues grew to $117 million from $114.4 million, primarily due to contractual escalations. It is important to note that (inaudible) NOI increased 3% to $33.3 million this quarter from $32.2 million from last year. Also year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $6.7 million from $5.3 million, primarily due to acquisitions. Interest expense decreased to $44.6 million from $50.6 million last year. Principally due to debt repayments and senior note purchases. Our weighted average cost of debt is about 6.6%. G&A was $8.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, down $2.9 million from the $11.2 million in 2008, primarily as a result of low professional fees. Weighted average shares outstanding increased 9.5% for the fourth quarter of 2009, versus the comparable 2008 period to $156.7 million from $143 million. The share count increased due to our April 2009 equity offer. Finally, left to compare the year ended December 31, 2009 to 2008. Normalized FFO grew 8% to $409 million from $379.5 million last year and FFO per diluted share was $2.68 compared to $2.71 last year. Triple-net lease revenues grew 2.5% to $465.2 million from $453.7 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Internalized NOI decreased to $131 million from $138.8 million last year, which was better than forecast due to rising occupancies in the portfolio. (inaudible) off-set by higher expenses. Last year’s results benefited from about $4 million in expense credits that didn’t reoccur in 2009. On a reoccurring basis NOI’s down 3% in the portfolio year-over-year. Year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $23.2 million from $17.3 million due primarily to acquisitions and lease-up activity. Interest expense decreased approximately 13% to $178.5 million from $204.5 million last year, primarily due to lower debt value. G&A decreased from 4.5% to $38.8 million in 2009, from the $40.7 million in 2008. G&A as a percentage of total revenues fell to 4.1% from 4.4%. Weighted average shares outstanding increased 9.2% in 2009 due to equity issuances. And finally, guidance; as Debbie mentioned we are initiating 2010 normalized FFO fully diluted share guidance at $2.69-$2.75, without NOI from some of those (inaudible) operations expected to be between $128-138 million. The mid-point of our initial 2010 guidance is $2.72, which represents 1.5% of FFO per share growth in 2010. There is an $0.08-$0.09 dilution in 2010 from our 2009 debt and equity offerings in asset sales, which were completed in 2009 to strengthen our balance sheet and to slightly higher 2010 G&A. This should be more than off-set by positive, strong increases in FFO from contractual escalations from our triple-net portfolio. The full-year impact 2009 investments increased that a lot from our centralized managed communities and in a creative use of cash-on-hand during 2010. Our key assumptions for our guidance (inaudible) that total summarized NOI from our 79 assets bring us from $128million to $138 million. G&A expenses range between $39 million and $41 million and we invest our cash-on-hand. But our guidance does not include other material acquisition or vesture activity, deal cause, capital transaction or litigation expenses or proceeds.  Operator, please open the calls for questions.
Operator:  (Operator’s Instructions) You’re first question comes from the line of David Toti from Citi. Please proceed.
David Toti - Citi: Good morning, everyone Michael Bilerman is here with me as well. My first question has to do with something you’ve talked about in the past few calls and that’s with regards to diversification and your strategy in looking at other asset classes. I was wondering if you could update us on that strategy, the assets you’re looking at, perhaps the near-term timing and maybe some yield expectations.
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure David, this is Ray. I think consistent with our past views, we remain interested in all assets of healthcare and senior housing asset classes, medical office and seniors housing I think remains primary areas of emphasis for us, where we think there are attractive risk adjusted returns and we like the demand and supply fundamentals.  We think that skilled nursing may provide some opportunities to get revision opportunities as a number of the private companies look to either recapitalize or deleverage, so that’s another area where in the year-term there could be some good opportunities.  And then long-term we continue to build relationships with quality healthcare systems and hospitals we hope will provide a opportunity to make a attractive real estate investments either by acquiring or developing medical office buildings or in providing other capital to their real estate needs.
David Toti - Citi: Great and then what about some of the more peripheral assets like life-science or laboratories or lifestyle retail oriented assets.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think those sectors are attractive for us they are areas that we do not have a footprint in right now. I think not unlike how we entered the office medical building state, we were to look at those types of assets, we would do it in conjunction with either acquiring or partnering the expertise, but I think not unlike how we enter the medical office space, if we were to look at those types of assets. We would either in conjunction with acquiring or partnering with expertise but I think those spaces hold appeal and could be another source of diversification for us if we could find attractive opportunities. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi : Debra and Ray, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. Just curious how you think about accretion. You talked about making accretive investments and I'm just trying to think about how you think about that from a – relative to cost of capital versus …
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. We do think about it in a couple of different ways. I mean, one is for example we have assumed we invest our cash on hand and clearly that will be accretive. Just proportionally so because it earns virtually nothing as it sits on our balance sheet, so the whole acquisitions department is pretty much lining up to get their deal for that $100 million so that they can get all that good accretion. So obviously I mean that's real earnings growth but it is somewhat artificial when you take a longer term view and you step back and – you know putting all joking aside, when we look at acquisitions we're looking at our long term cost to capital which we believe is continuing to decrease. We do have an attractive balance sheet and liquidity position, and we have a lot of liquidity available to make acquisitions, and we think because of our investment grade rating that we should be able to continue to drive down our cost to capital. Our long term cost to capital. Which has been our goal because that's really how you make money over the long term and we believe we need to invest over that long term cost to capital to really make money and drive value for the franchise. So that's what we've done over time and that's how we think about it.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And that hurdle right (inaudible) when you think your weighted cost to capital is sort of an eight, eight and a half?
Debra A. Cafaro: It's in that seven to nine-ish range over time and we have been able to invest in excess of that and have done so accretively and earned earnings and made money for the firm over I think a long period of time on that basis.
Raymond J. Lewis: And just to add to that, Michael I think one of the things you've seen us do in the past and will continue to see us do in the future is that we tend to match fund out investments over time where we raise capital in the same environment in which we're deploying it and that I think enables us to optimize our fundings against the acquisition opportunities. 
David Toti - Citi : Hi, it's David again, thank you. Just one last question with regards to Sunrise and the senior housing assets. Do you think the improvements are due to an unlocking of pent up demand or is it more aggressive marketing and promotion or is it some sort of mix of the two?
Raymond J. Lewis:  I think it's probably a mix of the two, I think they're definitely and we heard anecdotally not only from Sunrise but other operators in our portfolio that people had been delaying purchase decisions as they were in any other sector of the economy. You know, in terms of moving into seniors housing. Now in addition to that I think that within our Sunrise portfolio there's been continued and increased focus on targeted marketing and development of referral services which I think has also enabled them to get more actionable and qualified leads in the door so they're able to close on a higher percentage of the folks that they're bringing into the buildings and that's been helpful as well. 
Debra A. Cafaro:  Yeah, and I mean as we've said, these assets are really beautiful assets that are extremely well located in major metropolitan markets, so they should do well as the economy normalizes. And I think that's part of it as well.  
David Toti - Citi : Okay, that's all very helpful, thank you.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel Nicolaus.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: I just had a couple things. Just a couple details on the MOB acquisition, Ray, was it $77.7 million or was the price …
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, the aggregate purchase price was $77.7 million.  
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:   And I think you said in the press release that it was like north of 8% in terms of stabilization so are they returning something like six or something now and that will ramp up to eight and I'm just curious what the time frame is on that. 
Raymond J. Lewis: No, of the four properties, three are stabilized right now, fully stabilized and occupied and generating north of that 8% yield. One of the properties was recently developed and has leasing in place but not occupancy yet that will generate cash flow in the near term in excess of that 8% yield as well.
Debra A. Cafaro:  And one other modeling comment Jerry is that of the $77.7 million, one of the assets, the last one that Ray was just discussing, the value is $15 million plus, and we own a controlling 50% interest in that asset, so just in terms of your own model you probably want to know that. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks that's very helpful. And then just on Sunrise, I mean in terms of your outlook, I think you were talking about occupancy being up, rate being up, margin being down, which you know normally when we think about these things they have very high incremental margins on rate and occupancy. So is there – are you just being cautious here or is there something unusual going on, on the expense side?
Raymond J. Lewis: No, I think when we look out over the year looking at the midpoint of our range what we're really looking at is the occupancy being relatively flat from where it was in the fourth quarter through the year and rising marginally through the end of the year. Rates, really sort of getting your annual rate increases at the beginning of the year and then sort of holding those through the year, but not being able to sort of bump quarter over quarter. And then you've got inflation and expense growth that offsets that and I think that's a scenario that you wold expect to play out in a relatively tepid recovery which is what I think our base case assumes.
Debra A. Cafaro: And then, Jerry, if you are able to raise rates in the 1%-2% range, but expenses, there's inflation, or expenses go up as they often do, I mean that's where the disconnect is probably coming in, the difference in the way you're looking at it and the way you're looking at it.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then any comments you can give us about seasonality? Because I mean historically, I think Sunrise, particularly first quarter, is a little softer to that product because of the way they set some of their expenses and stuff or workers comp and stuff rests, so any color on seasonality if you've thought about it?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yeah. I mean typically the fourth and the first quarter are weaker than the second and the third quarter. We are pretty happy about the way the fourth quarter turned out. It's actually the first time since we've owned the portfolio that the fourth quarter increased over the third quarter in terms of occupancy and that performance of the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations so that's good. I think we're seeing those occupancy trends stable into what we've seen of the first quarter so far, so again I think we're pleased with that. I think you're right to point out that there are a number of expense items in the first quarter that sort of reset and so that contributes some of the softness, but we're hoping that we can kind of stay in that stable range through the first quarter and then try to build again in the second and third quarters.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yeah. I think, Jerry, you're wise to note both on corporate guidance as well as on Sunrise that you don't just take the numbers and divide by four.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And just, I mean you've obviously got the big war chest — there was an earlier question about acquisitions as well, and any more color you can give us on sort of acquisitions, how soon or is there stuff sort of stacked up or just anything there would be helpful?
Debra A. Cafaro: We could not wait to tell you (laughter).
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sorry?
Debra A. Cafaro: We could not wait to tell you, but we'll have to defer until we have a little bit more visibility on timing.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: We'll stay tuned, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Ford with Keybanc.
Karen Ford - Keybanc: Hi, good morning. Just one more question on the investment acquisition front, have your targets and strategy there changed at all with the changing outlook on health care reform?
Richard A. Schweinhart: I wouldn't say it has. I think we've targeted mostly assets that are not affected by government reimbursements or highly dependent upon the outcomes of health care reform. I think opportunistically we're going to watch how that plays out over time. I still think there's a lot of variability in what could happen with health care reform, but the bulk of our acquisition and focus being on medical office and seniors' housing is largely outside of health care reform.
Karen Ford - Keybanc: Okay. It sounded like you may be a little more bullish on skilled nursing, is that right or is it just because of the sort of M&A and strategic stuff going on in that sector?
Richard A. Schweinhart: No. I think our appetite is relatively constant for that product type. I think what I was trying to impart was that the opportunity set may be growing just by virtue of what's going on in that space.
Karen Ford - Keybanc: Okay, right. On the rating upgrade, what type of an effect did that have on your unsecured spreads and where do you think you could issue today?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, our bonds hardly trade so it's hard to get a good read on that, our existing bonds. But I would suggest that we could do sort of five years in the fives and 10 years in the sixes.
Karen Ford - Keybanc: Okay, that's helpful. And you mentioned you wanted to sort of match fund investments at the time that you were doing them sort of longer term, what size investment volumes would you be comfortable doing today before you potentially want to think about doing some equity say, for example?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, good question. I mean, we ended the year to debt to enterprise value of about 28%. We have managed the balance sheet rigorously, I think for the benefit of our shareholders, and we've proven that you can make money for shareholders without over levering. And so I think that that's important to state up front. That said, I think we do have plus or minus about $1 billion or so capacity within our credit stats to acquire assets without the use of any incremental equity and if and when we would be able to do so, I think that would be a good earnings driver for the company. But we will continue to manage the balance sheet aggressively and relatively conservatively, consistent with our investment-grade rating and our own risk outlook.
Karen Ford - Keybanc: Great, that's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning. On your press release you stated you were well positioned to execute your strategic growth and diversification plans. I just wonder if you could provide a little more color on what is the diversification plan?
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. Well, over time Ventas has grown from about a $2 billion company to about a $10 billion enterprise and we have a sort of a four-prong diversification approach. One is by tenant, one is by asset type or payer source which we think is most significant, the other is by geography both state by state geography and even country diversification with our investment in Canada, and finally by operating model, that is triple net versus operation model. And we are trying to create a balanced portfolio that will create reliable growing cash flows that are not correlated with each other, and that's what we have devoted ourselves to as a management team over the last seven or eight years which has created a lot of stable cash flows and a lot of sustainable value for our shareholders. And so our growth and diversification plan is really a continuation of those efforts. 
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Is there any one of the four prongs that is more important for you to diversify than the other?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean they're all important because they really — again, what we're trying to do is to fragment the cash flows in differing ways so that the enterprise will continue to be reliable as a whole, and so we balance each of those over time.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and good morning, everybody. I don't know if I missed this or I missed what you said here, Ray, but did you say you're going to institute a more conservative acquisition approach than in the past? Is that what you said? I thought I heard you say that.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think he said the opposite. Go ahead, Ray.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think I said we would have a more offensive (ph) acquisitions posture, but I meant to say offensive (laughter).
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I was taking notes fast and I missed that. I thought I heard conservative.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, just I think consistent with the past.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, no problem. In terms of investing the cash on hand that you have in your guidance, that's kind of new for you guys. You've always been sort of stripped down FFO, no guidance, no assumption of any acquisitions in the future and so now you have $100 million of investments from your cash so it's understandable, but I'm just curious as to how much of that is an influence on your range of guidance, a new element?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we actually did it previously because we think it gives investors a reasonable view of reality and real expectations versus kind of unknown annual acquisition volume expectations. So we have done it in the past and the impact of it really depends on when the acquisitions take place. Obviously the later you do it in the year the less impact it has, the sooner you do it the more impact it has.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: All right, but conceivably it could amount to a good chunk of the growth that you're expecting year over year?
Debra A. Cafaro: Presumably some of it, again, depending on what part of the year it occurs.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. For 2010 you're not assuming any acquisitions above that as per usual, but I heard you mention long-term cost of capital and investing above that, but I'm wondering for 2010 would you expect any acquisition activity to be accretive this year or do you have a long-term focus when it comes to accretion from net investments?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean we would hope that in this environment that assets that we would acquire would be accretive immediately even above and beyond the cash on hand.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Regarding your sort of focus properties on medical office and senior housing, I'm wondering if you've got a greater interest or maybe you've got your eyes set on larger portfolios as opposed to kind of one off or two off-type transactions meaning that they you as a REIT have a greater competitor advantage that larger the transactions become relative to maybe your private counterparts, and particularly for medical office, that business for your sake is growing and it's kind of like watching paint dry in terms of it getting bigger and the overall size of the company (laughter). I'm wondering if you're looking at portfolios more so than one off transactions?
Debra A. Cafaro: First of all, we like making money even if they're small transactions. 
Richard A. Schweinhart: So, Rich, I think the pipeline actually has a mixture of all kinds of opportunities; larger portfolios both in seniors' housing and medical office building and skilled nursing, as well as one-off transactions. I think we've been while maybe watching paint dry, the picture is actually turning out pretty good on the medical office side. I think our portfolio has performed very well, our occupancies are excellent. The cash flow is consistent and growing so we're happy to chip away at it if we can find good large opportunities we can bite it off in a bigger chunk and make money for our shareholders and certainly we'd like to do that, but we're not going to press to make that happen.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Do you feel though you have an advantage the larger the transaction becomes?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Well, certainly our balance sheet, our leverage liquidity, access to multiple capital markets, positions us well.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yeah, and our deal structuring capabilities and our (inaudible) with large very complicated transactions. I think that we have a competitive advantage, definitely.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And last question is on the $200 million of the credit facility expires this April. What are your plans there? I don't know if you mentioned anything.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we're happy with an $800 million revolver, but we certainly have said in the past that we would continue our discussions with lenders who want to support the company and provide valuable liquidity and we do continue those discussions and as opportunity presents itself I think we would increase our revolver probably up to a total 2012 maturity of the billion that we have now.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So it's conceivable that that $200 million could shift into the other —
Debra A. Cafaro: Exactly, it's structured in that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino from Barclays Capital.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital:  Hi, good morning. Just a quick question here on potential acquisitions in senior housing. With fundamentals kind of on the upswing here, can you kind of comment on your appetite for doing something similar to this similarly structured to the Sunrise where you own kind of the cash flows and what you're seeing out there in terms of availability for those types of opportunities?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Sure. I mean I think our general focus in the company, and remember that 75% of our portfolio is still triple net lease income and so our general focus for the company will be to continue to do triple net lease structures on high quality assets with strong operators. I think we are unique in that we have used our TRS in the Sunrise transaction. We have the ability to structure and we have the infrastructure in place to asset manage and monitor those types of investments and if we were to find assets that had more upside or more lift in the near and longer term, that would be appropriate for that structure. We could plug and play those today. So I think you shouldn't expect us to shift the business in that direction, but we can use it as an opportunistic way to provide a little incremental growth in cash flow for our shareholders.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Mains of Morgan Keegan. 
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan:  Thanks, good morning. Just a couple odds and ends here, one followup to Jerry's question about Sunrise and Debbie, maybe this speaks to your comment about kind of looking at things dividing by four. Are your Sunrise assets mostly now on a January 1st rent increase schedule rather than kind of randomly through the year?
Debra A. Cafaro: On some, not all.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then on the very first page of the supplemental it shows that you have 80 senior housing operating assets, 79 is Sunrise, what's the other one?
Debra A. Cafaro: We actually have a Sunwest asset that we have as an operating asset now that's being managed for a benefit. 
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And it's an external manager?
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it is.
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan: All right, that's all I had. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Hi, everyone. Congratulations on a great quarter and a very good 2010 outlook. I'm very happy with it.
Debra A. Cafaro: That's great.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies:  A couple of quick questions, going back to this whole idea of the acquisition outlook and health care reform, I mean if there's this idea out there that if there's no health care reform you don't get all these uninsured people getting insured, doesn't that end up deeming demand for MOBs and how would you generally view that in that kind of world and especially with your focus on trying to build your MOB platform?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Well, I think when we look at health care reform in its prior iteration we never really tried to handicap what the final bill would look like in detail. We always said look, there's a couple of things that are the focus of that. One is to create access for more people coming into the health care system, the so called 15-45 million, pick your number, uninsured, and then also managing costs in a low-cost setting environment. We always felt that our portfolio is well positioned, the assets that we were targeting we well positioned to play into those incremental benefits, but I think whether or not health care reform comes, MOBs, for instance, are still very well positioned. They're the first place where the aging baby boom demographic touches the health care system and they're turning 65 in this year and next year.  So that dynamic hasn't changed. The funding of that hasn't changed so I think that the things that we liked about medical office buildings remain intact. What may have changed is whether or not there are going to be another pool of currently uninsured people that would have access to sort of hyper drive those growth drivers.
Debra A. Cafaro: And again, I mean while we think that clarity on health care reform is good, we don't view it as black and white. I mean there's great opportunities in health care real estate with and without health care reform that are underpinned by the demographics and the size of the state and so that's how we think about it, Tayo.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: So if reform had passed, the additional insured people to you would just have been icing on the case, but irrespective of that you still kind of like where the demand drivers are?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yeah. I mean it's still the fastest growing segment of the economy. It's still the fastest growing segment of the population. I mean, a lot of that stuff hasn't changed and still remains pretty compelling and as Debbie said, it's a large opportunity set that we own a relatively small portion of. So all of those macro factors remain intact.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Got it, okay. And then second question, in regards to — I mean, all of the buzz in the air about a lot of the privately held health care real estate whether it's with financial sponsors or whoever, filing S11s or a whole bunch of them thinking of going public during this (inaudible) pro type structures. What's your general thoughts on kind of all that buzz and how do you think it would potentially impact the overall landscape if a seat of these things actually do go public and you end up with a whole bunch of new health care REITs?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean for one thing I do think it shows the desirability of our sector and investor interest in our sector which has proven itself out over long periods of time to be a reliable growing business. So it will be interesting to see how many of these things play out and I don't want to say more than that other than I think it's a compliment to our sector that there's so much interest in health care real estate.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Do you think there's a way you guys can play all that to your advantage in any way?
Debra A. Cafaro: Well look, we are always trying and working towards building a bigger, better, stronger Ventas, and delivering value to our stakeholders.
Richard A. Schweinhart: But, Tayo, to add to that I mean I think what's driving all of that activity is the desire of these entities to recapitalize, deleverage, and take advantage of what's an improving capital markets environment generally. And that should bode well for all the health care REITs to plug in and participate in that whether it's in a large-scale solution or as part of a bigger solution.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean to me it's really funny, when I started 10 or 11 years ago nobody wanted to be a health care REIT and now it seems like everybody wants to be a health care REIT so I view that as real positive.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Okay. Appreciate it, Debbie. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: So before we sign off everyone, I want to take a minute to just recognize our colleagues and our board and we've all been very unified and focused in our efforts to move the company forwards these last 10 years and I also want to just express our appreciation all the stockholders and lenders and bondholders, bank holders, analyst, rating agencies, and especially our tenant operators whose trust and support have really been essential to our growth and success and I want to assure everyone that all of you have our unwavering commitment to continue to work hard and smart and with integrity and transparency so that we can build long-term sustainable value and a company that we can all be proud of. So thank you for joining us. We really look forward to seeing everyone soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference . This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith - IR Debra Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Ray Lewis - EVP and CIO Rick Schweinhart - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Toti - Citi Michael Bilerman - Citi Dustin Pizzo - UBS Ross Curran - UBS Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus Karin Ford - KeyBanc Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer Brian Satino - Barclays Capital Michelle Ko - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan 
Operator:  Welcome to the quarter three 2009 Ventas conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. David Smith. 
David Smith:  Welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2009.  As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on Management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that called affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its Management.  The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly, any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company. 
Debra Cafaro:  Thanks, David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome to the Ventas third quarter 2009 earnings call. My colleagues and I are pleased to be joining you today from our Louisville office. Today, I'll provide company and quarterly overviews, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and investment outlook, and Rick Schweinhart will address financial results in detail. After that, we will be happy to answer your questions. Ventas continued to perform exceptionally well in the third quarter. Our earnings and cash flow were excellent at $0.66 of normalized FFO per share. Our balance sheet and liquidity are among the best in the REIT sector and our need driven healthcare and senior housing assets continue to exhibit good fundamentals. In particular, sequential occupancy in our 79, high quality, private paid, senior housing communities, managed by Sunrise Senior Living improved by 90 basis points to average 88.1% in the third quarter. Because of our continuing strong performance year-to-date, and because NOI from our Sunrise portfolio is trending towards the high end of our previously announced guidance range, we are increasing our full year 2009 normalized FFO guidance to $2.62 to $2.65 per share. It is worth noting that in the third quarter of 2009, we had 11% more shares outstanding, while our FFO per share was down only by 3%, in each case versus the comparable period in 2008. This excellent result is due to the resiliency of our business and our cash flow, coupled with the immediate targeted use of proceeds from our spring 2009 equity offering.  Also during the quarter, we prevailed in our tortious interference case against HCP. Following a three-week trial, the jury and Federal District Court unanimously rendered a $101.6 million verdict in favor of Ventas. This amount represents 100% of the damages the jury was instructed by the Court to consider. HCP and Ventas had both filed post trial motions that are currently pending before the trial court. We will continue to represent our shareholders' interests in this matter professionally and to the very best of our ability. That said, with the jury verdict in hand and post trial briefing complete, we expect a huge diminution in both internal and external resource allocations in this case.  We are in a terrific position from a balance sheet and liquidity standpoint. At quarter end our net debt to EBITDA was just over four times. We have less than $200 million of debt maturities through 2010. Over $200 million cash on hand, and essentially all of our revolving credit capacity available. We also had two new positive liquidity developments during the last few weeks. First we've obtained indications from two financial institutions that they plan to commit $125 million to our 2012 maturities under our revolver, if completed, these commitments will increase our total revolving credit capacity to $965 million, and increase our 2012 maturities to $715 million from $590 million currently. We hope to continue to build capacity in our revolver with additional lenders. Second, we recently closed on $58 million of mortgage debt financing, secured by two seniors housing assets, at a blended interest rate of 5.5% and a weighted average maturity of 6.5 years. Appetite from the GSEs for secured financing on high quality, well occupied seniors housing remains strong. This December we've obtained almost $300 million of long-term attractive fixed rate financing from the agency. This additional liquidity provides capital to fund growth opportunities and/or to satisfy our limited near term debt maturities.  Recently as the have markets improved and opportunities have increased we have become more constructive on making acquisitions. Given the lack of visibility in the commercial real estate markets, and mixed signals in the economy, we will tread carefully. In fact, you should expect us to use our significant advantages to start growing again in a disciplined accretive way. Finally, I want to note that Sunrise has now resolved all the major corporate challenges facing it. In just the last month, Sunrise has announced that it has extended its line of credit until December 2010, it has agreed to sell assets that will generate $60 million in net cash proceeds, and it has reached agreement with its counterparty on the Fountains Project and its German operations. Huge accolades go to Mark Ordan and his Sunrise team for the progress they have made to stabilize Sunrise and overcome significant obstacles. Now, we believe they will turn their undivided attention to continuing to improve operations at our communities and working through the remaining, albeit smaller, legacy issues at Sunrise corporate. I'll turn the call over to Ray, who is going to walk you through our portfolio performance and the investment environment. 
Ray Lewis:  Thanks, Debbie, Ventas' triple-net lease portfolio, diversified healthcare and senior housing assets continue to perform well with strong cash flow coverage of 1.8 times, which has remained stable since 2007. 76% of our NOI comes from our pooled, multi-facility master leases with credit and structural support and contractual growth escalation. The weighted average remaining lease term for our triple-net lease asset is approximately seven years, and only 1% of our total triple-net portfolio rolls over before 2013. Performance for our triple-net portfolio of seniors housing, which is recorded through the second quarter, remains solid at 1.3 times cash flow coverage. For the third quarter we expect stable to improved occupancy and performance in this portion of our business. Overall, we continue to realize the benefits of our excellent triple-net leased healthcare and senior housing portfolio with its stable cash flow, increasing rents, high quality assets, strong master leases and excellent tenant operators. Shifting to the operating, our operating portfolio, which consists of 79 high-end, mansion style, assisted living communities, managed by Sunrise Senior Living and 23 medical office buildings accounts for 22% of our portfolio NOI. These assets performed very well during the third quarter.  Focusing on our need driven Sunrise portfolio, average daily occupancy in our 78 stable communities trended positively during the third quarter and increased 90 basis points to 88.1% compared to the second quarter. Occupancy in the portfolio has been steadily climbing since its low point in May and this positive gain in the third quarter is consistent with what we foreshadowed during the call in July. Our Sunrise communities generate total community NOI for the third quarter of $33.4 million, compared to $33.8 million in the second quarter. Revenues were up due primarily to the occupancy gains. Expenses were, as forecasted, higher due to increases in budgeted items such as utilities, marketing, repairs and maintenance and labor costs. Looking forward to the fourth quarter our guidance assumes that occupancy will be relatively flat to the third quarter, ADR will be slightly lower and expenses will increase somewhat. Using these assumptions, we expect our Sunrise full year NOI to fall in the high end of our guidance range of between $122 million and $129 million. Although Sunrise results have been affected by broader trends in the economy, we have been pleased with the resiliency and performance of the portfolio year-to-date. With virtually no new supply of assisted living product coming online, we believe this Sunrise portfolio is positioned to return to growth as the broader economy improves.  Our medical office building portfolio, which totals 1.5 million square feet, also did well this quarter. Most of our MOBs are on the campuses of major health systems. The takeaway for MOB performance is the sequential NOI that's consistent on stabilized assets and the new pre-leased development assets are contributing additional NOI immediately as they come online. We recently opened one new MOB in August, in Parker, Colorado, on the campus of the not for profit Adventist Hospital. Our new MOB is over 80% leased at completion and the project was delivered on time and on budget. In sum, our operating portfolio continues to deliver good performance in the third quarter.  Shifting to the acquisition side, we are in a great position to consider making new investments. The market is beginning to thaw, the pipeline is building and we are beginning to see more actionable opportunities to deploy capital in the healthcare and senior housing space. Importantly, acquisitions and investment activity if completed can provide a powerful earnings growth driver for the company. Public companies with access to capital have a distinct advantage in today's market. As always we expect to be measured in our approach. Our goal is to be a disciplined investor, making accretive investments in good real estate, with quality operators that will add long-term value to the firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Schweinhart to discuss our financial results. 
Rick Schweinhart:  Thank you, Ray. On the operation side the results were fairly steady from the second to the third quarter. On the liquidity and balance sheet side our position remained strong. At September 30, our cash balance was $127 million and we had only $9.7 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility, with over $850 million of undrawn availability. Cash on hand currently is $209 million. The company's debt to total capitalization at quarter end was excellent at 30%. Our credit stats were very good with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 4.2 times, and our fixed charge coverage ratio on to three times. As of September 30, we had less than $15 million in total debt maturities remaining in 2009 and $170 million in total debt maturities in 2010, excluding normal periodic principle amortization payments, most of the debt maturing in 2010 is mortgage debt.  Turning to earnings in the quarter, third quarter normalized FFO was $103.4 million, or $0.66 per diluted share. Normalized FFO excludes merger-related expenses and deal costs of about $6 million. Trend line from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2009 was stable. Excluding a $2.3 million lease termination fee we received in the second quarter, normalized FFO per diluter share was stable at $0.66 and normalized FFO was $103.4 million, up slightly from $102.8 million in the second quarter. Interest expense improved to $43.7 million from $44.2 million in the second quarter of 2009, as a result of interest savings on senior notes and mortgages repaid in the second and third quarters, offset in part by additional interest expense from our $114 million agency mortgage financing that was made in the second quarter. D&A was $9.7 million, down slightly from the $10.4 million in the second quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding increased to $156.5 million in the third quarter versus $154.5 million in the second. Third quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.63 compared to $0.64 in the second quarter when you exclude the lease termination fee.  Next, let me compare the third quarter 2009 normalized FFO per diluted share to the third quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO grew 7% to $103.4 million, from $96.2 million last year. However, the third quarter FFO per diluted share was $0.66, compared to $0.68 last year due to an 11% increase in shares outstanding this quarter. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $116.9 million from $114 million, primarily due to contractual escalations, while Sunrise NOI was $33.4 million this quarter compared to $35.2 million last year. The reduction was principally due to the decreases in occupancy, somewhat offset by increases in the average daily rate. Also, year-over-year, our medical office building NOI grew to $5.9 million from $4.8 million due primarily to acquisitions and leased up activity. Interest income on loans and investments was $3.2 million, flat with last year. Interest expense decreased to $43.7 million, from $50.7 million last year, principally due to debt repayments and bond buybacks. Our weighted average cost of debt is about 6.7%. Weighted average shares outstanding increased 11% in the third quarter of 2009, versus the comparable 2008 period to $156.5 million from $141.1 million. The share count increased due to our April 2009 and our August 2008 equity offerings.  Final words about guidance, based on our third quarter results, we expect our current year NOI for our senior housing operating portfolio managed by Sunrise to come in at the higher end of our current guidance range of between $122 million and $129 million. We are also increasing our corporate guidance for 2009 normalized FFO per diluted share to $2.62 to $2.65 from $2.55 to $2.62.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Toti from Citi. 
David Toti - Citi:  Mike Bilerman is here with me as well. Couple of questions, first, can we start with some of the asset types within seniors housing, the assisted living, the independent living, can you just comment on some of this diverging performance if there is any among those different care levels within your portfolio? 
Debra Cafaro:  We can. I mean the conventional wisdom, David, is that the independent living assets, which is a smaller part of our senior living portfolio is a little bit softer than the more need driven, higher acuity assisted living business. That's sort of the growth over generalization. I would say that we are seeing good stability in our IL, but I guess probably faster occupancy increases in our AL as the market has started improving. 
David Toti - Citi:  Then in reference to Alzheimer's are you seeing changes in those care levels? 
Ray Lewis:  Our Alzheimer's have performed consistently well, David. That's the most need driven product in our portfolio and the least correlated to changes in the general economy. So we've seen pretty strong demand even in the downturn for that product. 
David Toti - Citi:  Then just going to leases, are you in negotiations with anybody relative to renewals, has anybody or has any of your tenants contacted you relative to renegotiating ahead of expiration? Any color on those discussion would be helpful. 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, there are no discussions, so there is no color. As Ray mentioned, we have about 1% of the triple-net rolling over before 2013. so there is good coverage everywhere so operators are generally doing well. 
David Toti - Citi:  Then relative to transactions, I know you've mentioned that you've been cautious, but you are obviously looking at some acquisition opportunities, recent transaction data for senior housing suggests that cap rates are somewhere in the 8 to 9.5 range. Does that seem accurate relative to what's coming across your desk? 
Ray Lewis:  I mean that's generally right, David. I mean it's going to vary by product type, but we are seeing things ranging between 7.5 and 10, depending upon the acuity of the asset, the quality of the age and the location. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  It's Michael Bilerman. Ray, you mentioned that your pipeline is filling up nicely, I think were the words if I wrote it down right. Can you just give a little bit more color in terms of how that pipeline has changed and size, and maybe total size and maybe largest deal or how should we think about it? 
Ray Lewis:  I think the pipeline is building. We are seeing more opportunities coming to the market now that the broader economy is looking a little bit better. I would say that the pipeline is varied. The quality is mixed. There are some attractive opportunities and there are other things that are not quite as attractive. The pipeline is spanning the healthcare real estate continuum. So we are seeing deal flow from the seniors housing side, the medical office side, the skilled nursing side. I would say it's a balanced mix. I think there are some actionable opportunities in the pipeline that we are pretty interested in working on. 
Debra Cafaro:  I would say one theme that you can see through a lot of the opportunities is really derived from the fact that the public companies who have access to capital have a distinct advantage in the market now and so a lot of the opportunities would be from a private to public kind of thing, where investors are looking at maturities and liquidity, and would like to transact so that they can get liquidity and make sure that they can pay off debt maturities when they come. So that is the theme that I think broadly would characterize a lot of the opportunities that we are seeing. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  Would you be comfortable issuing your stock at those cases or would it be all cash? 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, it depends. We have a tremendous amount of liquidity and so that's really good. It really gives us total flexibility about how to structure a transaction if we do one. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dustin Pizzo. 
Dustin Pizzo - UBS:  Ray, can you just comment further on the acquisition, following up on Michael's question. What dollar volume (inaudible) you guys have looked at or bid on in the past three months? 
Ray Lewis:  Dustin, I think what we want to try to impart on this call is that the pipeline is actually active now. It's been two to three quarters where the pipeline has been basically dry. We are seeing deal flow coming in. We are working on it. It's early in the process. So to talk about things that we are bidding on or specific opportunities or scale of actionable opportunities, what we are trying to communicate is that the pipeline is building. 
Dustin Pizzo - UBS:  Is it, I guess perhaps (inaudible) if it's more large portfolios as opposed to picking off assets here or there. 
Ray Lewis:  It's a mix of both. I think it's encouraging to note, though, that we have seen several larger portfolios that are interesting, which is a change as well from previous quarters. 
Dustin Pizzo - UBS:  Just finally on that point, I know you guys, obviously, can't comment on what Sunrise intends to do, but given some of the moves they've made recently with some of their other JV partners around the world, is acquiring their interest in the remaining 60 communities something that you would be interested in doing potentially? 
Ray Lewis:  Dustin, we are still interested in acquiring those minority interests to the extent that we can get them at an attractive price. I think the good news, bad news of the things that Sunrise has been doing is that it has really positioned them I think on much more stable footing and probably makes them to need money less. 
Dustin Pizzo - UBS:  I believe Ross has a follow up as well. 
Ross Curran - UBS:  Debbie or Ray, can you talk a little bit about HCA, how are they doing, how is your loan there doing and remind us when do that mature? 
Debra Cafaro:  HCA is doing generally well. Since they are a bond issuer they continue to be registrant. I think bonds that we have are due in 2012, but I will confirm that. They are certainly talked about widely as a potential IPO candidate once we get a little clarity on healthcare reform, but clearly hospitals are one of the winners in the proposed healthcare reform environment. 
Ross Curran - UBS:  The other question I have is, on your senior housing and living portfolio how many of the properties there have EBITDAR less CapEx coverage that's less than 1.0? I mean I know the coverage overall looks fine, but I'm just trying to get a sense of the variance. 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, very few if any, and the reason we think about it that way is, think about this, Ross, if you do a master lease with Kindred say, and you do it in 1999, this is really just an allocation question. If we have a master lease that Kindred is making $2 or $2.1 for every $1 in rent that is paid to us, if in 1999 we allocated rent in a certain way and maybe asset one gets a little bit better and asset two gets a little bit worse, that's really just an allocation of rent issue, because all those assets are in the single master lease and all tied together. So, unless you have single asset or very small, so called master leases, the economic unit of inquiry is really the master lease. That's why the master leases are so powerful and so important, because over time you will see variations in single assets that really don't matter, because they are just artificial due to original rent allocations. So the key point, I do think that single lease coverage is important, and that's why we provide the Kindred by master lease coverage and by total, but our assets are doing well and they are cash flowing and our operators are doing well and support all that rent with them and credit as well. 
Ross Curran - UBS:  Can you remind me the cash flow coverage you are showing in your supplemental, are those before or after CapEx? 
Debra Cafaro:  Those are before CapEx. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, thanks. Couple of things, you're expanding the credit line and you placed a little bit less GSE debt I think than we were expecting, are you kind of rethinking your use of GSE? I am just trying to understand the rational for maybe expanding the line and whether you are going to relying on it more? 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, when we extended the revolver at the very end of the first quarter, we had a very distinct approach, and that was, the revolver was originally due in April of 2010. Our job we thought was to protect the downside and preserve the upside, so what we tried to do was get extensions that we did of about $600 million out until 2012, and left ourselves the flexibility to build on those 2012 maturities, as existing lenders or new lenders (inaudible) clear to extending additional credit to us. It's sort of a classic Ventas way of thinking about things, which is, to make sure that you're not facing a line of credit maturity in April of 2010 in case the bank market continues to be very constrained and negative, but allows yourselves to continue to improve over time. These two new lenders will improve that 2012 part of our revolver to 715, and others will likely follow and that will be great and we will enhance our liquidity. The GSEs have been terrific. We have done about $300 million. As the unsecured bond market continues to be on fire the difference between the pricing on those two instruments may compress, and we may decide we would rather do bonds than mortgage debt or whatever from an overall enterprise financing standpoint. So, we are always looking at all of those and it is good to just have access to all of them and we can do more or less as the circumstances dictate. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  Are you looking at all at 232 debts? 
Debra Cafaro:  No. That's the one that we will put to the side. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  Ray had mentioned, in terms of giving us some color on the Sunrise portfolio in fourth quarter, that occupancy would be flat, rate would be down, expenses would be up a little bit. I was just curious as to why rate was down? That was the one piece I guess I wanted to get a little color on. 
Ray Lewis:  There is a couple of basic drivers for that, Jerry. I think, one, we've seen more demand in the semi-private units, which are less expensive units and with all of the average daily rate down a little bit, we've been leasing up those units. Then also there has been some incentive and promotional pricing that we've put in place in the portfolio to drive occupancy, which has been working. So, those two factors I think will conspire to have rates decrease slightly in the fourth quarter. 
Debra Cafaro:  Jerry, just to add one point to what Ray said. As an existing resident at a higher in-place rent rolls off, if you replace that resident with a newer person who maybe gets that break on community fees or whatever, that also has the impact of slightly pulling down the ADR. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  I think that's all for me. I think the music at the beginning was little bit boring you might want to spark that up but otherwise. 
Debra Cafaro:  We don't spend a lot of time thinking about our music, but we will take that under advisement. 
Operator:  From your KeyBanc, your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford, please proceed. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  Following up on that last question on Sunrise, can you give us any occupancy numbers post another quarter, sometime through October? 
Ray Lewis:  Karin, the occupancy in October is higher than the third quarter average. I think, as we look into the fourth quarter, historical patterns have been that November and December have typically been weaker months, because people are less likely to move their parents during the Holiday season. So that's sort of what is driving our assumption that occupancy is going to be relatively flat on average through the fourth quarter. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  Do you have a guess as to what is driving the improving demand in occupancy, would you say it's improving consumer confidence, is it housing prices stabilizing, is it people's 401(k)'s looking a little more attractive. Do you have a sense? 
Ray Lewis:  I think a lot of those are factors, Karin. Certainly the improving economy, people believing that they have net worth and that the bottom is not falling out is providing confidence for a number of decisions including moving into our communities. I think there are also just some very basic, solid fundamentals in the industry. There hasn't been new supply. There continue to be more and more old people. So I think that that is playing into it as well. Finally, we have a need driven product and so there is always going to be I think a base level of demand. So when you combine an improving outlook, strong industry fundamentals and that base level of demand, it's feeding in to increasing occupancies in our properties. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  Next question I just on the acquisition front, I know you said you were seeing opportunities across all the asset classes, but I think you said last quarter that MOBs were still your preference. Is that still the case or based on relative pricing and opportunities, have you switched to look more at senior housing or something else? 
Ray Lewis:  We like MOBs and we think that pricing is attractive at current level. So we will continue to work in that area, and in fact. we are seeing a number of developer, operators that are looking for capital partners and as a public company with access to capital, we are well positioned to partner with them, to take advantage of what we think is a pretty good market opportunity. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  Are MOB cap rates still in the 7% to 8% range? 
Ray Lewis:  I think 7.5% to 8.5% is really sort of where I would band them right now Karin. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  Final question was on the agency debt you raised, seemed like the rate 5.5% was pretty attractive was that just due to the shorter maturities, it wasn't the 10-year deal that we've seen previously, those were sort of in the mid to high sixes 
Debra Cafaro:  Well, a couple things, one is spread had come in since the summer, though, they were in the high 200s versus over 300. For these assets, the base rate was lower and these were two different loans, a five and a 10, so the average weighted maturity was about 6.5 years, so obviously the base rate for that part and overall was lower than it was in the summer. So we were able to enjoy the benefit of all those things coming together. One other thing to your prior question, I mean we certainly do like, as Ray had said, the fundamentals in senior housing and certainly that's on our screen in terms of potential acquisition opportunities. 
Operator:  Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets is on the line with your next question. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Simple one first, I think Rick you mentioned about lease termination fees, was that in this quarter or last quarter? 
Rick Schweinhart:  It is in the second quarter. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  You guys are doing one thing different than everybody else, and that is you're increasing your revolver balance where a lot of other companies maybe outside of healthcare or maybe within healthcare are reducing their revolver balance when it comes time to renegotiate. So I am just curious, obviously, you are seeing acquisition opportunities, but as a firm if you get up to $925 million, would you be willing to put to use all of that if the right opportunity came, or is there a number a sort of like a number you would get to, what's your mindset about leverage and the revolver, because it seems like going in a different direction? 
Debra Cafaro:  Well leverage and liquidity are different and both are very important things. We think about the revolver as a liquidity vehicle, and if we had a $1 billion revolver, that certainly is not oversized for our company size of about $9 billion in enterprise value. So, in my view in almost every environment, having more liquidity at reasonably attractive option pricing is always better for the company. So, we certainly feel good that lenders in this environment are still willing to commit capital at Ventas at attractive terms, and as I said, we hope to continue to build on that. On the leverage side, I mean we are at a little over 4 times net debt to EBITDA. That and fixed charges are the things we really look at as we manage the balance sheet here. As you think, we have a significant amount of capacity and would still remain to increase leverage and still remain well investment grade quality and inside of where our investment grade peers in healthcare and certainly in the REIT sector have their balance sheet. So, we don't have intention to go lever up we do have a lot of credit statistics capacity, if you will, to acquire things over next year or so. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Are there meaningful or material costs associated with unused balance fees or anything like that with the revolver? 
Debra Cafaro:  Yes. I would say typically you pay some amount of up front fees and then our facility has a 20 basis point facility fee, which is payable on drawn and undrawn, so that's really the cost, but with anyone who just lived through the last 18 months can tell you that it is a very keep option to have 20 basis point facility fee for liquidity. So I feel that that's the right thing to do. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  On the topic of Sunrise, I mean it's good that you are seeing this resilience and all that, but do you envision that portfolio getting back to more of a normalized growth pattern next year, is that what the trajectory looks like or is it further out than that? 
Ray Lewis:  Well, Rich, this is Ray. I mean I think long-term we believe that as the economy recovers that these assets are well positioned to exhibit growth. There is virtually no new supply in the marketplace, these are very well located, high quality assets in great markets, and the aging demographics will continue to feed demand into these properties. That's the long-term thesis. The timing is really going to depend upon the strength and the trajectory of the recovery. We can all sort of postulate what we think that's going to look like. My own personal bias is that it is probably going to be not as a steep a recovery. It may be later in 2010 or 2011 before you start to see really meaningful growth in the portfolio, but we just have to keep watching the recovery and adjusting our expectations accordingly. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  So is a normalized occupancy and same store NOI growth numbers for Sunrise in the range of say low 90% and maybe 6% or 7% NOI growth, is that a normalized level to you, or is that, am I off on that. 
Ray Lewis:  I think where we would sort of expect to see a normalized NOI growth would be somewhere in the 3% to 5% range in a normalized environment. If the economy is really coming back strong and things are going really well you'd probably be at the upper end or perhaps even above that range. Certainly, over the last year as the economy struggled, it can be at the bottom end or below that range. 
Debra Cafaro:  You're right about occupancy I would say. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Then lastly you mentioned the cap rate range for medical office, but as part of this growing pipeline a function of a recent run up in cap rates in your world, or is it more potential sellers coming to the realization of the realities of the world. Is there any part of the movement in market cap rates that's driving your pipeline. 
Ray Lewis:  I think the bid-ask spread has narrowed and I think the reason Rich is, because the longer you persist in a higher cost of capital marketplace, the more sellers come to the realization that this is not a temporary thing that the bar has been reset and if they want to transact they have to face reality, and so I think there has been an acquiescence to reality. 
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Not necessarily a change in the absolute levels of cap rates just a realization of what they are now? 
Ray Lewis:  Yes. I think generally that's correct. I mean look our fundamentals are still good in our marketplace. Our cap rates have widened a hundred to a couple of hundred basis points off of their peak levels. I think, as I said, the sellers are now starting to recognize that as a new reality. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  Ray, just continuing on with the Sunrise margins, I'm curious as to whether or not when you said the 3% to 5% NOI growth on a normalized basis, your margins, I calculated roughly 31% and when you look at the other operators Brookdale and Ameritas they tend to be in the mid-30s. Would you expect then that in '10 and 2011 that you could see outsized NOI growth as those margins close? 
Ray Lewis:  I mean I think, as I said, if there is a strong recovery you could see the ability to push revenues well ahead of expenses and that would certainly improve margin, but I also think that perhaps as Sunrise is able to continue to shift its focus away from its liquidity to its operations, I think that can continue to drive productivity in our portfolio. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  When you look at acquisitions, I'm just curious about the structure of the deal in terms of what you would look at, potentially maybe partnering with an operator or something or providing some type of purchase option as part of that. Is that a type of deal that you would do if you were looking at the senior housing space or skilled nursing space? 
Ray Lewis:  Mark, I mean every deal is going to be different, but in general we are going to be looking at triple-net lease structures on quality assets with quality operators. We haven't offered purchase options as a general rule when we structure transactions and we wouldn't expect to change that going forward. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  What about mez investments if you are able to get control of an asset, would you look to do some type of mez investment? 
Ray Lewis:  The mezzanine loan-to-own strategy has not generally been something that we have participated in or advocated. In general our objective is to find good quality assets on the market that we can buy at an attractive price. To the extent that we are looking at doing debt transactions, we are really looking for distressed sellers of paper, where we can buy performing debt at, what we consider to be an attractive risk adjusted return for the debt investment itself. 
Debra Cafaro:  We look to get paid back in those circumstances. As a protection, have to feel comfortable that if we took the asset we could have a good recovery on the asset. In general real estate I think most people who follow the mez-to-own have not been happy with their outcomes. In addition in healthcare it's a much more operating asset with elderly residents, and so on. So we are not really following that as a sort of a loan-to-own. We would like to be paid back (inaudible). 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  What type of spreads are you seeing in the market? Are you seeing those deals in the market right now or not really? 
Ray Lewis:  Which deals?
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: Just the mez deals. I am just trying to get an idea of what premium that people would have to be willing to get to invest in a mez debt deal say, versus just a straight-up acquisition?
Ray Lewis: We have seen those deals Mark, but we haven't been putting ourselves in the position to price them. So I guess I couldn't really tell you where those things are clearing right now. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  Then one last thing, just on the convert debt that you have coming due. I mean what's your thoughts potentially, given the compression we've seen in the unsecured market about going out and issuing some unsecured and maybe tendering for the rest of that to kind of push out our maturities. 
Debra Cafaro:  No. That isn't really due until the fourth quarter of 2011. The coupons 3 and 7/8, we expect to pay that off at maturity. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of [Brian Satino] from Barclays Capital.
Brian Satino - Barclays Capital: Just quick question here on the mortgage debt with a 5.5% rate. How does that compare to some of the debt that's earmarked and that's maturing?
Debra Cafaro: Well, there's some debt maturing at the end of 2010 and that's probably in the 7% to 7% plus range.
Brian Satino - Barclays Capital: Then on the G&A expense with that coming down a bit in the quarter, I wanted to see if you could put some clarity around that, the decline in your expectation going forward?
Debra Cafaro: We expect on average between $40 million and $44 million total G&A for the year.
Brian Satino - Barclays Capital: Then really quick moving to Sunrise here, I know you mentioned there would be some ramp up in the back half of the year for utilities and repairs and marketing, but if I look at the margin, year-over-year, I think it came down a little bit and I just wanted to see if there was something else going on there? Are there some specific expense lines you can point on? 
Ray Lewis:  I think with respect to the decrease in margin, it's really just sort of the normal puts and takes that you'd see within a quarter I wouldn't point to anything specifically there. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Ko from Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. 
Michelle Ko - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch:  I was wondering if you could tell us in terms of cap rates, could you give us a sense of what you are seeing for the SNFs in senior housings? 
Ray Lewis:  Yields on skilled nursing facilities are leased deals between 9% and 10%, independent and assisted little broader range depending upon the acuity and the quality of the building, but say 7.5% to 9%. 
Michelle Ko - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch:  Earlier you were talking about unsecured debt looking more attractive these days and in the future you might look towards that versus GSE financing, and I was just wondering if you could tell us what pricing you would get on unsecured debt today? 
Debra Cafaro:  I'm going to give you an aggressive number, but we really think we could print a 10-year in the 7% to 7.5% range, probably more towards the higher end of that, but unsecured, yes. 
Operator:  We have a follow-up question from the line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel Nicolaus. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  Two quick things, the sense I got from the comments on acquisitions was pipeline building, but more likely we see stuff in 2010 than in the fourth quarter just from a couple of things you said, is that kind of the right take? 
Ray Lewis:  Jerry, I think that's probably right. As I said, the pipeline is building, there is interesting opportunities in there, but deals take their time to get done. So, yes, I think that's probably right. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus:  Just coming back to Sunrise, I know you had in your original purchase contract with the REIT, you got certain rights to buy stuff that was either in development or lease up, I know with Sunrise and their German workout, they've identified a number of things to sell, some of which are properties that are lease up properties, so are any of those things that you have contractual rights on or maybe more broadly would you consider buying Sunrise' assets maybe as they get stabilized that are currently wholly owned?
Debra Cafaro:  We do as you correctly say, have rights to acquire development assets in Canada and also in specified geographical areas in the US. We don't have contractual rights relative to the assets to which you refer. There aren't a lot of them. We would consider it under the right circumstances. 
Operator:  You have another follow up from David Toti from Citi. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  It is Michael Bilerman, I have quick follow-up. Debbie, your break out of NOI on slide seven in your supp, you should have break it out between all the different categories, if you were to think about three years out based on where your desires to invest are, based on where the pipeline sits, how does that breakout going forward? What would the company look like? 
Debra Cafaro:  We've talked a bit about that subject, because we think having a balanced diversified portfolio is a very important positive attribute and that it results in reliable cash flow for investors. So I would tell you that MOBs would be larger. They've rocketed from 3% to 4% sequentially to NOI. So I think those will be larger and I think that the hospital segment will be about the same to the extent that we get traction on our not for profit hospital initiative, if we don't that probably will shrink a little bit, maybe towards the 10% range. This over time will probably shrink to 25% or below, although we are open to acquiring quality skilled nursing assets and senior housing with all that will probably stay about half. I think I probably did more than 100%. 
Ray Lewis:  You might see another asset class in there. I mean there is still other areas of healthcare that we're not involved in that could provide some opportunities as well. 
Debra Cafaro:  Is that helpful? 
David Toti - Citi:  That's helpful. Sounds like some of those other asset class and MOBs make up for potentially a larger piece of the pipeline? 
Debra Cafaro:  You asked about a three year projection, not the pipeline. We will try to make that decision. 
Ray Lewis:  I think the general theme is that we want to continue to diversify our portfolio and grow it. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  You said the pipeline today was about $2 billion. I guess that's a no. 
Debra Cafaro:  I don't recall saying that. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  I won't put you on note. 
Operator:  From Morgan Keegan, your next question comes from the line of Chad Vanacore. 
Rob Mains - Morgan Keegan:  It's Rob Mains I just wrenched the phone out of Chad's hands. I was on another call, but I don't think this has been touched on, G&A has gone down sequentially three quarters in a row, are you at a level you think is sustainable? 
Debra Cafaro:  I think it will probably go up a bit in the fourth quarter. We did say they we generally project about $40 million to $44 million per annum. 
Operator:  You have another follow up from Karin Ford from KeyBanc. 
Karin Ford - KeyBanc:  One more quick one. When do you expect to have the cash, the $100 million of cash from HCP on hand? 
Debra Cafaro:  We will let you know as soon as the check arrives. Post trial motions are pending. We would expect those to be resolved by the end of the year. Then if either party files an appeal, then that will be stacked on to that and that may be another 18 months let's call it. It's just really hard to predict timing. 
Operator:  We have no further questions in the queue. 
Debra Cafaro:  I want to thank everyone for joining our call today. In a period of continued uncertainty, but certainly some positive developments, we appreciate your support. I want to assure you, all of us here at Ventas, are going to continue to do everything we can to deliver excellent results and build shareholder value for you and we look forward to seeing everyone at (inaudible) in a couple of weeks. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2009 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Natasha and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Smith. Please proceed.
David J. Smith: Good morning. And welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants, and welcome to our earnings call this morning. My colleagues and I are pleased to be joining you today from our Louisville office. For today's call we are changing our format a bit. I will provide the overview, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and Rick Schweinhart will address financial results in detail. After that the Ventas management team will be happy to answer your questions. Our second quarter was excellent, and Ventas continues to be a cash flowing profitable enterprise. Cash flow from operations is growing significantly, up 17% from last year. Normalized FFO is strong at $0.68 per fully diluted share. Our balance sheet and liquidity position are among the best in the REIT sector. And our diverse portfolio of high quality need driven healthcare and senior housing assets, including our Sunrise operating portfolio, are performing well through a sustained and deep recession. As we navigate through this difficult environment, we believe we are meeting the competing challenges of protecting the downside, while preserving the upside for our shareholders. As a result of our year-to-date activities and results, we are increasing our full year 2009 normalized FFO per share to $2.55 to $2.62 per fully diluted share. We are also increasing our NOI guidance range for our operating portfolio of 79 high quality private paid senior living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living. Our credit statistics, liquidity position and access to multiple capital markets are outstanding, with about four times debt to EBITDA, fixed charge coverage exceeding three times, no net debt maturities until 2012, virtually nothing drawn on our revolving line of credit, and over $100 million in cash on hand, Ventas is positioned to thrive in any economic or capital markets environment. This optionality is very valuable to our shareholders. Fitch recently recognized the excellence of our liquidity and balance sheet by upgrading Ventas's debt ratings to BBB flat. We remain committed to our investment grade rating and moving up the credit curve and to optimizing our blended cost of capital. This year as promised we have demonstrated access to almost every market, bank, fund, equity, the agencies and assets sales. Following on our successful line of credit extension and asset sale in the first quarter, we raised about $640 million in the second quarter from multiple sources. With this new equity and debt capital, proceeds of asset sales and our strong cash flow from operations, we retained or purchased over $400 million in long-term debt during the quarter, paid down our revolver balance to about $10 million and retained over $100 million in cash on hand. I want to touch on two sources of our increasing liquidity this quarter. The $114 million TSC sponsored loan and the sale of 600 performing assets to Kindred. The TSC ten-year loan is secured by 16 senior housing assets. This collateral consists primarily of smaller assisted living and Alzheimer's communities in rural areas. The communities were valued at a 6.8% cap on rent and loan proceeds exceeded ten times Ventas' annual cash rents. We believe this is a great transaction for Ventas. We were also pleased to close our sale of six underperforming skilled nursing assets to our tenant Kindred at the end of the second quarter. The transaction improved our portfolio, provides liquidity to Ventas and is another example of working collaboratively with Kindred management to create value for both companies. So, it was a productive quarter. Ventas is in an enviable, heads we win, tails we win position. Here's what I mean by that. If the economy remains mired in a downturn, we have the liquidity and assets to manage through successfully and our need driven assets and triple-net leases should provide resilient cash flow. And with the new REIT balance sheet paradigm, it's four times debt to EBITDA, we are already there without the need for additional equity issuance. On the flip side in a recovery scenario, our operating portfolio and contractual debt escalation should provide lift from internal growth and our balance sheet capacity, low cost of debt and access to a variety of debt sources should enable us to make attractive acquisitions and deliver strong earnings growth to our shareholders. Either way you look at it, Ventas is in a great spot. I'll now turn the call over to my partner Ray Lewis, who will discuss the performance of our triple-net lease and operating portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thank you Debbie. Our triple-net lease portfolio of diversified healthcare and senior housing assets continued to perform well at 1.8 times cash flow coverage. We received 76% of our NOI from this pool, multi-facility master leases with credit and structural support and contractual growth escalation. These assets are spread across our portfolio of independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing and hospital assets, and exhibit stable fundamentals. Notably, this coverage for our current triple-net portfolio has remained constant at 1.8 times since 2007. The weighted average remaining lease term for our triple-net lease assets is between seven and eight years. Importantly, during the quarter, Kindred renewed all 109 assets that were up for renewal in 2010, demonstrating the productivity of this diversified pool of skilled nursing home and long-term acute care hospitals. The leases for these properties will continue on existing contractual terms including escalation through 2015. So the takeaway from our triple-net lease portfolio, is that it continues to provide reliable cash flow and is diversified by tenant, operator geography, payor source and asset class. Our operating portfolio consists of 79 high-end mansion style assisted living communities managed by Sunrise Senior Living and 22 medical office buildings. These operating assets provide us with granular, highly diversified revenue streams that account for 22% of our NOI. Our results in this portion of our portfolio were excellent this quarter and contributed to our guidance increase. The key takeaway from our Sunrise managed operating portfolio are, that in the second quarter NOI and margin increased compared to the prior quarter, as a result a 1.2% higher average daily rate and lower expenses offset in part by lower occupancy. Average stabilized occupancy for the second quarter came in at 87.2%, which is about where we expected it. As we discussed in our last call with you, we began to see signs of stabilization in occupancy during the second quarter. And occupancy seems to be holding and even modestly improving into July. It's encouraging to see the resiliency of this portfolio in the current environment. Our Sunrise communities generated total community NOI for the second quarter of $33.9 million, roughly 19% of the company's NOI and totaled $64.4 million for the first half of 2009. For the balance of the year we expect roughly comparable revenues and occupancies, tempered by higher budgeted expenses such as utilities and repairs and maintenance, both of which tend to ramp-up in the second half of the year. As a result of our reforecast and strong second quarter results from the portfolio, we are increasing our full year 2009 Sunrise NOI guidance to between $122 million and $129 million. This represents a significant increase in expectation versus our prior NOI guidance of $110 million to $125 million. Although we have increased our Sunrise NOI expectations, we continued to be cautious about a second half economic recovery and Sunrise results will depend significantly on broader trends in the economy, the housing market, consumer psychology and unemployment levels. We do know that Sunrise management is working hard to improve its marketing and sales efforts and to continue controlling expenses, while staying committed to the goal of providing superior care to seniors, maintaining its premium brand and ensuring that our communities are in excellent physical condition. Our medical office building portfolio did well this quarter. Ventas NOI from our 19 stabilized MOBs grew to $4.5 million in second quarter, up from $4.3 million in the first quarter. These stable assets are generating over 8% unlevered yields to Ventas on our total gross investment. The lion's share of our MOBs are on the campus of major hospital systems. We also opened one development MOB in June in a burgeoning area of Greenville, South Carolina on the campus of a new hospital being developed by a well regarded, not-for-profit hospital system, Bon Secours. Our new MOB is over 85% leased and the project was delivered on time and on budget. In sum, our operating portfolio delivered good performance in the second quarter. Now Rick Schweinhart, our CFO, will provide you with a detailed review of our financial results. Rick?
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. Debbie has already summarized on capital markets transactions in the second quarter in here today. Obviously, our successful transactions significantly affected our income statement balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter. There are a couple of data points I'd like to add and reinforce. At June 30, we had only $10 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility and over $850 million of undrawn availability. The company's debt to total capitalization in the quarter end is excellent at 36%. Our credit stats were very good and are improving with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at 4.1 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio over three times. As of June 30, we have less than $19 million in total debt maturities remaining in 2009 and $170 million in total debt maturities in 2010, excluding normal periodic principal amortization payments. Most of the debt maturing in 2010 is mortgage debt. Over time, we expect to continue using our high-quality large pool of stable senior living assets selectively to tap the attractive Freddie and Fannie debt market. Turning to earnings in June quarter, second quarter normalized FFO was 105.1 million or $0.68 per diluted share. Normalized FFO includes a lease termination fee of $2.3 million and excludes the net benefits of $29.5 million composed of a gain on sale of assets of $39 million, the loss on early extinguishment of debt of $6 million and merger-related expenses and deal costs of $3.5 million. The trend line from first quarter to second quarter of 2009 was positive. Normalized FFO per diluted share increased $0.01 to $0.68. Normalized FFO of $105.1 million was up 10% from the $95.7 million in the first quarter. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $116.8 million from $114.6 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Generalized NOI was $33.9 million compared to $30.5 million in the preceding quarter. The increase was principally due to an increase in the average daily rate, lower expenses and one more day in the quarter offset by lower occupancies. Average occupancy in the stable assets climbed 180 basis points sequentially to 87.2% from 89%. Interest expense improved to $44.2 million from $46.1 million in the first quarter 2009 due primarily to our senior note purchases and debt repayments. G&A was $10.4 million, flat for the first quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding increased to 154.5 million in the second quarter versus 143.1 million in the first due to our successful April 2009 equity offering. Second quarter FAD per diluted share also turned positively at $0.66 compared to $0.64 from the first. Next, let me compare the second quarter of 2009 normalized FFO per diluted share to the second quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO grew 8% to $105.1 million from $97.8 million last year. However second quarter FFO per diluted share was $0.68 compared to $0.70 last year, due to the 11% increase in shares outstanding this quarter. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $116.8 million from $113.2 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise NOI was $33.9 million compared to $38.0 million last year. This reduction was principally due to $4 million of property level, expense credits and reconciliations in the second quarter of last year that did not reoccur in the current quarter. In addition, unfavorable movements in the Canadian dollar exchange rate had a negative impact of $760,000 on Sunrise NOI this quarter versus second quarter of last year. So big picture the portfolio shows stable NOI year-over-year essentially due to lower expenses offset by lower occupancy in the current quarter. Also year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $5.4 million from $3.7 million due primarily the acquisitions and leasehold activity. Interest income on loans and investments was $3.3 million compared to $1.5 million last year, all because of investments we made in the last 12 months. The second quarter 2009 includes a lease termination fee of $2.3 million, while last year's second quarter contained a $1.6 million lease termination fee. Interest expense decreased to $44.2 million from $51.4 million last year principally due to debt repayments and purchases. Our weighted average cost of debt is 6.6%. Weighted average shares outstanding increased 11% in the second quarter of 2009 versus the comparable 2008 period, to $154.5 million from $138.7 million. The share count increased due to our April 2009 and our August 2008 equity offerings. What is highly significant about this quarter's normalized FFO per share compared to the second quarter of 2008 is that our fully diluted shares outstanding increased 11% but our normalized FFO per share is only down 3% from $0.70 to $0.68. Even more importantly, our second quarter 2009 cash flow from operations grew 17% compared with the second quarter of last year. This shows that our base business is performing well and that our assets and business are productive and reliable. It also demonstrates that we have strengthened our balance sheet from an equity issuance considerably while maintaining strong FFO per share of performance. We are also increasing our guidance because of our second quarter results in our outlook. For our senior housing operating portfolio managed by Sunrise, we expect NOI for the full year to come in between $122 million and $129 million, up from our original projection of $110 million to $125 million. This represents a 7% increase in expectations. We are also improving our corporate guidance for 2009 normalized FFO per diluted share to $2.55 to $2.62 from $2.48 to $2.58 per share. I'll turn the call over to Debbie to wrap up.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks Rick. We are delighted to deliver great second quarter results and improved guidance to our shareholders for the rest of the year. During the balance of 2009 we'd expect to continue to reward our shareholders with a stable and secure all-cash dividend. We also expect our highly diversified portfolio of need driven assets to continue to deliver reliable cash flows. During the quarter, we significantly enhanced the company's best-in-class financial strength and flexibility and received an important credit upgrade. We have demonstrated access to multiple markets and executed a thoughtful reequitization plan that we believe was both shareholder and debt holder friendly. We believe we are serving our constituents well during a period of disruption and uncertainty. More importantly, as a cash flowing profitable and conservatively financed enterprise, we are poised to continue our long track record of delivering excellent risk adjusted returns and protecting and increasing value for all of our investors. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Dustin Pizzo with UBS. Please proceed.
Dustin Pizzo: Hey. Thank you. Good morning everyone. Ross Nussbaum is on with me for help.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning.
Dustin Pizzo: Good morning. Debbie, couple of questions. First, strategically while you don't have any immediate liquidity needs, can you just elaborate a bit on Richard's comments that you look to potentially to take advantage of the attractive price gain versus issuing unsecured paper. Given the strides that you continue to make maybe you are just dealing with the fact that when you look at notes today in the five to seven year range it looks like they're trading in the 7% to 8% range.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, there's a couple of things I'd like to say in response Dustin. One year is our bonds are trading very well. The spreads on our bonds are maybe around 450 over. So our paper continues to issue and trade extremely well. And so we do have a good access to the unsecured debt market. As we have been moving up the credit curve we have been really conscious of maintaining a balanced capital structure, going more unsecured and less secured debt. We do think agency financing however is very attractive as it is pricing in the 6 to 7% range. And so, we had initially looked during the year to raise about $200 million of secured agency debt. And I think our comments today are consistent with that. And I think the last point I want to make is what we're really doing is replacing mortgage debt with mortgage debt because we do have in 2010 most of our maturities which is maybe 175 million or so is all mortgage debt. And so we will be keeping our secured debt ratios in balance. And we will be lowering our overall cost of debt, which is an important objective for the company as well.
Dustin Pizzo: Okay. And then it looks you've recorded about 5.5 million of merger-related costs. And well I think I already know what the answer is going to be, can you provide any more detail on what exactly those costs are related to?
Debra Cafaro: It's substantially all the costs of the ACP litigation and that's what's on that line.
Dustin Pizzo: Okay. So it's more legal related than deal related, it sounds like?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We've been, yes. That's what's in that line.
Dustin Pizzo: Okay. And going as you look at the trial I guess commencing later during the summer. Is there a continued cost budgeted in the existing guidance?
Debra Cafaro: Those amounts are excluded between NAREIT FFO and normalized FFO. We've consistently added those costs back. And if you look at the table in the back of our press release, you'll see that for the year net in total of those kinds of adjustments we have maintained $0.10 to $0.11 per share range for all the items that are in there.
Dustin Pizzo: Okay. And I believe, Ross had a follow-up as well.
Ross Nussbaum: Hi everyone. Good morning. Just one follow-up. Debbie can you talk a little bit about as you think about acquisitions in this environment which niche of the healthcare world, do you find most attractive right now from a risk reward perspective?
Raymond Lewis: Hey Ross, it's Ray. I think we will continue to invest in all areas of healthcare real estate. The market that we see providing the most immediate opportunity is probably the medical office building space. As health systems are continuing to need capital for growth and as capital sources remain relatively constrained, they are looking at alternative funding sources such as REITs to provide capital for growth. They are looking to dispose off their medical office buildings. And so, we think there will be a consistent and increasing opportunity set in the medical office space. And we think that could be pretty attractive for us, both from a flow of opportunities and also a strategic desire to continue to diversify our portfolio into that area.
Ross Nussbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry Doctrow: Thanks. A couple of my things have already been covered. I guess coming back to the Sunrise a little bit you touched on this I think saying expenses likely come up sort of the rest of the year. I was just wondering if we can get a little bit more color on what was going on in the quarter. I mean it was a dramatic improvement in the expense controls and margins. And just a little better sense of what's going on with that portfolio, maybe a little color on the lease-up property that kind of thing?
Raymond Lewis: So during the quarter Jerry I think you're right. The expenses were lower. I think it was pretty much across the board. We saw I think notably in utilities and repairs and maintenance which as we mentioned in our opening remarks tend to be spent more in the second half of the year rather than the first half. So, those were trending below budget and probably the most notable of the expense items. But in general, we saw that expenses were lower across the board.
Jerry Doctrow: Okay. And just a couple of other things quickly. Healthcare reform and obviously your coverage ratios are very strong on the Kindred assets where the reimbursement risks are. But, how you do think about that? How should investors be thinking about what's coming out of Washington?
Debra Cafaro: Jerry I'll try that one. Good morning.
Jerry Doctrow: Good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Just to give everyone some grounding, the proposed rule for nursing homes and LTACs are in place at about a 1.2% Medicare rate reduction proposed for fiscal year 2010 and a 2.2% increase in Medicare rates for the LTACs for fiscal year 2010. Those rules are proposed and typically the rules get better when they are finalized. And they'll be finalized in the next couple of days. So if the rules are finalized in their current form, we would expect there to be pretty stable and consistent EBITDAR in our assets in fiscal year 2010. And obviously if the rule spatters then that will be all for the good. As you look to -- and we do have as you mentioned over 2.2 times cash flow coverage at the next large multi-facility master leases that we have with Kindred. And those triple-net leases are designed to contemplate ups and downs in Medicare reimbursement over time. And ebbs and flows in the operator EBITDAR knowing that our rent should continue to be money good. And so we feel really good about that. If you look forward I think to the bigger picture of healthcare reform, I do think it's too early to tell. But, as that, as healthcare reform if it gets passed and as the rules get refined, we would hope and expect that Kindred with its leadership position in the post acute world would be someone who would do well in that environment.
Jerry Doctrow: Okay. And then just last thing from me, there are a couple portfolios out there potentially being shopped-- skilled nursing and some others. How are you feeling about again kind of the world in general at this point, and are those things that you would consider we take a look at at the right price?
Raymond Lewis: Yes Jerry, it's Ray. The first half, there really wasn't a lot of -- particularly in the seniors housing and skilled nursing area, there wasn't a lot of activity in the marketplace. I think you're right. As you look out to the second half we are aware of, several portfolios that are getting teed up to come to market, we'll certainly look at everything. And if we can find a good risk adjusted return in there that's attractive, we would certainly consider making an investment. So --
Jerry Doctrow: Okay. Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Jerry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Karin Ford: Hi, good morning. Just a clarification on your comments on the Sunrise expenses. It sounds like because the expense improvement was across the board and you are only expecting a couple of the line items to sort of rebound in the second half of the year, that you are expecting a portion of the margin improvement to be recurring, but not all of it. Would that be accurate?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, yes.
Karin Ford: Okay. A portion of your credit facility had gotten extended and renewed last quarter, but a portion of it still remains due in 2010. Is there any update on that piece that's coming due next year?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We have 590 in revolving credit capacity that matures in mid-2012 and then 277 that matures in mid-2010. And we basically believe that the 600 million which matures in 2010 is more than adequate capacity for our needs. We tend to have our revolver usage at less than a third of the capacity over time. We still, that all said we still are in discussions with our lenders to see whether any of the ones who were not in a position to extend when we completed the extension in March, to see if they would now be in a position to extend. And we structured the facility to make that easy for them to do. So that's how we are approaching it for the time being.
Karin Ford: Okay. That makes sense. Last question is just on the Sunrise Senior Living front. Is there any update from you guys on discussions with them on the strategic front in terms of changing the management contract or, the assets that you own in partnership with them on the capital front? Or are there any strategic changes on their side? I think I had read an article where they were discussing perhaps trying to price their product a little more affordably in this current economic environment. Is there any new changes on that front?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think it's important to reiterate that as one of Sunrise's capital partners and they do own 20% interest in about 60 of the assets that they manage for us that we are open under the right terms, and at the right time to being a source of liquidity for them as they continue to resolve their corporate issues. And so there is some possibility that we could acquire this 20% interest from them. And we continue generally to try to work constructively with Sunrise to enhance the value of our assets. And this is our principal objective to drive NOI to the assets and to maximize the value of the assets.
Karin Ford: Is there a current thought of perhaps reducing, you've been getting good rate increases but perhaps reducing the rate in order to try to boost occupancy? Or are you satisfied with the current operating plan at this time?
Raymond Lewis: Karin, it's Ray. I think Sunrise has been pretty disciplined about going through the portfolio, looking at the units that have been vacant for longer periods of time and applying discounts to any to those units. Those that continue to be in high demand have not been seeing discounts. In fact, about two-thirds of the new move-ins so far this year has been receiving some form of discount. But in general, it's been pretty limited and has been used to move units and drive occupancy primarily. And so I think we continue to be a premium priced product. I would expect that to continue given the quality of the assets, the location that they're in, and the quality of service that Sunrise provides in there. And so we're hopeful that that will continue.
Karin Ford: Thanks. That's helpful.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Karin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sakino (ph) with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Just wanted to get a couple of additional questions here on Sunrise. You guys provided some good details on the expense upside that you received. If you could also give us some updates in terms of how you know I guess that pricing and occupancy has progressed versus some of the guidance that you gave us coming into the year?
Raymond Lewis: Bryan, this is Ray. I mean I think if you look at the performance of the portfolio, occupancy has hovered around the 87% range for the second quarter, which is consistent with what we told you on the last call. We've seen some modest uptick heading into the third quarter, but consistent I think with prior quarter's performance. Rate has been up modestly this year. And annual rate increases have been offset somewhat by promotional pricing at the assets. And so, in general I think the performance on the top line has been relatively consistent with what we have been saying so far this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thanks. And then with the MOBs that you guys moved into operations this quarter I guess, can you give us a little bit of perspective on how to think about the rate there versus your portfolio that won't be as currently operations?
Raymond Lewis: Well, so the asset that we moved into operations this year was the development asset in Greenville that I mentioned in my opening remarks. As I said, the asset was significantly free leased at 85% plus. Rates were consistent with we had underwritten and consistent with what we would expect for a A quality MOB on campus with an excellent health system.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti with Citi. Please proceed.
David Toti: Good morning everyone. Michael Bilerman is here with me as well.
Debra Cafaro: Hi guys.
David Toti: First question, with regard to skilled nursing I know you touched a little bit upon the government interaction in terms of program proposals, what's your view on your exposure in terms of portfolio to public versus private funding sources ? Are you still fairly comfortable with that ratio, or are you thinking that perhaps you might want more exposure to the public side?
Debra Cafaro: Well, if you look at the portfolio and I'll give you some statistics what we do is we annualize NOI for the quarter assuming that all the sales and acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the period. And if you look at our NOI portfolio, what you see is that skilled nursing is about 29% of our NOI and long-term acute care hospitals are about 15%. And I guess you're characterizing... and in each of those assets if you look through to the operations, some portion of the revenues are government reimbursed in the nursing homes, it would be Medicare and some Medicaid. And in the hospitals, it's almost all Medicare. But there's also a private pay managed care component in each of those asset types. And we're comfortable with those levels of investments and those red levels. We have always thought it's important to have a balanced asset class and payer source in our portfolio. Because if you've seen just in the last three years, people loved private pay then they loved government reimbursed and so on and so forth. And we think it's our job to build a portfolio that delivers reliable cash flows and has counter cyclical risk in it.
David Toti: Great. And then, Ray you did touch upon MOBs as being probably the top of the list in terms of growth, external growth opportunities and interest. Where was skilled nursing facilities fall in that spectrum?
Raymond Lewis: As Debbie mentioned, we like our portfolio mix the way it stands right now. I think if you project it forward and we focused on medical office and building out that percentage by definition skilled nursing would probably shrink as a percentage of our total portfolio. That having been said, I think if we found some good, high-quality, newer skilled nursing assets with strong operators, we would be interested in deploying capital there.
David Toti: Great. And then just stepping back a bit from a macro perspective relative to senior housing, last quarter or the quarter, obviously a couple of quarters before that, there was a lot of discussion about pent-up demand and some of the need driven demand for senior housing being delayed because of the economic environment. Have you seen trends in the last couple of months that would suggest that some of that demand has been unlocked and is that one of the reasons for a slightly more positive outlook for the second half?
Debra Cafaro: Well, one thing as you didn't mention that we think is really important is that there is virtually no new supply coming online of assisted living products. And that I think makes, sets the stage really David for a strong snap back in performance as and when the economy does turn up, turns for the better. So I think that's an important piece of the puzzle. We are happy that we've seen what we thought we were seeing when we spoke to you in May which is some stabilization in occupancy at around that 87% level. And we are in fact seeing that hold and in fact improve a little bit as we ended the quarter and came into July. And we'll have to continue to monitor it carefully to see whether that really takes hold and continues to rise. So, we're cautiously optimistic and we'll let you know more as soon as we know more.
David Toti: Debbie, it's Michael speaking. Just had a quick question, back at NAREIT, when we spoke, talked a little bit about being up, being able to be opportunistic given where the balance sheet is. Though you want to be very prudent in terms of how you put out capital, also in terms of size and that's, not to say there was a house limit but that a transaction if you're going to go out would probably max to be a 500 million. Has that changed at all in the past two months in terms of how you are thinking about capital deployment and sort of that first move that you're going to make in sort of putting cash out?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think your characterization of us as a management team as being prudent and patient is really correct. We want to make sure that when we deploy capital, we do so carefully and we know at that point in time that we can replace the capital and we know what the cost of that capital is. So, I don't want to put a house limit on anything. But I do think you can expect us as we always have to proceed prudently and hopefully intelligently as we begin to deploy capital as hopefully we start coming out of the current economic and capital market downturn.
Michael Bilerman: And that's helpful. In your sense I think you talked about being able to tap every source of capital this year between bank, bonds, the agencies, the equity market asset sales and clearly having gotten favorable pricing at the time relative to market your perspective today given that we've seen continued narrowing of spreads across all of those markets and cost of capital. How do you think if you were to raise additional capital today, well I recognize the balance sheet is under levered or for the new realm where four times debt to EBITDA is the new norm, you're already there. But how do you think about if you have to raise additional capital from here that cost?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as we think about a blended cost to debt that's part bonds, part bank, which again the bank borrowing level is quite low it's probably under 3%. We've got the bond costs at let's call it 450 to 475 over, and we've got Freddie and Fannie between six and 7%. So you blend that all in there and it's a fairly attractive cost to debt I would say.
Michael Bilerman: And then your equity hurdle rate is probably higher today than it was in the past despite the cost of debt being low?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Well, higher than 2007, lower than November 2008.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard Anderson: Thanks for that. Good morning folks.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Rich.
Raymond Lewis: Hey Rich.
Richard Anderson: Good quarter. You know on the Sunrise topics for a moment, some of your peers are making an effort or at least mentioning the fact how they're not exposed to that situation. But you don't seem to be in that camp. But it seems like you're more inclined to work with them and have no imminent interest in trying to replace them. Is that a fair characterization?
Debra Cafaro: I think the way we think about it Rich is that we are razor focused on maximizing the value of the assets and maximizing the NOI of the assets. And for the moment that has led us to take a constructive approach and that's how I would characterize our thinking on the topic.
Richard Anderson: Okay. How much of the rise in Sunrise in terms of your outlook for the year, was driven by what we would, what might be natural seasonality factors in the second and third quarter. I mean this like seasonality issue kind of came through whereas in the first quarter you may not have been so sure that was going to come through, how much did seasonality play in the -- can you quantify that at all?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we're discounting the impact of seasonality since I do think that we are in the deepest and most prolonged recession of our lifetime. And so in some ways, we're in uncharted waters. And so we're really, we're discounting the seasonality impact and we are really just blocking and tackling in terms of what do we think revenues are going to look like, what do we think rates are going to look like, do we think occupancy is sort of stabilizing? Whereas perhaps in the beginning of the year, there was a lot less visibility on some of those topics.
Richard Anderson: Okay. To the topic of your leverage obviously as you describe it already there at four times debt to EBITDA. But let's say the acquisition markets starts to heat up and there's opportunities the REITs starts to play their roles, become more inquisitive you guys included. Where is your sort of range of comfort in using that metric debt to EBITDA, assuming four as the low end, how high are you willing or able to go, to start to execute externally?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think we're comfortable where we are and as the environment changes we would make our conclusion about what our balance sheet should look like in that environment.
Richard Anderson: Rating agencies have a sealing on that number I assume?
Debra Cafaro: We have always been the most important governors on the way we handle our balance sheet and I think we've done a really good job at that. And so, that's where we care what the rating agency thinks, rating agency thinking we're committed to moving up the credit curve. But really I think, we make the critical judgments and we're responsible for making the critical judgments about what we want our balance sheet to look like in different capital markets and economic environments.
Richard Anderson: Okay. On the Kindred transaction, obviously that's a nice win for you and I know you kind of call it a win for them too as far as it, necessarily you see it that way, but I kind of get it eliminating underperforming assets. But who approached who on that transaction? Can you kind of walk us through that?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean it really is a collaborative transaction and I think it does create value for both sets of shareholders. The good answer to your specific question is that we're working with Kindred sort of all the time, and so it really was and mutual conversation.
Richard Anderson: Okay. And do you see more pockets of opportunity like that in the future?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I can only talk to history. We've done this four or five times in the past and it's worked well for both companies. And over time there's always interest in culling the portfolio, improving it and creating situations that view, that are good for both companies. So over time I would expect, given the past I would hope and expect that there may be more opportunities to do things like this.
Richard Anderson: And then last question, quick one; what is your unencumbered assets today?
Debra Cafaro: The pool?
Richard Anderson: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: I'll have to get back to you, I know we have about 1.5 billion of senior housing that's unencumbered. And all of Kindred's unencumbered, we have a huge unencumbered pool but we'll have to get back to about the specifics on that.
Richard Anderson: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed
Jim Sullivan: Thanks. With respective to Sunrise, it sounds like your less pessimistic outlook for the rest of '09 is based not on top line but on the expense side, is that fair?
Raymond Lewis: Jim, this is Ray. I think in general what we've tried to do is assume that the top line remains relatively stable through the balance of the year and then, look at different margin outcomes based on the last couple of quarters of performance. So yeah, I mean I think you're right, I think we're looking at expenses as being the primarily determinant of where we'll end up in our range through the balance of the year.
Jim Sullivan: And with respect to the expenses the -- in your same-store pool the expenses dropped 5% sequentially, I think you're attributing that to seasonality, is that correct?
Raymond Lewis: Well, there is a component of seasonality in the expenses with respect to utilities and repairs and maintenance which as I mentioned in my opening comments, tend to be just naturally loaded towards the back half of the year. We did see, as I also said sort of expense reductions across the board which may or may not continue into the second half.
Jim Sullivan: I guess where I get confused on the expenses is, looking at the year-over-year comparison in Q2 '08, you had 72 properties in your same-store pool and the expenses were about 67 million. Now you have 78 properties in that pool and the expenses were 67.7. Trying to figure out how you added six properties without meaningfully increasing the absolute amount of expense.
Debra Cafaro: I'm trying to understand the question. Last year we had a $4 million credit to expenses. And so that -- I don't know if that answers your question, or frankly goes the other way. I think --
Jim Sullivan: You reported 63 million, you add back the four, that gets you to 67 million on a 72 property pool.
Debra Cafaro: Yes
Jim Sullivan: Q '09 you're reporting expenses of 67.7 almost the same number, but the size of the pool increased to 78 properties from 72 previously.
Debra Cafaro: I'm not sure that you're reading that right, because we have same-store comparisons in terms of 74 and 78. So I think we'd be back to take the question offline so we can walk through it with you in detail.
Jim Sullivan: Yeah. You actually did a disclosure in 3Q '08 particularly, that's where were pulling the numbers. I'm just trying to figure out how you add six properties, but don't incur any material increase in expense. I understand the seasonality looking sequentially, looking forward. But I'm trying to compare year-over-year.
Debra Cafaro: We do compare year-over-year sort of for you there. So let's do it offline.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. And then staying with Sunrise. I'm trying to figure out how your partner's share of the NOI is determined, when I look at same store 2Q '09 versus 2Q '08, total NOI decreases 12.5%, yet your partner's share of NOI actually increases by 4%. Why would that happen?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we do share NOI carries them to at the assets. And we own some assets 100% and some between 75 and 85%. And so, it could be the mix.
Jim Sullivan: I'm not sure I follow that. I'm trying to figure out for the portfolio, there's a substantial decrease in NOI, but the partner share of NOI actually increases.
Debra Cafaro: The only other thing I can think of is that we book in our portion franchise taxes and things that are outside of operations that bill only to us. So again, I think this will be a technical point, we'll be happy to walk through with you after the call.
Jim Sullivan: So, Ventas's share of NOI which dropped 15%, is that a better sort of decrease to think about for the overall '09 performance?
Raymond Lewis: Yeah, I think if you look at the second quarter and the first quarter of '09, and you take the company's or the partner share as a percentage of the total it hovers around that 15% which seems to be about the right level looking over time.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome.
Operator: At this time I show no further questions, and would like to turn the call over to Debra Cafaro for any closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: All right. Well, we are happy to report a good quarter to you, and to increase our guidance. And we'll continue through the balance of the year to work very hard to create value for all of you. So thank you for joining and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: This concludes the presentation you may all now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David J. Smith - Investor Relations Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Richard A. Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citigroup David Toti – Citigroup Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - UBS David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co. Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2009 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kameesha and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's call, Mr. David Smith. Please proceed
David J. Smith: Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement today regarding its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies, and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and our other participants and welcome to our first quarter 2009 earnings call. My colleagues and I are joining me today from our Louisville office. I'm happy to report that things are good at Ventas. Our safe, strong financial strategy is working. At 35% debt to enterprise value, four times debt to EBITDA and extended undrawn credit facilities and limited near-term maturities, Ventas is clearly in a great balance sheet and liquidity position. We are committed to an improving investment grade credit profile. We are also pleased to announce that Kindred has extended the term for all 109 healthcare assets whose leases were maturing in 2010. The leases for these skilled nursing facilities at long-term acute care hospitals will continue on existing contractual terms including escalation until 2015. This extension of over $127 million in annual cash rent demonstrates the quality and productivity of our diverse healthcare assets and the reliability of our cash flow. And finally, we are reporting excellent first quarter earnings. Today, we will discuss those earnings, our numerous capital markets transactions, portfolio performance, recently proposed Medicare rules and our outlook for the balance of the year. First, normalized FFO was $0.67 per share for the first quarter, flat with the year ago, which is an excellent result and slightly ahead of our expectations. It is also important to point out that at the corporate level, our first quarter 2009 cash flow from operations grew 7% and our normalized FFO increased 5% from the year ago period. Turning to our capital markets activity. In February, we said that we would continue to execute an aggressive strategy of balance sheet management to stay ahead of the commercial real estate credit dislocation. This approach requires that we: one, reduce already low leverage levels; two, opportunistically dispose of assets; three, extend debt maturities and four, demonstrate access to multiple capital markets. We have executed that strategy with a vengeance. Over the last four months, we have raised over $1 billion from assets sales, our banks, the bond market and equity issuances. As a result, the company is clearly ahead (ph) within the REIT space, ready to weather a contracting economy and difficult credit market and also prepared to execute on investment opportunities when the time is right. Here are the specifics of our capital raising activities. During the first quarter, we sold almost $100 million of assets at good valuations. Next, we successfully extended and amended our unsecured credit facility, increasing current borrowing capacity and obtaining new commitments for about $600 million of revolving credit availability until 2012. Getting our banks to extend our borrowing capacity in such a constrained lending environment was a great outcome for Ventas and we thank our credit partners for supporting us. Currently, we have virtually nothing drawn on these credit facilities. Finally, we raised $480 million through a concurrent issuance of equity and debt. Both transactions were incredibly successful. Ventas is one of only two REITs that have accessed the unsecured bond market this year, and we did sell at a single-digit yield that no one thought possible. Our equity offering went even better and we increased the size of the deal by 50% to $312 million in proceeds. In structuring our recapitalization, we prioritize balance sheet strength and liquidity; no question about it. But we also thought hard about finding a sensible near-term use of proceeds to minimize the earnings impact from our increased equitization. So we used the proceeds of our offerings and sales to dramatically reduce near-term maturity. Specifically, we paid off all of our 2009 bonds and bought back virtually all of our bonds due 2010 and more than half of our bonds due 2012 and 2014. We used the balance of proceeds to repay the outstanding balances on our line of credit. As a result of all this activity, our combined 2009 and 2010 debt maturities totaled only $200 million. Our pro forma debt to total capitalization is excellent at 35%. Our net debt to EBITDA is great at four times and our fixed charge coverage has propped to over three times for the first time in memory. In sum, so far this year we have done what we told you we would do. We sold assets attractively, we successfully capped a highly constrained bank revolver market, we sold unsecured bonds at improbably low rates to extend our average debt maturity schedule and we issued equity into deep and broad demand. We also intend to use our high quality unencumbered pool of senior housing assets to complete a couple of hundred million dollars of attractive long-term Freddie or Fannie debt financings later this year. Access to the very attractive GSE market for low-cost long-term fixed rate financing is a competitive advantage for Ventas as real estate debt markets continue to be challenged and capital remains scarce. Our strong financial position also gives us the luxury of committing capital during this difficult time to support our quality tenant operators when they have proven themselves to be good partners, when we believe the investment is a good deal for Ventas shareholders that should also have a disproportionately positive impact on our operator. These criteria were met in the first quarter when we made a $19 million investment in Brookdale at a blended unlevered yield approximating 10%. That moves up into our portfolio review. I will be quick as I review our diversified pool of triple-net lease assets first then our operating segments. Ventas's triple-net lease assets continue to perform well. We received 77% of our NOI from our strong pool of multi-facility master leases with credit and structural support, downside protection and contractual escalations. Cash flow coverage across the entire portfolio, which includes our independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing and hospital assets through Q4 of 2008, the latest date available, was consistent with the prior quarter at 1.8 times. Our Kindred portfolio, from which we received 41% of our NOI, continues to perform well with cash flow to rent coverages of 2.2 times. Notably, following a strong fourth quarter 2008, Kindred yesterday reported excellent first quarter 2009 results in each of its operating businesses. And finally, our triple-net lease seniors housing assets also showed stable results through Q4 with cash flow to rent coverages remaining at 1.3 times. The takeaway from our triple-net lease portfolio is that in spite of the fourth quarter's economic freefall, our asset and care providers produced stable, solid results and Ventas' rents remain secure. Our operating portfolio consists of 79 communities managed by Sunrise and 21 medical office buildings or MOBs. These operating assets provide us with granular, highly diversified revenue streams and account for 21% of our NOIs. Our results for this portion of our portfolio are consistent with our guidance to you. With the 79 high-end private pay senior housing communities we own in North America that are managed by Sunrise, total community NOI for the first quarter was $30.5 million. As you may recall, our forecast for total 2009 Sunrise NOI was 110 to $125 million. And first quarter results fell comfortably within this range. Our full year NOI projection for the Sunrise communities remains unchanged. Average occupancy in our Sunrise communities for the quarter declined to 89% which was mitigated on the NOI line by strong cost controls and lower management fees at the communities. And while the first quarter NOI annualizes towards the higher end of our NOI guidance range, spot occupancy at the end of March was closer to 87.5% in the stabilized communities. Although high acuity assisted living for seniors is a need-based business and new supply in the sector is very limited, we expect to see continued softness in occupancy and the use of promotional pricing as the recession continues through 2009. This trend may dampness sequential quarterly results, although we did begin to see some signs that occupancy was stabilizing in the 87% neighborhood during the month of April. It is too early to say whether that level will hold, decrease or increase during the balance of the year. We are not counting on a second half economic recovery, although we certainly would welcome one. And the Sunrise results will depend significantly on broader trends in the economy, the housing market, consumers' psychology and unemployment levels. At the Sunrise corporate level, management continues to make progress on multiple fronts, including extension of its credit facilities until December and execution of additional forbearances with its mortgage lender. In our medical office building portfolio, we continue to like the reliable and consistent cash flow and high retention rates these assets provide. NOIs from our MOBs was $5.4 million this quarter, up slightly from the fourth quarter. Moving to everyone's favorite topic, which is Medicare reimbursement. Last Friday, CMS proposed fiscal year 2010 reimbursement rates for the skilled nursing facilities and long-term acute care hospitals. Overall, the proposals would result in stable to positive Medicare reimbursement levels for our Kindred portfolio. With SNF rates down by 1.2% and LTAC rates up by 2.8%, the rule remains subject to comment by the care providers and may improve before it is finalized later this summer. Let me remind you that the ups and downs of SNF and LTAC Medicare reimbursement have acted as a favorable built-in hedge in our Kindred portfolio over the last 10 years, because reimbursement between the two asset types has been countercyclical. Coupled with Kindred credit support and strong property level cash flow, this diversification between SNF and LTAC is an important and I believe undervalued strength of our Kindred portfolio in the master releases. As further evidence of the productivity of our Kindred assets, last week, Kindred renewed the term until 2015 for all 109 healthcare assets since leases were maturing in 2010. These extensions are on existing contractual terms including escalation. Creating certainty around $127 million of annual cash rent for six more years is good for our stakeholders. Kindred also agreed to purchase from Ventas six skilled nursing facilities with negative operating cash flow for a total consideration of $58 million or $75,000 per bed. Kindred has announced that it intends to resell these assets for 10 to $15 million. This sale transaction will provide additional liquidity to Ventas, improve our portfolio quality and provide Kindred with a stronger platform and higher earnings per share. It is notable that Ventas and Kindred management continue to work together to create value for both sets of shareholders. Finally, as most of you know, in March, Ventas was added to the S&P 500 index. Coming on my 10th anniversary at the company, this inclusion was great recognition for our team and all the hard work we have done on behalf of our stakeholders during the last decade. It is wonderful that three healthcare REITs are now in the S&P 500. As a persistent and vocal advocate for healthcare to become the fifth major food group in real estate, I am excited to see our sector continue to gain momentum and recognition. Thank you for staying with me during a long presentation. There was a lot of good news to communicate with you today. I'll now turn the call over to Rich Schweinhart, our CFO for a detailed review of our financial results.
Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Debbie. First, comparing the quarter to the first quarter last year, normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.67, stable with last year. Normalized FFO was $95.7 million, up 5% from $91.5 million last year. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $116 million from $113.5 million, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise NOI was $30.5 million compared to $33.4 million last year. The reduction was principally due to the Canadian exchange rate, one fewer day in the first quarter this year versus last year and lower occupancy. Medical office building NOI grew to $5.4 million from $3.4 million due to acquisitions. Interest income on loans and investments was $3.3 million compared to $0.5 million last year, all due to investments made in the last year. Interest expense decreased to $46.6 million from $52.4 million last year, principally due to debt repayment. G&A increased to $10.6 million in the first quarter of 2009 from $8.3 million. Weighted average shares outstanding increased to 143.1 million from 136.7 million. The share account increased due to our August 2008 equity offering. Now, comparing the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO per diluted share increased a penny to $0.67. Normalized FFO was $95.7 million, up 2% from $94.0 million last year. Triple-net lease revenues, medical office building NOI, interest income and average shares outstanding were all flat with the fourth quarter. Sunrise NOI was 30.5 million compared to 32.2 million in the preceding quarter. The decrease was principally due to too fewer days in the quarter and lower occupancy, offset by an increase in the average daily rate to $170 from $167. Expense control strengthened in the first quarter and we benefited from a reduced management fee of 5% of revenues. Interest expense improved significantly to 46.6 million from 51.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, due primarily to opportunistic debt repayment and purchases made in the fourth quarter. G&A decreased slightly to $10.6 million in the first quarter of 2009 from $11.2 million last year. First quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.64, an increase of 5% sequentially. Per share FAD was flat compared to the first quarter of 2008. On March 31, 2009, the company extended and amended its unsecured revolving credit facility from 2010 to 2012. The facilities contain two portions. $590 million matures in 2012 and is currently priced at LIBOR plus 280 basis points and $277 million matures in 2010 and remains priced at LIBOR plus 75 basis points. The blended rate is currently LIBOR plus 217. The entire facility carries a 20 bp debt facility and we will amortize the financing fees and expenses over the life of the facility. In April 2009, the company issued 13.1 million shares of common stock and received gross proceeds of $312 million. We also issued unsecured senior notes due June 1, 2016, receiving gross proceeds of $169 million. The notes have an effective yield to maturity of 9.6%. Proceeds from the senior notes and common stock offerings were used to purchase $306 million of our outstanding senior notes, which will result in forward interest savings of 7.5%. We expect to report a $7 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in the second quarter. Consistent with our guidance, the loss will be excluded from normalized FFO. The balance of our offering proceeds were used to pay down the revolver. At May 4, 2009, the company had $10 million outstanding under its credit facility, $58 million in cash and $853 million of undrawn availability. The company's debt or total capitalization currently is 35%. Our net debt to pro forma EBITDA is 4.0 times. As of May 4, 2009, the company has $35 million in total debt maturities remaining in 2009 and $171 million in total debt maturities in 2010, excluding normal periodic principal amortization payments. Taking into account our new credit facility, our April reequitization, our May bond repayments and tenders and our first quarter results, we are revising guidance for 2009 to between $2.48 to $2.58 from $2.55 to $2.65 per share. From midpoint to midpoint of the guidance ranges, these factors combine to reduce our guidance less than 3% per share. To recap, we have focused on our balance sheet, which is strong. We have excellent liquidity. Our first quarter normalized FFO per share was excellent and we look forward to continue the positive results for 2009.
Debra A. Cafaro: Operator, we'll be happy to open the floor to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of David Toti from Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Good morning. It's Michael Bilerman here with David. Debbie, I wanted to ask you, you talked a little bit about your balance sheet and how strong and a lot of the moves that you've made. And I think you mentioned the first time fixed charge has been north of three; debt to EBITDA of four times, which is significantly below both your peers and REITs overall. Debt to gross asset value below 40%. All these key ratios highlighting into leverage. As you think forward, because I think you've also talked a little about being optimistic in investing capital, how do you sort of see the balance sheet in terms of where you're willing to take leverage and think about how much capacity that gives you?
Debra Cafaro: Well, good morning Michael and team and thanks for joining. Right now, I think the focus really is on reducing aggregate leverage. And as you point out, that does two important things for us. It will allow us to weather a dislocated credit market that may continue to persist. And it will allow us to be opportunistic when we think we see something that makes sense for our company. It's too I think early to say right now how we're going to use that strength and. It is -- we're not prepared to give the all clear in terms of the credit markets or the economy. So we're taking a wait and see approach. But our overall view is that having this strength is going to benefit our stakeholders well because either way things go, we're going to be in a position to win.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And that's fair. I guess if I am thinking more about long term is at some point, we will get an all clear. And I am just trying to put goal posts around where you would take the balance sheet because unless you are talking that you are going to stay at these sort of levels even if you are going to go in and buy, you will always get the balance sheet at this level? Or is it we're willing to go, we're willing to take leverage to 50%, we are willing to take net debt to EBITDA from four to six times? And obviously, when you do that, there is going to tremendous growth, and a lot of it will be debt fuel. So I'm just trying to figure out where your mindset is in terms of how you are going to manage the company once we do get an all clear.
Debra Cafaro: Well I mean you are right to say that we have a tremendous amount of capacity if we were to use that capacity to even get to meet our higher rated peers leverage levels. And again, that's very positive. I think longer term, we may still want to get a better view where the credit markets are going and really what our stakeholders will be valuing before we put a stake in the ground and say, this where longer term we want our credit stats to be. I think we need to know more about the world around us and the environment before we're ready to say, we can use a billion of capacity, or whatever it may be. So I hope you'll give us time to let the world around us evolve so that we'll be able to answer that question with better specificity as the year progresses.
David Toti – Citigroup: Great. Thanks Debbie. This is David here. Can we go back to the issue of the 2010 reimbursement proposals from CMS and just quantify what your expectations are for the -- with the comment period?
Debra Cafaro: Well, what's going to happen, remember, the LTAC rate went up 2.8%, which is great. The SNF rates are proposed to go down 1.2% through a combination of adjustment. And there is one adjustment that takes the rate up, which is a market basket increase, or inflationary increase, and then an adjustment that takes it down into negative territory. Last year, the care providers successfully persuaded CMS, which proposed the same downward adjustment last year to take it off the table because it isn't necessarily consistent with the idea of pushing patients to the lowest cost, most clinically appropriate setting. So I think the operators will focus their attention again on removing that SNF negative adjustment, which then, if removed, would allow for a positive reimbursement rate for fiscal year 2010 for the SNF.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. And then could you quantify any impact to the hospitals as well?
Debra Cafaro: Well I think net-net, again, our tax flows on the Kindred portfolio are going to be sort of -- the EBITDAR should be the same or up from current levels on a blended basis.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. And then just thinking about some of comments that you made relative to partnering a little further with some of your operating tenants. And you've obviously made some strides with Brookdale. Have you had any discussions with Sunrise in the same regard?
Raymond Lewis: Hi David, this is Ray Lewis. I think that, as Debbie said in her comments, we would consider doing a deal if we can get a good deal for our shareholders, putting out limited quantities of capital that will help and strengthen our partners. And certainly, we have our minority interest with Sunrise and other contractual relationships. And if we can find a way to better ROI (ph) there and help Sunrise, that is something we would certainly consider.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. And then just lastly on the Brookdale line of credit investment, is that -- what was the discussion around? That's a relatively small investment for you. Why not something larger in scale?
Debra Cafaro: Again, I mean we want to really be there with discrete amounts of capital to support our tenants. And to extent there, with the little gaps to fill, we felt very comfortable being supportive at that level for Brookdale.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for all the detail.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc Capital. Please proceed.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Karin.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just wanted to follow up on David's question there with respect to Sunrise. When you guys would thing about potentially working and helping those guys out, would you consider potentially changing the terms on your management contract with them?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as Ray said, Karin, Sunrise has minority interest that we've already said might be an avenue for providing capital to Sunrise on a win-win basis. And we do have contractual arrangements with them. And frankly, our contractual arrangements are fairly positive. We has a flat (ph) management fee that we're getting the benefit of now that allows the management fee to go down to 5% of revenues. We have performance termination rights and cost controls and the management contract. So our contracts are pretty darn good. All that said, those kinds of things could all go in the mix if we were to consider doing a transaction with Sunrise.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: That's helpful, thanks. Second question is just regarding the dismissal of the counterclaim that HCP had filed against you in court that happened back in March. Can you just discuss any changes to any of your accruals or your legal expenses or any change in strategy there after the dismissal?
Debra Cafaro: You broke up a little bit, but what I heard you say was that the HCP counterclaim in our litigation were dismissed in March. And what was the other -- the second part of the question, I'm sorry?
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah, just if that development changed anything with respect to your accruals in the lawsuit, your expected legal expenses or just anything different in your strategy with the trial coming up in August?
Debra Cafaro: Well it's all systems go in terms of really preparing (ph) for the trial, which is in Kentucky in August. And our strategy hasn't changed. The aspect of the dismissal which is positive is that the jury at this point will only hear our case against HCP, and that will be all. So assuming that decision holds, that will all really focus the trial and probably would minimize the trial expenses.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. I just wanted to get a little more color on a couple of items. On Sunrise assets, obviously, there is a lot moving on in terms of Canadian currency adjustments and other sorts of things. Trying to just focus on same-store stabilized, it looks like things were just a little softer on occupancy, a little softer on margin. So I want to just maybe get anymore color and see if that observation is right. And then I was wondering if you could talk about steel specifically since that's the big property left in lease up.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, Jerry.
Raymond Lewis: Sure. So, Jerry, as you look at the same-store stabilized portfolio, you'll see that occupancy was down slightly quarter-over-quarter from 90.7 to 89.1%. I think this is consistent with our guidance and conversations on our last call where we talked about I think some continued softness as the economic recession plays out and bottoms through the rest of the year. I think we're pleased that Sunrise has gained traction in its cost controls and it's been able to mitigate the impact of some of that softness on the bottom line. And we expect that they will continue to focus in that area and hopefully improve on the cost control through the balance of the year. With regard to steel, the lease up continues to go well at the community. Again, I think if you look quarter-over-quarter, we've continued to make progress in that regard. The asset is now about 64% occupied and is generating positive cash flow. And so it's generally moving in line with our expectations.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess the other thing I was just trying to sort of think through, a huge number of moving parts with the equity offerings and those sorts of things. When you think about sort of your current guidance, sort of the $0.10 range, are there any big things, or what are maybe the big things that sort of move you within that? I am assuming -- we're assuming no acquisitions and that sort of stuff. So was it just interest rates or what are the other variables we should be thinking about?
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I mean the two big things, Jerry, really are Sunrise' results, which, if Sunrise trends more softly through the balance of the year, that's a big swing factor. And the other would be when we do the Freddie and Fannie deals, assuming that we do, we'll have to use of proceeds and how long it takes to deploy those proceeds. So those have fairly significant clean items, clean factors within the $0.10 range.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: And just in terms of the redeployment of capital, I guess there is a little bit left on the line. But at this point, it could be new investments or it could just be further debt reductions or just --
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean, we have thought about 200 million of mortgage debt that's due is 2009 and 2010. And obviously, we've tried to be intelligent about our use of proceeds and we'll continue to do so. And if we do find any other attractive opportunities to invest, I mean we certainly would consider that. So just back to your question, that use of proceeds is a big swing factor in the $0.10.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: Timing (ph), yes.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: And what's -- and the yield on the mortgages that are maturing?
Debra Cafaro: I mean to say they are in the sevens and eights.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Sekino from Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions here. Apologize if I missed it, but did you give the components of the new guidance and just wondering if the sale of the facility is part of that.
Debra Cafaro: The sale of the facilities did not have a major impact on the guidance.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. Okay. And then if I could just move over to the Sunrise portfolio real quickly.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, good.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: With regards to you mentioned the stability and occupancy towards the end of the quarter. Just wanted to know what the trend is that's causing that. Is it kind of like an increase in move outs or more move ins? Can you just flesh out a bit?
Raymond Lewis: This is Ray, Bryan. I think it's a little too early to tell what the trends would be. I think when we looked at the numbers in April, we did see a consistent level of move ins, which is good. And the move out trends had abated somewhat. But one month I think is a little difficult to draw any specific conclusions from.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. Okay. And then the cost controls that you are starting to see in the Sunrise portfolio, what areas are you able to make headway there?
Raymond Lewis: So I think Sunrise has done a nice job in working on its variable labor. Earlier this year, they implemented a new variable standard, which was about a 25% decrease from the standard that they had in place last year on variable labor. And they've been driving the communities to compliance with that new standard. I think other areas where we've seen them make some progress are in other controllables such as supplies and those sorts of things. And then also, as Debbie mentioned in her comments, we've seen the benefit of having our management fee flex down.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks. And then just one last question here. In the past, you had talked about the MOBs being a place -- an area where you might look for acquisitions. And we've heard commentary about things getting interesting in the senior living space as maybe some struggling operators look to divest assets. Just wanted to get updated thoughts from you just regarding acquisitions if they are on the table.
Raymond Lewis: Sure. I think just as a general comment, Bryan, that healthcare assets have generally been performing pretty well. And there is also -- because of their relative performance, they've been able to access capital from lenders like Fannie and Freddie, HUD and others. So we haven't seen a lot of these assets coming to market under distressed conditions yet. Certainly, the longer the current conditions persist, the more likely it is we'll see those types of opportunities. That having been said, I think we're seeing a handful of opportunistic situations that may become interesting. Certainly, we're well positioned to capitalize given the balance sheet statistics that Debbie has been talking about. But we're going to be patient I think and disciplined in our approach to these opportunities.
Bryan Sekino - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and good morning everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Rich.
Raymond Lewis: Hi Rich.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Just talk about that hedge for a second as you called it for reimbursement rates between LTACs and SNFs. Make sure I have this right. Your SNF portfolio is about twice the size of the LTACs, at least the Kindred portfolio is twice the size of the LTACs, is that correct? Kindred SNF portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, the rent is about -- it's like 40%, 60%, something like that.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then you have 30 other non-Kindred SNFs, is that about right?
Debra Cafaro: We do.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So I just wanted to, as I go through that math --
Debra Cafaro: What I'm suggesting, there are two things that are important to understand. One is that the LTAC coverages are significantly higher. So they have a different sort of weighting. They also have a much bigger Medicare component than the SNFs do.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Debra Cafaro: And the third thing, again, is that as we've seen over the last 10 years, we've often seen, even though they're both part of the Medicare program, we've seen countercyclical reimbursement trends. And that is continuing. And what happens is that because we have these pooled multi-facility master leases that have both segments within, those have tended to support and balance each other over a very, very long period of time. And that is very, very important and helpful.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Why did the management fee go down in the Sunrise portfolio?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned, we actually have favorable management contracts with Sunrise. And the base management fee is 6%, but it can flex down under certain circumstances based on performance levels that were set at inception and that compound over time. And so essentially, it's an alignment in an ascended structure and we're getting the benefit of a 1% diminution in the management fee at this point in time.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, understood. Thanks. You mentioned the unencumbered pool. How big is it and how much of that can you actually tap and maintain your investment grade ratings?
Debra Cafaro: It's about 1.5 billion of encumbered assets. And we would intend to use it judiciously. And we, obviously, through all of our comments and all of our blood, sweat and tears are committed to maintaining and improving investment grade credit profile. So basically, when we do -- if we do a couple of 100 million of Fannie, Freddie deals this year, we're basically just repaying mortgage debt that's rolling off.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Debra Cafaro: So it's mortgage debt for mortgage debt.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of your unsecured issuance, what was the rationale to do that at that level? Can you sort of walk me through the logic?
Debra Cafaro: The bond deal (ph)
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. So we did seven year bonds at about 9.5%.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I'm saying why -- what was the thought process to tap capital at 9.5% when you have --
Debra Cafaro: Well, basically, we were looking at debt, we were looking at equity. We believe that the debt is modestly a keeper if you will then the equity, which we view, is very precious. So we try to balance those two. And basically, we'll just use the bond deal to stretch out maturities.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: We paid a little bit more per tenor (ph) and used that money to pay off near-term liquidity. So I think it works the way we hope and our equity holders were pretty excited that we could print a deal in the single digits when we did.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I think it was outstanding. Now in terms of equity, you did your deal at 23.90 and you tested the $30 mark again. I mean is equity off the table to revisit or are you sort of good for now?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have a great balance sheet, so we're good for now. But I do want to say, we love making money for our stakeholders. We want our stakeholders to know that when they buy Ventas paper, they are going to make money. So we feel good about that. And I think for the time being, equity is not necessary. We have -- equitizing the company to the point where we have fabulous balance sheet and liquidity.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just one or two more. In terms of the new credit facility, is there an order of priority where you have to use the more expensive portion first or is there no sort of structure like that?
Richard Schweinhart: This is Rick Schweinhart. We in effect have -- do well broken between Canada and the United Sates. But there is basically a kind of a mix in each one. So it's basically right at that 217 bps that I mentioned.
Debra Cafaro: It carries us to pro rate.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Pari passu. Okay, great. And then finally, anymore of these types of sale opportunities. I can recall several years ago when you sold to Kindred as a sixth and they sold and then they -- then they did the same thing at a nine. Now the numbers are a little different I guess, different circumstances, but are there other opportunities within the portfolio that you could see right now or do you think that you've done a pretty good job at getting rid of those sort of win-win situation for the two of you?
Debra Cafaro: Well this is the fourth time I think that we've done this at lease maybe a little bit more and overtime, there will always and develop underperformer and it is great for both companies when Kindred can buy assets for 58 million and then resell them for 10 to 15 and how to be good for both sets of shareholders. So, we are happy to continue improving the portfolio this way and as opportunities present themselves which I assume overtime, they'll continue to do so, we'll hopefully work with Kindred to execute.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So there are a few more weak links in the portfolio that looks --
Debra Cafaro: As my partner, Rich Schweinhart says, there is always a bottom 10%.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya from UBS. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Good morning, Debbie. First of all, congratulations on just building a fortress of a balance sheet and should start (ph) very well in the future.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: A couple of questions. First of all, I know you don't get asked this much, but the loan work, just curious at this point if there is anything in there you're watching closely. I know last quarter, you had the Sunwest write offs, but kind of trends at this point in regards to delinquencies or non-accruals would be helpful.
Debra Cafaro: We have a loan loss reserve that we took a quarter or two ago on Sunwest of $6 million. Everything else in the loan portfolio is completely performing and doing well.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay. That's helpful. And then the second thing, the transaction you just did with Kindred was the sale of the underperforming SNFs. I mean I always understand why these transactions make sense for you, and I do understand it's accretive to Kindred assets. But I always still scratch my head when they buy something at $58 million and sell it between 10 to 15 million, how that's value adding for anybody?
Debra Cafaro: The Kindred (ph) stock goes up 5 to 10%.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Right. I mean, could you just kind of help us understand that a little bit better?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I can help you understand it easily. If Kindred -- assume that Kindred is losing $8 million a year on these assets, which, they lost 2 million in the first quarter, they are negative from an EBITDAR standpoint, even before rent.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Right.
Debra Cafaro: So Kindred is essentially investing the difference, between 58 million and 15 million, which is $43 million, to get a very significant return, which consists of it stopping losing --.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Avoiding the loss.
Debra Cafaro: $8 million a year.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay.
Debra Cafaro: So essentially, it's getting an $8 million return on a $43 million investment.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Got it. Okay.
Debra Cafaro: We all know we've made that investment all day long.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Got it.
Debra Cafaro: But that's why it worked so well for them.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Got it, got it. Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks Deb.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome. Thanks for joining.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David AuBuchon from RW Baird. Please proceed.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thank you. Rick, can you review the specific assumptions relative to the Sunrise portfolio? I believe last quarter, you ranged at 110 million to 125 million. And the low end was based off a 150 basis point decline in occupancy and rents and a 2% increase in expenses. It looks like you're running behind on the occupancy and the rents so far, but ahead on expenses. Any sort of commentary regarding your future expectation there?
Richard Schweinhart: David, I think when we look at the Sunrise portfolio and developing the range, we run multiple sensitivities where we consider occupancy, rate and margin and sort of run different sensitivities around those to try to create a box around the range and the things that might have to happen to get to either end of the range. I think as we mentioned, just generally, we expect to see continued softness throughout the year. I think that the first quarter, on an annualized basis, certainly looks good and gets you toward the upper end of the range. Certainly something we would be happy with. And then we've left ourselves room for continued softness in occupancy rate margin through the balance of the year to get to the lower end of the range.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And where are rates today? You mentioned that the occupancy has stabilized in the 87% range, have rents stabilized mark-to-market and I realize there is just one month?
Richard Schweinhart: Yeah, again, I think the rates are relatively consistent with what we're seeing in the first quarter in that $170 range.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And how quickly -- what your sense on a how quickly that portfolio can turn assuming that bought up here and again understanding your guidance for the year, but how quickly do you think that portfolio can turn assuming that the market stay where they are today, the capital markets and the economy starts to push forward again.
Richard Schweinhart: Well, certainly, there is favorable supply demand demographics in the senior housing market generally. There has been limited new supply coming on line over the last few year. And the demographics are only going to continue to drive additional demand. We're also very happy about the fact that these are very high quality assets and high barrier to entry into wealthy markets in major metropolitan areas. And so our hope is that as and when the economy bottoms and turns around and consumer psychology improves to the point where people are more comfortable making major purchase decision that we could see a very healthy rebalance in this portfolio quickly.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And are your thoughts regarding the senior housing segment really focused on the higher end? Would you -- assuming that we're going to pass the worst point in this cycle, would you look at acquiring assets in the lower end of that segment?
Debra Cafaro: I just want to be careful about saying assuming we have passed the worst of the cycle, I mean we're not that's not really what our assumptions are because there is a lag in our economy experienced major shock in the fourth quarter 6% (ph) TDP contraction in the first quarter, if you are resident the senior housing asset you are not going to by and large move out but as these shock and major contraction have a lagging effect. And so they can continue to just like unemployment they can continue to affect the fundamental economy for many quarters after those shock and after the stock market improves. And so we're assuming that there will sort of continued economic fundamental weakness throughout the balance of the year in our range, which we kept at 1.10 to 1.45. If things get better, we will certainly be happy and, as Ray said, I think the portfolio will be able to turn relatively quickly because of the positive supply demand and the demographic need-based characteristics of the business. But I do want to be careful about suggesting that we are at an inflection point and all of a sudden we are off to the races. So please take that into account in your thinking about the portfolio and about Ventas.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Point taken. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is your interest in this space solely focused on the higher end?
Debra Cafaro: We have assets across the board and we believe that we should play at different price points.
Raymond Lewis: Yeah, David, I think that what we tried do is find assets that are competitive within the markets that they serve. And so finding a good, stable product and a secondary or even tertiary market at appropriate risk adjusted return that has a lower price point to attract residents that are in that marketplace, that's a nice investment for us. Really I think what we're looking for when we look at these deals is, is it the appropriate risk adjusted return for the profile of the asset that we're considering.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then one more question regarding the MOB port folio, can you just give us a sense of what -- has that portfolio met your expectations so far this year and maybe what you're same-store forecast will be for the balance?
Raymond Lewis: The portfolio is performing well, it's generating stable and consistent cash flows. And we are sort of expecting the future to look a lot like today.
David AuBuchon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains from Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Good morning. Just got a couple of numbers questions and the guidance please. One is that CapEx figure for the first quarter, should we assume kind of like last year where it ramped up or is that a good run rate?
Debra Cafaro: You should assume a ramp up.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. And then the line where you've got the adjustments to get from FFO to normalized FFO, Rick said there is 7 million of debt extinguishment its coming. Is there anything else that's going to be larger in that market there because you only had a penny of that in the first quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Right. The categories of things that go in there are tax benefits, merger related costs and expenses which includes the litigation costs and loss on extinguishment of debt. Those are the major items.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. I can guess which one of those might be going up a year ago (ph). Okay, that's all I have. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Rob.
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan from Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Can you be more specific about the performance triggers like the Sunrise management contracts, you go 6% to 5%?
Debra Cafaro: We can be more specific, Jim, in conceptual terms, and that is when the assets were first put under management contracts, there was NOI projections that would compound in relation to CPI. And over time, NOI has to meet those levels, or if not, there is a rationing down of the fee in quarter basis point increments to a floor of 5%. And that's how it works and that's why we're getting the benefit of the flex down.
Richard Schweinhart: It's primarily tied to NOI.
Richard Schweinhart: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it's tied to NOI and then the percentage change is off revenue because obviously it's a revenue-based fee, but the performance targets are NOI based.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Sounds like it was a couple of --
Debra Cafaro: Is that clear or did I confuse the issue?
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Helpful, but it leads to some follow ups in terms of how they rectify that, i.e. kind of get from 5% back to 6. One would be --
Debra Cafaro: If they perform better.
Richard Schweinhart: It generates more NOI, yeah.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Yeah, I understand that. So specifically interested in what they are doing as far as revenue and what they are doing on the expense side. On the revenue side, what are they doing specifically to stem the occupancy erosion? And I'm interested specifically if they resorted to discounting and perhaps discounting heavily in order to stem the flow of tenants out of the property and get some new tenants in.
Raymond Lewis: Yeah, so Jim, we've spent a lot of time with Sunrise at the beginning of this year to go through a promotional pricing strategy in our assets to make sure that we were discounting the units where it was appropriate to do so. So for instance, a less desirable unit that has been backend for a longer time in a community, might get a discount where a unit that recently emptied, but was an attractive unit, would not. And so what we've tried to do is be thoughtful about discounting, take a disciplined approach and apply consistently across the portfolio and I think it's translating into a pretty good rate and occupancy balance in our portfolio.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: When you quote ADR, are you including the discounts?
Raymond Lewis: Yes.
Debra Cafaro: Yes.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then another way for them to get from five back to six is on the expense side. What are they cutting specifically in terms of expenses and are those expense savings sustainable or are they expenses that you can achieve when you're running at 87% occupancy, but won't be able to maintain if you get back to 90, 92?
Raymond Lewis: I think as I said, the variable labor controls have been much better in two regards this year. One is a resetting of the standard. And that is the variable labor standard that's applied across all of the communities and what each of the community managers is expected to achieve based on certain occupancies. So they've ratcheted down the standard. And then they've also improved their compliance management with that. So they are measuring it on a daily basis to really get tight on the variable labor expenses, which are one of the largest single expense drivers within a community.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then with respect to geographic performance of the Sunrise portfolio. Is there any correlation between the performance of your portfolio and the housing markets that have experienced the most distress?
Raymond Lewis: It's interesting Jim. We actually did some work on that before our call to see if we could draw some conclusion and really in our portfolio we're not seeing any particular correlation between the performance, the occupancy of our asset and the strength of a particular housing market. And I struggle a little bit for a reason for that other than perhaps our properties are generally the best in their market, generally very well located and therefore any impact of a housing is some what muted given the asset quality although that's the only conclusion I could really come up with.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: And with respect to CapEx can you remind me what your budgeting CapEx for units in the Sunrise portfolio and if you are rethinking the level of CapEx for '09 in the face of diminished NOI?
Raymond Lewis: I think we have said its going to between 1000 to $1200 per unit some where in the neighborhood $7.5 million a year and we're going to continue to move forward with that. We want to make sure that we're investing in our community to keep them competitive, to keep them fresh and make sure that we're well positioned to take advantage of the market rebound that we talked about earlier.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then finally you're still showing 2 million in the quarter I think for merger-related costs is that all related to the litigation?
Debra Cafaro: Substantially.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jacob Strauss Water from Broadlink Capital. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Jacob.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you help me by repeating the debt that you brought back over the quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And we have released out a tender release, but we've brought back 306 million in principal amount, about 100 million -- I am rounding -- about 100 million of 10, about 104 million of the 12 and about 98 million of the 14 and we also paid off all of the nine.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: You're welcome.
Unidentified Analyst: One other quick question. Are you seeing buildings trade, if you are, is there a cap rate in the industry right now that you're seeing?
Debra Cafaro: Well there is a limited amount of data on transactions.
Unidentified Analyst: So does that give you an ability to guide to me to a range --
Debra Cafaro: I will hereby create a market. So it's hard to provide cap rate guidance to you in the absence of transactions. Most people are trying to triangulate with historical cap rates and debt rates that cause right now. But hopefully at some point, things will start to try loose and we'll be able to give you a better insurance more specificity.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. So Kameesha, do we have any further questions?
Operator: At this time, there are no questions in queue.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and I want to leave you where we started, which is that things are good at Ventas and we very much appreciate your participation and we look forward to seeing everyone at NAREIT in June. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Debra Cafaro - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Richard Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Raymond Lewis - Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President David Smith - Investor Relations
Analysts: David Toti - Citigroup Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & company, Inc. Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities Omotayo Okusanya - UBS Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tanya and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call Mr. David Smith. Mr. Smith please proceed.
David Smith: Good morning and welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company’s announcement this morning regarding its results for the year in quarter ended December 31, 2008. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions and certain other statements to be made during this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management’s current beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from to the company’s expectations whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007 and the company’s other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of the forward-looking statements and other factors that could effect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only as Ventas expressively disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in the [audio dip] and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company’s supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the investor relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro : Thanks, David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and our other participants and welcome to our 2008 year-end earnings call. 2008 was a positive year for Ventas, despite terrible market and economic conditions. During the year, we remained highly profitable and intently focused on liquidity, safety and balance sheet strength. To stay financially strong, in 2008 we sold assets, expanded and extended our [audio dip], raised fixed rate mortgage debt, increased our equity base and limited our acquisition activity and forward commitments. We also delivered positive earnings growth in 2008 in spite of these defensive steps designed to protect and preserve shareholder value. First, I want to recap some of the highlights of the year. Normalized FFO per share increased 2% in 2008 to $2.74. Our cash flow from operations was strong exceeding $364 million. We raised over $400 million in equity. We sold assets for $432 million and realized a gain of $47 million. We raised $126 million in long-term secured debt at 6.5 %.on nine private pay senior housing communities. We opportunistically purchased $176 million of our bond due 2009 and 2010 at a net discount. We made about $300 million of accretive investments and commitments. Total portfolio NOI on our 79 private K assets managed by sunrise senior living was $138.8 million, a 5 % increase over 2007 levels. And Ventas ended the year as one of the largest ten REIT’s. As a result of our efforts, which began in mid 2007 and accelerated in 2008, Ventas remains in an enviable position of safety with very attractive leverage of 40 % debt to enterprise value, net debt to EBITDA of 4.7 times and fixed charge coverage approaching three times. Even more importantly, our total debt maturities through the end of 2009 now are only $118 million compared to net un-drawn capacity on our line of credit of $774 million. During 2008, we were proud to receive two positive rating actions. An upgrade to investment grade by Standard & Poor’s and a positive outlook on our investment grade rating by pitch. Notably, Ventas received two of the only 12 total positive rating actions for [retail] by all three agencies during 2008. These positive rating actions reward our unwavering commitment to an investment grade balance sheet and our focus on increasing the safety of our enterprise. In addition to our excellent balance sheet and liquidity position, we have a high quality portfolio of diversified healthcare and senior housing assets operated by superior care providers. Our tenants, such as Kindred, Brookdale and privately held senior care performed well during the challenging year. Our property manager, Sunrise Senior Living has maintained average occupancy during the fourth quarter of 91 % in the 72 same-store stable community it manages on our behalf. During the balance of today’s call, I want to discuss our first quarter 2009 dividends, our portfolio performance and our outlook and guidance for 2009 then Rick Schweinhart will report in detail on our financial results, after which we’ll be delighted to take your questions. Our Board of Directors has declared an all cash first quarter 2009 dividend of $0.51.25 per share. We believe our cash flows and balance sheet and our conservative dividend payout ratio support an all cash dividend. Ventas generates excellent cash flow, which we expect to continue in 2009 and we are pleased to share that cash flow with our shareholders. Turning to a portfolio review, first I want to discuss our triple net lease assets and then turn to our operating segment. Ventas’s triple net lease assets continue to perform well, with good coverages and occupancies across the spectrum of independent living, assisted living skilled nursing facilities and hospitals. We received 78% of our NOI from our strong pool multi-facility master leases and have credit and structural support and down size protection. The key take away here is that operating results in our triple net portfolio were stable through Q3 of 2008. With strong EBITDARM to rent coverage of 1.8 times. Specifically, reporting on our 203 Kindred healthcare assets, from which we received 40% of our NOI. The cash flow coverages at our four Kindred master leases are excellent at 2.2 times. Kindred’s full balance sheet stands behind its rent obligations to us and the combination of long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing assets in the master leases provides additional reliability to our cash flows. Medicare rates for sniff and LTACH increased meaningfully in the fourth quarter of 2008. We will see the impact of these increases in our fourth quarter property level results. In our senior housing triple net leases from which we derived 33 % of our NOI, cash flow coverage remains very good at 1.3 times, stable with prior periods. Occupancies in this portfolio rose over 100 basis points in the third quarter of 2008 sequentially to 88.2 %. And many senior housing operators have already announced that fourth quarter 2008 occupancies were flat with the third. So, we feel good about where our triple net senior housing portfolio stands. Remember that our pool multi-facility master leases represent the senior-most claim on a tenant’s cash flow. These leases are designed to provide Ventas with good, steady contractual cash flow, evens as occupancies and EBITDARM add inflow overtime due to the economy, reimbursement cycles or other changes. Turning to our operating assets, the Senior Living and medical office building assets we own that are managed by others provide the granular highly diversified revenue streams in our portfolio. Together, they account for between 21% and 22 % of our NOI. Here to 2008 results met our expectations. First, we own 79 high-quality private pay senior housing communities in North America that are managed by Sunrise. These assets contribute 18% to our company’s NOI. In this portfolio, total community NOI for 2008 was over $138 million within our anticipated range of results and 5% higher than 2007 NOI computed on a full year basis. Total community NOI for these assets was $32 million in the fourth quarter. For an NOI run rate of $128 million. In the 72 same-store stabilized Sunrise communities, fourth quarter total community NOI was $29.4 million. Although occupancy remains strong at 91% in the fourth quarter, it is down 70 basis points from the third quarter 2008. As we indicated earlier this year, we are seeing declining NOI and occupancy trends in the same-store stabilized communities that accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2008 as the result of extreme economic conditions. Bucking those pressures somewhat, our two Sunrise communities in lease-up showed 550 basis points of sequential increase in occupancy in the fourth quarter, improving to 63.7% from 58.2% in the third quarter of 2008. Overall, the Sunrise portfolio held its own in a challenging market during 2008. Even increasing NOI by 5% versus 2007 levels, but the fourth quarter evidence as expected, a decline in NOI in occupancy. Finally, our MOB portfolio is a stable, growing segment of our business and now accounts for 3% of our NOI. Our portfolio consists of nearly 1.5 million square feet of mostly on-campus product. Our medical office buildings contributed $5.3 million in NOI during the quarter. Looking at our 15 same-store stabilized assets, NOI increased 7% to $3.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 versus a year-ago period. One of the benefits of MOBs is that the cash flows should be relatively stable due to higher renewal rates. During 2008, renewals of expiring leases in this portfolio exceeded 80%. Construction on our three medical office buildings under development remains on schedule with strong pre-leasing in place currently between 65% and 88 %. Activity to lease the remaining space has been positive, so we do expect these to be successful projects. We remain committed to being a leader in the MOB space. At the end of 2008, we were doing business with six quality national and regional MOB developers, including five of the top 20 firms in the nation. We believe these MOB investments and relationships will create value for our shareholder. They advanced our strategic plan in a disciplined way and position us to expand this segment of our business rapidly when conditions are right. On the disposition front, we sold 12 healthcare and senior housing assets in 2008 for $132 million an achieved a gain of $47 million. We continued this effort in 2009 by selling four private pay senior housing assets for $59 million and we expect to sell a hospital this quarter for $35 million, again all for a gain on sale. Kudos to our asset management team for being a profit center and managing these sales to successful completion in a difficult market. Proceeds from our asset disposition were used to pay down our debt and further strengthen our balance sheet. We are not expecting any additional material dispositions in 2009. Here is how, we are thinking about the full-year of 2009. Ventas has a great balance sheet, excellent liquidity, highly productive, high-quality diversified assets with strong demand drivers and constrained new supply. Access to multiple debt markets, a quality pool of tenant managers with scale and a management team that is stress tested. As such, we expect to manage through the current environment in excellent happy and to remain a profitable, cash flowing firm. Our 2009 guidance is $2.55 to $2.65 per diluted share. At midpoint of this guidance range, represents our pro forma fourth quarter 2008 annualized FFO of $2.60 per share and assumes that Sunrise NOI is between $110 million and $125 million in 2009. We also assume that we will complete $200 million of fixed rate financing during the year to pre-fund 2010 debt maturity. Our balance sheet strength and liquidity should enable to us to make opportunistic acquisitions when conditions are right. However, we have not included any acquisition accretion in our guidance, consistent with our past practice and due to the uncertainty about timing and size of any investment opportunity. In any event, our first priority during 2009 will be to remain respectful of the severe conditions in the debt market and not reach for earnings at the risk of our balance sheet. We intend to take a very conservative approach to maintaining financial strength and flexibility during the year. We understood the credit crisis early in mid-2007 and managed our firm aggressively to stay strong for the benefit of our shareholders. We will continue that approach in 2009. The good news is that so far this year, the unsecured bond market has improved significantly, although it is still light years away from the favorable conditions for issuers that existed in 2007. Still, after the carnage we experienced in the fourth quarter, I would say that a functioning bond market is a good bond market, as far as REITs are concerned. Fannie and Freddie provide an additional important source of capital for Ventas and the GSEs continue to lend to the senior housing industry. We intend to use our large, high-quality portfolio of stable performing senior housing assets to obtain attractively priced long-term debt capital to meet our 2009 and pre-fund our 2010 debt maturity. The bank market is the most constrained at the moment. Although we expect continued efforts by policy makers, we will improve lending conditions. We believe we will enjoy success in extending our line of credit beyond its current mid-2010 maturity. On the asset side, we remain enthusiastic about the benefits and strengths of healthcare and senior housing real estate. We believe in the fundamentals of our business, which demonstrates excellent supply, demand characteristics; and there is no other segment of real estate that offers the long-term investment opportunities available in healthcare real estate due to the existing size of the market at about $700 billion and its projected growth to 20% of GDP. For the nursing home and hospital assets we own, which generate 50 % on our EBITDA, our tenants and borrowers should enjoy stable to positive Medicare reimbursement through 2010. Medicare rates for sniffs increased in the fourth quarter 2008 by 3.4 %; and they increased about 2.5 % for our LTACH as well. Med Tech has proposed flat to increased Medicare rates for fiscal year 2010. Additionally, state Medicaid programs should benefit from funding contained in the Stimulus Plan, which will in turn support hospitals and nursing home care providers. So, we have good visibility on stable to increased Medicare and Medicaid rates for our nursing home and long-term acute care hospital assets through the end of 2010. Our Sunrise communities are excellent real estate assets in prime locations. While severe economic circumstances are challenging near-term performance, we believe that when the economy strengthens these Class A buildings should be a growth engine for Ventas. In, sum as a company, we are in a great position, we remain quite profitable, we intend to stay strong and we are ready to drive growth when the time is right. In the meantime, we are happy to reward our shareholders with an all cash dividend. After Rick reports on the details of our year and quarter-end, we will be happy to answer your questions.
Richard Schweinhart: Thank you, Debbie. Normalized FFO per diluted for 2008 was $2.74 up 2% from 2007 $2.69. Normalized FFO for 2008 increased 16 % or $383 million from $331 million. Triple-net lease revenues grew to $460 million from $451 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise NOI was $138.8 million in 2008, compared to a partial year in 2007 of $90.1 million. Medical office building NOI grew due to acquisitions and was $17.3 million in 2008, compared to $7 million in 2007. Interest expense increased to $203 million from $193 million in 2007, due to 2007 only containing a partial year of the Sunrise REIT acquisition offset by $400 million of debt repayments in 2008. G&A increased to $40.7 million in 2008 or approximately 4.4 % of revenue down from 4.8 % of revenue in 2007. Weighted-average shares outstanding increased to $140 million from $123 million in 2007, due to our 2007 and 2008 equity offerings. Fourth quarter 2008 normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.66 stable with $0.66 in last year’s fourth quarter and down from $0.69 in the third quarter of 2008. Triple-net lease revenues grew sequentially due to contractual escalations. Sunrise NOI was $32.2 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $33.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and $35.2 million in the third quarter of 2008. Medical office building NOI grew steadily from acquisitions and was $5.3 million in fourth quarter, compared to $3.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and $4.8 million in the third quarter of 2008. Interest expense decreased from both the fourth quarter of last year and the third quarter this year due to debt repayments. G&A was pretty much flat in the fourth quarter of 2008, compared to the fourth quarter of 2007 and the third quarter of 2008. The share account increased due to our August equity offering. Fourth quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.61 compared to $0.60 in last year’s fourth quarter and $0.64 in the third quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO this quarter totaled $95 million, compared to $87.7 million in the fourth quarter of last year and $97.2 million in the third quarter of this year. Normalized FFO and earnings are reported after deducting minority interest. Normalized FFO decreased $2 million from the third quarter principally due to the NOI decrease in the Sunrise managed portfolio. Our fourth quarter effective interest rate of 6.2 % improved from 6.7 % in the fourth quarter of 2007 and 6.5% in the third quarter of 2008, due to debt repayments and greater use of our LIBOR plus 75 debt revolver. At December 31, 2008, we had $177 million of cash and $300 million outstanding on our 850 revolving credit agreement with unused capacity of $546 million. We currently have net liquidity under the revolver of $774 million. Our debt-to-total capitalization is excellent at 40 % at year-end and our net debt to pro forma EBITDA is 4.7 times. Beginning in 2009, as required by U.S. GAAP under APB 14-1, the company will recognize additional interest expense based on the company’s non-convertible debt borrowing rate on its $230 million, 3 7/8 convertible debt bond issuance. The non-cash interest expense will decrease 2009 FFO by approximately $4 million or $0.03 per share. We are initiating guidance for 2009 to between $2.55 and $2.65. The midpoint of this guidance range is $2.60 per share, which is derived by taking our $0.66 reported in the fourth quarter FFO and proforming $0.01 quarterly dilution for the impact of the new convertible securities accounting rules that take effect in 2009. This makes a $0.65 run rate fourth quarter times four for $2.66 annualized. Our key assumptions are; the total Sunrise NOI from our 79 assets ranges from a $110 to $125 million constant foreign exchange rates, all of our tenants continued to pay rent, we borrow a couple $100 million of fixed rate financing and G&A will be flat with the fourth quarter annualized. Our guidance does not include material unannounced acquisition or divestiture activity or to about liquidity. We have included additional debt maturity tables and debt covenant reporting and both our supplemental data and our website. Excluding normal amortization payments, 2009 maturities are at $118 million and 2010 maturities excluding the revolver total of $289 million. To recap, we have focused on our balance sheet, which is strong. We have excellent liquidity, our fourth quarter normalized FFO per share was stable and we look forward to continued stability in the results for 2009. Operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman - Citigroup.
David Toti - Citigroup: First question relative to some of recent dispositions that was pretty widespread in implied cap rates. Can you provide some color as to that range?
Debra Cafaro: Which dispositions are you referring to so I can be specific?
David Toti - Citigroup: The December dispositions and the January dispositions.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can definitely do that. The December dispositions were at about a 6.7 cap on rent and those were a negotiated transaction and I think very favorable pricing. On the January transaction and sale that was about 8.5 % cap. That was pursuant to a preexisting tenant purchase option that within a portfolio we acquired from elder trust back in ‘03-’04.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks and then just moving over to the MOB space. It is still a pretty small percentage of NOI, but you seem to have fairly aggressive longer-term strategy. Can you frame out some of your objectives for that platform relative to size and whether or not you have preference for acquisition versus development growth?
Raymond Lewis: David. This is Ray Lewis. I think we have said overtime that we think our exposure to medical office space is underrepresented in our portfolio and I think overtime we’d like to see that become more like 10% of our run rate revenues. We’ll probably focus more on acquisitions versus development. We’ll probably use development as a way to enhance our yields. But our primary focus will be on acquisitions as and when the market conditions are right from a capital raising and yield perspective, we’ll continue to grow that space.
David Toti - Citigroup: Thank you and just one last question. Is there any update on the lawsuit against HCP?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That lawsuit is scheduled currently for a jury trial in the western district of Kentucky in August of this year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets : Can you talk about just from what your underlying assumptions are in the $110 million to $125 million expectation for Sunrise NOI in ‘09? Just talk about occupancy, margins underlying it.
Debra Cafaro : Yes, great I’ll turn that over to my partner, Ray.
Raymond Lewis: Yes, so I think if you look at the fourth quarter run rate $32 million times 4 year at about $128 million. If you assume sort of flat revenues and then maybe 2% or so expense growth that will get you sort of to the upper end of the range. I think, as we look out next year visibility in the general economy, I think is pretty difficult to garner. So, we think NOI will likely run a little lower in the first half of the year due to normal seasonal softness and the continued economic challenges. We are hoping that it will recover in the second half and improve, but it may not. So, on the downside, we are assuming that occupancies average about a 150 basis points lower throughout the year and rates drop by about 150 basis points on average during the year and if you couple that with the 2 % expense increase that would get you to the bottom end of the range, which we believe is conservative, but is something that the bottom end of what we would expect.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Next question is just on the balance sheet. You mentioned you don’t plan any additional asset sales for the rest of the year. Should we take that to mean that you guys are comfortable with the sort of overall leverage position where you are today? And that we shouldn’t see expect to see any additional de-levering from here?
Debra Cafaro : Well, we are very comfortable with our leverage position. We’ll continue to look at the portfolio for opportunistic dispositions, but we are not penciling any end beyond the announcement that we have. We have tremendous cash flow that we can use even after payment of the cash dividend to continue reducing our debt balances.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Do you have an estimate as to how much the de-levering activities of 2008 and then sort of the negative spread and the cost to carry on the cash that you are holding on your balance sheet has on your ‘09 guidance? Do you know how much that affected the numbers?
Debra Cafaro : Not really, because we just started with the world as it is, but clearly the defensive step that you take to hold cash to make sure that you are reducing leverage and to potentially term out debt and push out maturities by taking on new fixed rate debt does have a diminishing impact, obviously on earnings growth and that’s based into our new guidance range for 2009.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a final question, looks like you guys have some substantial rollovers coming in 2010. Just was wondering if you guys are starting to work on those rollovers already this year and if so, what your expectations are for rent?
Debra Cafaro : Most of our rollovers are really Kindred 2010 renewal and it’s about 100 and a handful of assets and when this occurred in 2008, Kindred renewed all of the assets and like the 2008 renewals, the 2010 renewals have really excellent cash flow growth. So, I mean they are very important to Kindred’s business. So, we are looking forward to renewals on those.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets : Maybe just to dissect a little bit the ‘09 guidance if I could, the $0.04 I guess there is $0.03 or $0.04 convertible notes charge may not have been in the consensus number of 282, but the other factor that may be beyond the Sunrise occupancy declines and all that sort of stuff is foreign exchange. You mentioned that you expect it to be sort of stable over the course of the year, but on a year-over-year basis, do you have an estimate of how much foreign exchange might have impacted your guidance relative to 2008?
Debra Cafaro : Well, where we are starting is really the run rate for the fourth quarter adjusted for a penny a quarter in the convert accounting, which takes effect in 2009. So, that’s the 260.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Does the fourth quarter run rate compare to the previous quarters of 2008, I guess is the question?
Debra Cafaro: Well, I can tell you that the Canadian dollar weakened considerably in the fourth quarter versus the third, as you know you’re with a Canadian firm; and the impact was over $1 million in the quarter on NOI relative to the Sunrise portfolio. So, it was significant. Now, we’re assuming that fourth quarter 120, let’s call it exchange rate persists in 2009, so changes will be embedded. Any changes up or down, are embedded essentially in the Sunrise range of NOI that we have provided, but, if it changes wildly from the 120, it obviously would have a bigger impact, but we’re just assuming 120 throughout 2009.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So there is a meaningful impact year-over-year on your guidance relative to 2008.
Debra Cafaro: Curios on the NOI, there is less impact on FFO because we borrow in Canadian dollars, maybe half of that.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: So, I think that had offset hedges it?
Debra Cafaro: No, it is hedged on the FFO side, but it is significant when you look at Sunrise NOI and things like ADR, because the Canadian portfolio is 15% to 20% of our total Sunrise portfolio, so it is significant.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Any update on Sunwest?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, that’s going well. We had receivers appointed for the four assets and the assets are sort of break-even cash flow NOI. We expect the foreclosures to be completed in due course and our asset management team is working to maximize value on those.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: All right, so then you have a new management team in place? Or considered to take over the operation of the assets?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, we are ready to go.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: But you haven’t disclosed who that is yet?
Debra Cafaro: No.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Do you have any, although I know it’s not in your guidance, do you have any designs on doing more debt pre-purchases for a gain in 2009?
Debra Cafaro: Well, as you know, we exclude those gains from FFO and if I told you, I’d have to kill you. So, right now we’re assuming that those stay outstanding.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: I may not mind.
Debra Cafaro: It is not so bad.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Ray, for you, the 6.7, or 8.5 was a pre-purchase. So when we look at the 6.7% Cap rate on the asset sales in December, how would you say that compares to maybe a year-ago where those assets could have been sold at?
Raymond Lewis: Rich, I think looking at the market right now, it’s pretty difficult to gauge what Cap rates ought to be. I think there is just not a lot of data and whatever data there is, is kind of noisy because they are either not ARMs length transactions or they are sort of distressed situations. So, I have a lot of hesitancy about taking a Data Point in this market and putting too much weight in it and saying that’s what the market is. I think it’s safe to say that Cap rates have increased over what they were a year-ago and they’ve increased in an order of magnitude of 100 to 200 basis points. I would say at a minimum.
Debra Cafaro: I would say, Rich that in an ARMs length, transaction in this market, what you would see in senior housing is a little bit what you see in multi, which is that the existence of agency financing for the buyers is keeping cap rates in our sector in a much closer range to where they were a year or two ago than you are seeing in other real estate asset type because debt drives value in real estate and so to the extent that the agencies were able to provide Meredith, which bought the December assets with attractive financing at 6 % or lower, that 6.7 cap rate worked for both sides. So, it’s a real advantage in term of doing net asset values for our sector. It’s an advantage in term of owning a good, large senior housing portfolio.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: When did you start working on that portfolio sale?
Debra Cafaro: It was pretty recent. I mean it was in the late third and fourth quarter. It was not one of the ones that lingered for 12 months or something.
Rich Anderson, BMO Capital Markets: Okay, last question. Your counterpart HCN got added to the S&P 500 recently and you guys are neck-and-neck in terms of the size of the organization. With that in mind, do you have any sort of designs on the company being added to the S&P 500? Or is it sort of you just wait for the phone call?
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we have designs on being an excellent company that rewards our shareholders and that’s our obsessive focus that has been true for the last ten years and will be true for the next decade. That said, I think it’s great for our industry when the healthcare REIT’s are recognized by the major indexes and included in the indexes and I would hope that we have the characteristics going forward that will allow the index committee to include Ventas as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: A couple things, in the quarter the G&A was bit higher than, I think we had been running and again, since it is built into your guidance. I was wondering, if I could get a little bit more color as to why it’s kind of popped. I think on a percentage revenue basis it’s closer to 3.8. I think we had it maybe a three earlier in the year. Are the litigation costs or cost of their transactions, or other things and it’s all of that stuff really we should be assuming continues?
Debra Cafaro: I think you said, you should assume that it’s a run rate of about 44 and it is a combination of factors; professional fees, stock-based comps, etc. and we do expect that to continue. I will tell everyone listening also, this hasn’t seemed to have been coming up in other calls, but the accounting rules are changing in ‘09 also to acquire the expensing of yield cost that would have typically been capitalized. I think most people like us will exclude those from normalized FFO, but that is an accounting change that you should be aware of.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, but you’re comfortable with that as a run rate?
Debra Cafaro: Yes we are.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Back to Sunrise, maybe it has been discussed already. There were a couple of things. One is in some of the NOI numbers you were sort of backing out the impact of currency exchange. On the average daily rate drop, thinking particularly the quarter-to-quarter change? Is that adjusted for currency or that just there is a little bit of currency baked in there and again, I was also wondering we have had a number of people now pre-announced where they are talking about flat occupancy and rate increases. What color you can give us and why Sunrise rates are declining while others may not be, even your own triple-net?
Debra Cafaro: Jerry, one point of clarification is, in giving the range, we’re assuming the same exchange rate of 120, but we’re not really excluding changes. That’s sort of baked into the numbers, if there is variation, but our assumption, you have to make some assumptions and so the assumption is it is 120 and on the ADR that you’re talking about in Sunrise, virtually all of the decline in the fourth quarter versus the third was because of foreign currency changes. That went from basically one-to-one to weakening Canadian dollar at 1.2. So, it’s almost all should be diverse to that.
Raymond Lewis: In U.S. just a little more color on a U.S. was basically flat on ADR.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, I thing I had changes somewhat the picture, for the deterioration you get on the particular so metrics. So, even so though, you saw other companies talking about, I guess you probably year-over-year rate increases. Say, at best, your numbers maybe before flat. Any just more color? I mean the Sunrise reputation impacting it, do you think? Or is there anything else you can give us as to what the dynamics maybe are in that portfolio?
Raymond Lewis: No. I think there are a couple of things that are going on. I mean there’s been some promotional pricing at the assets in order to move vacant units. I think that has sort of flattened out the rate. But I don’t think that’s any different than other operators. I mean, I think as we look at what we have been doing in January, we have seen, on the turnover, they been able to push through 3% to 5% increases without a lot of resistance but, on the move ins, if you assume that they are going to be giving away a month free or whatever as a promotion, that’s going to offset that annual increase on your existing residents and could in fact, decrease ADR slightly throughout the year.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: Just shifting gears, the drip numbers, in term of numbers of shares and stuff were down in the quarter, I think compared to what you had before, again you are projecting that out. So is there anything else going on with the drip and does that assumption seem reasonable to go forward with?
Richard Schweinhart: This is Rick Schweinhart. Nothing is really going on with it. It is running pretty flat.
Debra Cafaro: Jerry? We gave you your decimal, come on.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus: The only other detail is, can you tell us what’s through finally outstanding on the 8 and three quarters. You bought back some and you back bought of the other one.
Debra Cafaro: There is less than $50 million outstanding May 1, of ‘09 8 and three quarters.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Debbie, in your opening comments you were talking about the unsecured market, I mean you said that it is improved, but it is obviously still broken in a big way. Have you tried to gauge at all where your costs would be if you were to go in and raise unsecured today?
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I would, I think take exception with the idea that it is terribly broken. I think it is expensive compared to where it was in 2007. But, compared for example, to the CMBS market, which is closed, I think having access to debt capital for real estate companies is a really good thing. We are very close to the debt guys. I would say that if we went to market on a five-year, we’d probably be in the low 9s. And then a 10-year, we’d be higher than that. Of course, it changes everyday. But, there has been $80 billion or so of investment grade issuance this year, which is a staggeringly good number. The fourth quarter, I mean it was just the fourth quarter it was horrible, it was carnage. I do think and I know that certainly investment grade REIT’s and particularly those at the high BBB and A ratings, I do believe they could access the bond market. Yes, it would be expensive. But, you know what? Access to capital is a really good thing.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: I know you guys are being cautious, but obviously you are probably looking at some opportunities out there. I mean, have the yield and return hurdles that you are working through moved at all? I guess, either way, are you in the mid teens today? Are you in the 20s on things that you are looking at from an IRR perspective?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I would say we are being very judicious with capital. We have used our capital principally to improve our balance sheet and buyback bonds at a discount, our near-term maturities. And we also would use very selectively discreet amounts of capital to do good deals for Ventas that also improved the profile of important relationships. So, we think that would be kind of a win-win situation. On new investments, I would say, we are going to have a high bar and I’ll let Ray address whether you’d be looking at mid teens or what have you, but we are going to be very judicious.
Raymond Lewis: I really think it is a function of your cost-to-capital at the time that you are considering making the investment. I think as Debbie said, up until this point I think in the near-term, we are focused on continuing to maintain a strong balance sheet and have liquidity and as the market continues to improve its functioning on the debt side, which will lead to hopefully more stability on the equity side we’ll get a better deed on what the cost of capital is and be able to price an accretive spread over it, so it’s a moving target, unfortunately. I think it’s right now, if we were to put capital out it would be opportunistic and by definition those would be higher returns.
Debra Cafaro: Yes and we are definitely positioning the company to be able to take advantage of those opportunities when they arrive.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: The interest in other income lines this quarter; was the fall there primarily just due to the decline in rates in market or was there anything one-time in there last quarter?
Debra Cafaro: We had a non-recurring pickup of $1 million or something last quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya - UBS.
Omotayo Okusanya – UBS: Just a couple quick questions. Given the overall cautious view of the credit market and the economic backdrop going into 2009, how do you think about renewing the line of credit come mid ‘10, what rates could potentially go to? And is there any risk in regards to what the size of the line could look like going forward? And then again, just according to pre-fund or your plan of pre-funding some of the 2010 debt maturities, what do you kind of think your funding cost look like when you pre-fund versus what they look like currently?
Debra Cafaro: Those are important questions. We have enjoyed really good support from our lenders for the last ten years and we feel confident that we will be able to extend our line of credit before it matures in mid 2010. That said, we recognized that the banks are under pressure and maybe we’ll loose a little capacity and certainly we’ll have to increase pricing, but the revolver is really a short-term use of capital for working capital and acquisitions until we do long-term funding and so, we are happy to renew it and to pay market the rate in order to do so. If we pre-fund 2010 debt maturities, I would say that our cost of funding on a long-term, ten-year basis, is going to be higher than 7. If you look at the, if you are doing secured sort of Freddie and Fannie and if we, for whatever reason decided to tap the bond market, it would be at rates then obtaining in that market.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: Then with the ‘09 guidance, Sunrise NOI of 110 to 115, is that for the, just for your portion of the NOI? Or is that the entire thing?
Debra Cafaro: The range of 110 to 125 on Sunrise NOI is really the total community NOI, which is how we report it consistently .
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: Since the quarter has now passed, has your view in regards to the outlook for Brookdale or Sunrise changed in anyway versus the last earnings call?
Debra Cafaro: I think, consistently we think Brookdale is a good company that is going to weather this; they have a very cycle-tested management team. We have a lot of confidence in them. On the Sunrise spread, I think they are showing that they are working through their corporate balance sheet issues and their banks have been working with them and so, I think pretty much status quo view on Sunrise.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: One quick question for Ray, could you just give us a sense of what you are seeing in the market right now with cap rates across the different property types?
Raymond Lewis: As I said earlier, it’s a very difficult market in which to define what cap rate should be. I think we’ve seen a couple of transactions probably the most notable was the portfolio of Sunwest assets that was purchased by Lone Star and that’s sort of a mixed bag. There is some nice stuff in there, there is some stuff that is probably not as attractive and that was pegged at a nine cap from the information that I have seen, but again, with the problems that Sunwest is having it is not really sort of a market transaction, as much as it is a liquidity need that’s being filled there. There is just not enough data points in the market to be able to sort of state with confidence what things would transact at right now.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: If you were to guess on the hospital side and as well as on the sniff side, what would you say?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are selling a hospital for seven to eight cap on rent this quarter. So that’s about the best information that we can provide.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan: Could I take Tayo’s question kind of one level higher, Ray? Realizing there is a kind of a posse of transactions out there. Is there any change that you can see in the type of assets that are kind of crossing your desk?
Raymond Lewis: When you say type?
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan: Hospitals versus senior housing versus nursing homes. Are there any, looking forward to when the capital markets loosen up in their transactions again, are there any asset classes that you think there is for sale of now than there were when the curtain came down?
Raymond Lewis: No. I haven’t seen any sort of shift; I would say generally, if people aren’t bringing assets to market at this moment in time unless they have to. I think they’re probably are a few more senior housing assets just because of what Debbie described and that there is financing available through the agencies for those assets, but I think when the market shifts it’s going to be driven by capital availability. I think we’ll see pretty good opportunities across the board.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan: Fair enough and then one Sunrise question, if you X out the FOREX issues. Is there a difference in the performance that you are seeing in the U.S. and Canada? Is it any better north of the border than here?
Raymond Lewis: Well, I think the Canadian occupancies have been stronger than they have in the U.S. they certainly haven’t experienced the same issues that we had here in terms of the housing market. I mean, certainly they are not insulated from the general economic conditions, but they didn’t experience the same housing bubble. The occupancies have been strong up there, so yes, I think there is a little bit better performance on the top line in those communities.
Robert Mains - Morgan Keegan: Is pricing equal in both areas? Or is that strong in Canada, too?
Raymond Lewis: Well again, I think if you have got a better occupied community, you can push pricing a little bit more.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: Just on the bond DOI, I have a few questions. Just on the 2010 bonds. What’s the outstanding on that one now, six and three quarters ‘10?
Debra Cafaro: About 135.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: Okay and then in terms of timing for the bond deal that you might bring, you mentioned, is there any further ability to kind of just tell us how you’re thinking about timing that?
Debra Cafaro: Maybe we can do a deal right here on the phone.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: I’ll take it a 12 %.
Debra Cafaro: I think that we didn’t say we were going to do a bond deal. We are looking at indicative pricing. We are monitoring the market regularly with people who have good visibility on to the market and our whole job, since mid 2007 through 2008 and into 2009 is not to have to go to the market. I think we need to keep that objectives and so you will be our first call, when we’re ready.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: I have a couple more. In terms of Moody’s, they seem to be lagging in high yields rating territory, high BB, but have you made any progress there? Do you think you have any insight on when they might actually follow pitch and S&P?
Debra Cafaro: We believe that we deserve three investment grade ratings. We’re committed to that and we had continued our dialog with all the agencies to that point.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: In terms of the use of secured debt, I thought I heard you mention something about secured debt potentially in the sort of 7% to 8 % range. As I think about your capital structure, are you still essentially thinking of an unsecured bond capital structure?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, it is consistent with our aspirations, our commitment to an investment grade balance sheet in our own business plan to overtime, reduce our reliance on secured debt. At this particular time in the market, it is a huge benefit including to our bondholders to have access to good, attractive, long-term fixed rate capital in modest amounts through the agencies. So, I think you’ll see us continue overtime with our plan to reduce reliance on secured debt and maintain an unsecured bond profile.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: One last question, just I guess more of a perhaps theoretical, but certainly seems like it could be practical, too. With bond yield, for example around 9% to 10 %, basically lately for unsecured bonds, that would imply like the cost of equity has to be back of the blond so sort of, is it nine to ten on the bonds. Your cost of equity is north of nine to ten into the double-digits?
Debra Cafaro: I can’t disagree with that logic.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: So, therefore given that and given your cost of debt doesn’t really get the tax shield benefit. If you think of weighted-average cost of capital it can’t be less than 9 % and therefore I’m trying to reconcile that with cap rates under 7 %. How do you kind of think about that in terms of valuing assets with a cap rate of 6.5% or 7%?
Debra Cafaro: I think again. It goes exactly to what we talked about is that we’re seeing some buyers in senior housing business paying cap rates of 6.5% to 9 %, let’s call it. That’s being driven by access to let’s say 6 % to 7 % agency financing and that is relatively, those numbers work. Another asset type in real estate, I think you would not see the same low cap rate, exactly because you cannot obtain good debt capital to acquire those assets.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: As you look at your company, if you were to buy an asset.
Debra Cafaro: I didn’t say we were buying assets at that cap rate. Is that be said the office is.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: No, I hear you on that just going forward. If you were to you’re buying asset given your bond yields and your cost of equity, like we went through the math. Would it make sense to do a deal at a cap rate like less than 9 %? Is this just you’re not really like mark-to-market, you are sort of M&A, internal M&A, acquisitions to your current capital structure on mark-to-market?
Debra Cafaro: We care deeply about your cost of capital as it relates to our acquisition yields and what we just talked about in terms of what the hurdle would be for investments in this current environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital.
Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital: Most my questions have been answered, but one last question here. It looks like in your lease-up portfolio; the occupancy increased substantially despite moving what I presume is the higher occupancy facility to the stabilized portfolio. Can you kind of discus what the dynamics in those markets were, were those two remaining lease-up facilities there?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, absolutely. We have two lease-up assets as you said. Indeed, occupancy increased sequentially by 550 basis points, which is strong. One of those assets is in Canada. It’s a really kind of four seasons-quality, large independent living community and occupancy there rose dramatically in the quarter. It is in earlier stages of lease up so, that’s why I think you are seeing a bigger move there, both because the building is bigger and it’s at an earlier stage so it moves the needle more.
Brian Sekino - Barclays Capital: Do you have any expectations for when the lease-up for both of those will be complete?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we just view it as a trend. I mean --
Raymond Lewis: Well, I think the only asset we’ll have in lease up for most of next year will be the Canadian assets, the Steele’s asset and so, and that we’ll continue to lease-up through the balance of this year and into the next year.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think we had originally said stabilization in Steele’s was 2010, 2011 something like that. It’s a very large asset.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: First question about MOB’s I understand that on the whole demand for medical office buildings is more elastic than other property type, but what about the pace of lease-up for recently developed or un-stabilized assets? Does the slow lease-up of Ventas is un-stabilized properties reflect that sensitivity?
Debra Cafaro: I didn’t understand exactly the question.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Well, I guess I noticed that the MOB in lease-up, the two MOB’s in lease up have been have not made much lease up progress over the past year and I was wondering if you would attribute that to more generally to lease up of MOB’s in this economy or is that the particular assets?
Debra Cafaro: There is one particular asset in that that has definitely not met our lease-up expectation. On the three MOB’s that we have in development, those were substantially pre-leased. We’ve got 65% to 88% pre-leasing activity there and good activity to drive those to a successful outcome. So, I would say that there is no part of real estate or business generally, that’s immune from these powerful negative trends we have in the economy, but I would say that the lease-up assets that we have, that you are referring to, it’s really more just one specific asset that hasn’t met our lease-up expectations and on the three that we have ongoing, I mean those seem to be going relatively well.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Then on the Ameritas deal that was done, how much did the seller financing affect the price?
Debra Cafaro: Our financing as opposed to debt GSE financing?
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Right, the $10 million loan that you made to Ameritas?
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think it affected it minimally. I think what was a much bigger driver was the level of proceeds and the 6% or lower GSE financing.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: And then why did routine CapEx increase in the fourth quarter and what’s your forecast for ‘09?
Debra Cafaro: Good question that Ray will talk about sort of how CapEx tends to trend during the year and why it was in the fourth quarter and what our expectations are for next year.
Raymond Lewis: I think there is a lot of projects that get started mid-year and accelerate in the fourth quarter of the year as people are finishing up their budgets and completing a lot of their CapEx projects for the year and heading into the next year, when we sort of reset the bar I think we are looking at $7 million to $7.5 million CapEx budget for our Sunrise portfolio next year.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean a lot of it’s human nature and it’s very consistent with what you see in real estate which is, if someone has the CapEx budget and they don’t get around to spending it and they realize they might not keep it if they don’t use it. They tend to use it in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now like to turn the call over to Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra Cafaro: All right Tanya. I want to thank everyone for joining our call. We really appreciate your interest in the company. We look forward to seeing our investors at the upcoming city conference and thanks again for dialing in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Smith Debra Cafaro - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Richard Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Raymond Lewis - Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President 
Analysts: David Toti - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup David Toti - Citigroup Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO  Brian Sekino - Barclay’s Capital [Harv Tinker] – Morgan Keegan & Co. Tayo Okusanya - UBS Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 2008 Ventas Earnings Conference Call. My name is Becky and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a remainder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. David Smith. Please proceed.
David Smith:  Good morning and welcome to the Ventas Conference Call to review the company's announcement yesterday regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions, and certain other statements to be made during this conference call, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions, and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements, and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is that of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measures contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra Cafaro, Chairman, President, and CEO of the company.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to Ventas' third quarter 2008 earnings call. I'm pleased to be joined this morning by my Ventas colleagues including Ray Lewis and Rick Schweinhart. In the third quarter, Ventas once again delivered growing earnings and demonstrated portfolio and balance sheet strength despite the unprecedented conditions in the financial, economic, and housing markets. Since mid-2007, we have prepared for a severe credit downturn. Our actions have been increasingly protective since then as we have opportunistically raised equity to reduce our debt balances, sold assets, expanded our revolving credit capacity, limited our forward commitments and investments, and even killed deals in progress. Yet all of our steps seem insignificant compared to the magnitude and speed of the recent meltdown in the global financial system. In October, we took the extraordinary step of drawing down our line of credit to create real liquidity at the company. Buying some of our outstanding bonds at a discount, fund near-term debt maturity, and meet other corporate obligations. Pending use of the fund were paid down of our line of credit, we invested excess amounts in safe US Treasury securities. Right now, we are holding a little over $100 million in these short-term treasury investments. We complete highly defensive actions to preserve and protect shareholder value. They are, however, a drag on near-term earnings. So, despite good performance in our portfolio and inline core earnings, we are adjusting our 2008 normalized FFO guidance to $2.71 to $2.74 per share to take into account the impacts of our actions and the negative forward economic environment. We believe that in this uncertain time, safety and liquidity thrust other goals. Ventas remains in an enviable position of safety with very attractive leverage of 31% debt-to-enterprise value at quarter end. Our debt maturities through the end of 2009 totaled only $219 million, and we already have funds earmarked to pay those maturities without additional draws on our revolver. So it is fair to say that we anticipate zero net debt maturities until 2010. You're probably thinking about it. Right now we have cash on hand of $106 million and we expect to receive over $100 million in proceeds under a pending loan application. Assuming this refinancing closes, the combination of cash on hand and refinancing proceeds will cover all of our debt maturities into 2010 without further draws on our revolver.  That leaves additional liquidity of $623 million of undrawn borrowing capacity under our credit facility. These credit facilities don't mature until 2010 and that doesn't even take into account potential dispositions of between $100 million and $150 million in assets for a significant gain. The total amount of potential dispositions includes the previously announced sale of five senior housing assets to Emeritus for over $62 million. This sale transaction should close in the fourth quarter. We also expect to sell a handful of other assets aggregating between $35 million and $85 million in proceeds early next year. If completed, these dispositions will generate significant gains for Ventas and further increase our cash on hand. In addition to our excellent balance sheet and liquidity position, we have a high quality portfolio of diversified healthcare and senior housing assets. Our tenants such as Kindred and Brookdale are performing creditively during a very challenging time. Furthermore, our property manager, Sunrise Senior Living Inc., has increased to 92% the average occupancy in our 72 same-store stable pool of community it manages on our behalf. Today we will discuss our earnings, expected dispositions, balance sheet and liquidity positions, recent investments, portfolio performance, and our outlook. After Rich Schweinhart reports on our financial results we will be happy to take your questions. This quarter’s normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.69, a 4.5% increase over last year’s quarterly result. NAREIT-defined FFO per diluted share was significantly higher at $0.81 because we received a $17 million net benefit to earnings this quarter which we excluded from normalized FFO per share. But that $17 million net benefit is very real because it represents the cash liability that we will not have to pay. On the investment front, we have been extremely selective all year because our first priority has been to stay safe and liquid and increase financial flexibility. Big picture on the investment front, we are doing four things: One, making selective investments in medical office buildings or MOBs; two, we are buying back our bonds due 2009 and 2010 at a discount; third, we are acquiring slivers of debt in healthcare operating company; and fourth, we are keeping our eyes open in our powder dry for exceptional opportunities that should arise as the consequences of the credit environment work their way through the real estate landscape. Let me explain our rationale and our activity. First, MOBs. We are committed to being a leader in the MOB space. As a result of our strategy and activity, we now own 1.5 million square feet of MOB including those under development. More importantly, we are now doing business with six quality MOB developers including five of the top 20 MOB developers in the nation. Regarding specific MOB acquisitions, we have invested in five MOBs since we last spoke. Two stabilized fully-occupied MOBs and three pre-leased MOBs under development. The assets are with three different developer partners, two of whom represent new MOB relationships for Ventas. Two MOB developments we began in the fourth quarter are the results of the option agreement we previously announced that gives Ventas the right but not the obligation to fund up to ten MOB developments. Both of our new MOB developments are with not-for-profit hospital systems having an A-credit rating. These MOBs are 58% and 88% pre-leased and total cost to Ventas should be about $45 million. We expect our stabilized yield on those projects to approximate 8% on stabilization. One other pre-leased development project represents a new partnership for Ventas with the national developer manager of MOB. That MOB development is within investment grade rated hospital systems and is 63% pre-leased. The expected project cost to Ventas is about $21 million and we expect the stabilized yield to be about 8.5%. The two Atlanta stabilized MOBs we acquired in the third quarter also represent a new relationship with a prominent MOB owner-manager-developer in the Southeast. These two MOBs are fully-leased and are located on the campus of an HCA full-service acute care hospital. Our investment in these two MOBs totaled $40 million and we expect about a 7.25% initial NOI yield on our investment. We believe these MOB investments and relationships will create value for our shareholders. They advance our interest in a disciplined measured way and position us to become a leader in the MOB business. Second, we have taken advantage of the disruption in the credit market to buy back a $139 million in principal amount of our own bonds at a net discount. These bonds would otherwise be due in 2009 and 2010. So we are essentially repaying those near-term maturities without a make-whole premium. Our return on investment is at or above 9% and we believe taking out these 2009 and 2010 maturities at attractive levels represent a great use of cash on hand. Now third, let’s turn to debt investments we are making. Here we made total investments of under $20 million in the third quarter. We have said previously that we will acquire debt investments in limited amounts issued by quality borrowers in the healthcare space. We are looking for superior risk-adjusted returns and especially returns that may be higher than equity returns. We intend to invest in small principal amounts issued by multiple borrowers, purchase these slivers of debt at a discount and hold the debt to maturity or earlier payoff by the issuer. With that backdrop in mind in the third quarter, we purchased debt in three publicly traded hospital companies in principal amounts between $5 million and $10 million per issuer. Our total investment was less than $20 million and the yield to maturity should be about 9.5%. We have been disciplined in our approach and we believe these investments will provide good cash flow and the return of principals to Ventas. Finally, we are keeping our eyes open for those exceptional investment opportunities that should come along as a result of the credit crisis and constrained capital environment. We want to stay in a liquid position so we can take advantage of those opportunities when they arrive. Our strategy has been to keep our powder dry and work to stay active in our space so we can be ready to use our balance sheet and liquidity advantages for the benefit of our shareholders. Turning to our diverse portfolio of healthcare and senior housing assets, it is performing well. First, our triple net lease assets. Consistent with industry practice, our reported portfolio numbers are through the end of the prior quarter or June 30, 2008. The Ventas portfolio is a stable, secure portfolio with solid occupancies and cash flow to rent coverages across the spectrum of independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing facilities, and hospitals. Our triple-net lease portfolio of 418 assets accounts for 76% of our NOI. First, let’s look at our triple-net lease private-pay senior housing assets. You already know that Brookdale last night reported over 90% occupancy in its corporate portfolio at the end of the third quarter. In our senior living triple-net lease portfolio, without the benefit of the third quarter results, cash flow to rent coverages are stable at 1.3 times, an average occupancy with 87% reflecting trough Q2 occupancy. Turning to our skilled nursing and hospital triple-net lease portfolio. Kindred leases 165 skilled nursing facilities and 38 long-term acute care hospitals from Ventas under pooled multi-facility triple-net master leases that are the super senior secured obligations in Kindred's capital structure. On a trailing 12-month basis through the second quarter of 2008, Kindred generated $2.20 in cash for each dollar of rent it paid to Ventas. Remember, these triple-net leases are designed to anticipate annual and quarterly changes in operator performance. Following outstanding first and second quarter 2008 results, Kindred’s third quarter EPS was lower than expected due to soft volumes in its long-term acute care hospitals. Kindred still expects that the 2008 EBITDAR to approximate $563 million. Kindred’s $80-million swing in expected annual EBITDAR on a $4.2 billion business is well within the normal range of expectations from our landlord’s point of view. Most important for our constituents, Ventas’ rent from Kindred remains the same and is secure. Kindred cash flow to Ventas rent for 2008 should be about 2.1 times and operating cash flow at our Kindred hospitals should still cover our $86 million in hospital cash rent by over 2.5 times. Our Kindred nursing home which received a 3.4% Medicare rate increase in October 2008 continues to perform well with two times cash flow to rent coverage. In sum, our Kindred assets are generating excellent cash flows. At the corporate level, Kindred’s 2008 expected EBITDAR of $563 million exceeds its total expected fixed charges by $200 million. We continue to have confidence in Kindred and our Kindred assets. All in all then, we are pleased with our diversified triple-net lease portfolio which is delivering steady reliable growing rent from a variety of tenant operators and asset types. Next, I want to discuss our operating portfolio. Our 79 assisted living community managed by Sunrise Senior Living and our medical office buildings provide a granular highly diversified revenue streams in our portfolio. We first want to review our assisted living operating portfolio. These high quality private-paid mansion-style communities are located in major metropolitan markets and serve a need-based senior population.  Our 79 Sunrise communities account for 19% of then passive total NOI. These 79 communities produce solid results in the third quarter. Total NOI for the portfolio was $35.2 million which is consistent with the $71 million NOI level we reported in the first half of 2008. For the 78 communities we owned in the full third quarter of 2008 and the full third quarter of 2007, total NOI stopped over 4%, average daily rate increased 3%, and occupancies are stable at 91%. This is very solid performance from our Sunrise portfolio. For the 72 same-store stabilized communities we owned and Sunrise manages, average occupancy increased sequentially in the third quarter of 2008 to 92%.  A year ago in the third quarter, these 72 assets showed occupancy of 93% versus last year's third quarter, average daily rate is up 3% in these 72 communities. We also have three Sunrise community that have been leased up including the large independent living asset in Toronto, known as Steeles. These three leased-up communities we owned for the full second and third quarter of 2008 showed increasing occupancies and stable NOI this quarter. Specifically, our two Sunrise mansion assisted living communities that are in lease up increased sequential occupancy by 4 percentage points to 70% in the third quarter versus 66% in the second.  And our new Steeles independent living community in Toronto is showing steady progress averaging 52% average occupancy in the third quarter compared to 46% in the second. Steeles is currently home to almost 150 seniors. So to sum up our 79 communities managed by Sunrise, the third quarter NOI and occupancy performance are generally tracking our expectations. Average occupancies at the 72 same-store stabilized communities grew sequentially and our three leased up assets show improving occupancy and stable NOI. We currently expect NOI from our 79 senior living communities managed by Sunrise to total $137 million to $140 million for the year, a downward revision of about 3% since we spoke in August. Our projections at that time were explicitly based upon a stable economic environment. In that environment, we expected second half growth and revenue to offset higher anticipated expenses. Today’s change in 2008 NOI expectation is based instead upon the current recessionary climate which we believe will result in fourth quarter lapse to lower occupancy, continued promotional pricing, an increase in expenses, normal year-end true up, and the impact of the decline in the Canadian dollar. In short, we believe revenues in our Sunrise portfolio are not ramping in the second half as we and Sunrise projected while extensive arising as expected. Therefore, fourth quarter revenues in the portfolio should show stability or modest decline rather than an increase because the whole world hunkered down in October and now we are heading into the holidays while property expenses are likely to be up pressuring fourth quarter NOI result. Perhaps our cautious outlooks were proven warranted, but we believe it is realistic and appropriate in the state of current economic headwind. As always, we are committed as the management team to giving you are best read on what we see going forward whether we like it or not. We will be very happy if we are proven wrong. I want to remind you that our healthcare and senior housing assets are indeed recession resistant and performing generally well. But, as I said in February, no sector is immune from the very powerful downward forces affecting our economy. When the world returns to any semblance of normalcy, our high quality communities should show significant upside and growth. Turning to the medical office building portion of our portfolio, we added two stabilized MOBs in the third quarter. In total, our MOBs contributed $4.8 million in NOI to Ventas this quarter. An average occupancy in our stabilized MOBs with 96%. Our MOB portfolio currently accounts for over 3% of our NOI. The last item in our portfolio review is the $6 million valuation allowance we have taken respecting three first mortgage loans we have outstanding to affiliates of Sunrise management, a senior living operator in the Pacific Northwest. These loans totaled $20 million and are secured by lien and four senior housing assets and guaranteed by Sunwest in its principal. Sunwest recently became delinquent in payments of principal and interest to us and we have initiated foreclosure actions on the assets and collection action on the guarantee. We will endeavor to collect all amounts owed to us but have recorded a $6 million allowance to reflect the current valuation and financing environment for these assets. On the investment front, opportunities to invest are becoming plentiful and more interesting due to the capital constrained environment. This period should represent a great investment landscape for REIT. But for the time being, we are trying to get a better read on the long-term cost and availability of debt as well as where pricing will settle in the real estate market before making any meaningful investments.  We do believe excellent investment opportunities in our sector are beginning to present themselves and we are committed to being patient and disciplined with our capital allocation decisions because we believe that it is in the best interest of our shareholders to do so. Because we have liquidity and low leverage, we are well positioned to succeed whether we experience a prolonged downturn or we see a rapidly improving market. Make no mistake, our top priority remains a quality balance sheet and we don’t intend to compromise that priority. We are in great shape there with no net debt maturities through the end of 2009 assuming the funding of our pending refinancing. Added to that, we have over $600 million available on our line of credit which doesn’t mature until 2010 and potential assets sales totaling between a $100 million and $150 million over the next several quarters. So we are well positioned to preserve and create shareholder value during a very challenging time. With that, I will turn it over to Rick who’ll review of our financial result and after Rick’s remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Richard Schweinhart:  Thank you, Debbie. Third quarter 2008 normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.69 up 4.5% from $0.66 in last year’s third quarter and down from $0.71 in the second quarter of 2008. Triple-net lease revenues continue to grow sequentially due to contractual escalations. Sunrise-managed NOI was $35.2 million in the third quarter compared to $34.0 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $38.0 million in the second quarter of 2008. The third quarter, Sunrise NOI benefited from less than $2 million in expense true-ups.  Medical office building NOI grew steadily due to acquisitions and was $4.8 million in the third quarter compared to $1.7 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $3.7 million in the second quarter of 2008. Interest income on loans and investments was $3.4 million in the third quarter reflecting a full quarter of income for mortgage and senior not investments purchased in the second quarter. Interest expense decreased from both the third quarter last year and the second quarter this year due to debt repayments. G&A increased in the third quarter of 2008 principally due to about $2 million of dead deal cost. The share account increased due to our August equity rates. Third quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.64 compared to $0.62 in last year’s third quarter and $0.68 in the second quarter of 2008. Normalized FFO this quarter totaled $97.2 million, compared to $88.7 million in the third quarter of last year and $98.7 million in the second quarter of this year. Normalized FFO and earnings are reported after deducting minority interest.  Normalized FFO for the third quarter of 2008 excludes the benefit of $23 million representing a reversal of a previously reported contingent liability partially offset by valuation allowance of $6 million on $20 million of mortgage loans receivable. Normalized FFO increased $8 million from last year's third quarter principally due to acquisitions. Revenues increased $14 million. Of that, $5 million was due to triple-net rent increases and $5 million due to the Sunrise properties, resident rental, and services fees increases. The remaining increase of $4 million was due to interest income on loans and investments and other income. Our third quarter affective interest rate of 6.5% improved from 6.7% in the third quarter of 2007 and 6.6% in the second quarter of 2008. General, administrative and professional fees including stock-based compensation for the third quarter of 2008 totaled $11.6 million and included dead deal cost of approximately $2 million. Excluding dead deal cost, the third quarter SG&A of $9.9 million compared to $9.6 million from the second quarter and is approximately 4.1% of revenues. On August 15, 2008, we issued 4.75 million shares of common stock producing net proceeds to the company of $217 million. As a result, weighted average diluted shares grew to 141.1 million in the third quarter, up from 138.7 million shares in the second quarter of 2008. At September 30, 2008, we had $116 million of cash and $62 million outstanding on our $815 million revolving credit agreement and unused capacity of over $780 million. We currently have approximately $106 million of cash and $223 million outstanding on our revolving credit agreement and unused capacity of over $620 million. Our debt to total capitalization is excellent at31% at quarter end, and our net debt to pro forma EBITDA is 4.7 times. We have changed our guidance for 2008 to between $2.71 and $2.74 per share from between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. This change is primarily the result of the company's proactive steps to increase its liquidity and the negative forward economic environment that is likely to affect NOI and our Sunrise managed assets. Specifically, we had more weighted average diluted shares outstanding, dead deal cost, negative arbitrage, and borrowing on our line of credit and holding cash balances in safe, low-yielding US Treasury security bonds and the recent decline in the value of the Canadian dollar. Our key assumptions are that total Sunrise NOI from our 79 assets ranges from $137 million to $140 million and SG&A expense of approximately $38 million to $40 million. Our guidance does not include other unannounced acquisitions or divestiture activity. A word about liquidity. We've included additional debt maturity schedules in both our press release and our web site. Excluding normal amortization payments, we have no remaining maturities in 2008. 2009 maturities are $219 million, about half of which we anticipate funding with the pending refinancing. 2010 maturities total $547 million and include our revolver of $223 million, senior notes of approximately $160 million, and the balance or mortgages which are refinanceable. Our cash balance is presently approximately $106 million and our unused capacity on revolver is over $620 million. To recap, we have focused on our balance sheet which is strong. We have excellent liquidity. Our third quarter normalized FFO per share grew 4.5% over the comparable period last year. We've received a sizeable net benefit from the reversal and contingent liability and we look forward to continued stability the results for the balance of 2008. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Michael Billerman of Citi. Please proceed.
David Toti - Citigroup:  Hi, this is David Toti here with Michael. A couple of questions. What are the terms on the $100 million refund?
Debra Cafaro:  They would range probably a thread under 300 over comparable treasuries.
David Toti - Citigroup:  Okay. And then my second question, relative to your debt repurchasing appetite, I know you've talked a little bit about how you weigh liquidity versus your spending power. Could you just sort of elaborate a little bit more on that relative to the spending that occurred in the third quarter?
Debra Cafaro:  Yes, absolutely. And that spending continued to—that so you know into the—it accelerated into fourth quarter in October, when the market really crashed. Here’s the way we think about it, we have significant make whole premiums on those bond issues. We are only looking at near-term maturities because we’re really trading cheaper debt for more expensive debt, and since we know that we have to pay those maturities in the near term, we view that as a very positive trade-out.  What we have not been doing, and don’t intend to do, no matter what the rate is, to use our liquidity for the out maturity, because we don’t feel that that is really advancing the cause of near-term liquidity and balance sheet management. 
David Toti - Citigroup:  Right, okay, thank you and then just moving over to your leasing. Is there any update, or progress you can provide relative to leases rolling in 2010?
Debra Cafaro:  Most of those leases are Kindred leases, and those are all in the pool of multi-facility master leases that are essentially all-or-nothing. So, just as Kindred renewed in 2008, we would expect them to do the same in 2010.
David Toti - Citigroup:  Given the pressures in the environment, do you expect any sort of significant downward revisions? Or attempts to renegotiate outside of the current terms?
Debra Cafaro:  We do not—and you notice, those assets are very, very profitable to Kindred, and they’re a significant portion of their business. Right now, we expect them to be getting about $2.1 in cash for every dollar in rent that they pay to us, and so we feel good about the renewals, as we did in 2008.
David Toti - Citigroup:  Great, thank you, and then my last question is just relative to—it’s kind of a general question relative to your tenant concentration. There’s been a lot of focus on that over recent periods. Can you just sort of elaborate on your thinking about tenant concentration? Any desire to further diversify? Do you have any concerns over your existing roster?
Debra Cafaro:  Well one thing is it’s kind of funny to us, because we believe that we have—and indeed we have significantly diversified lead portfolio in a number of different ways—if you recall, the portfolio was originally 100% Kindred and 100% Medicare reimbursed, and so now the portfolio is really significantly diversified by geography, by asset type, by payer source and by tenant.  The way we have always thought about it, is that we think the most important driver is really asset class and payer source diversification, and we work very hard to generate that. The primary source of our rent or NOI is really the underlying cash flow with those assets, and so we’ll continue to try to do what we’ve always done, which is to grow earnings while systematically reducing risk in the portfolio.  And so I think you’ll see us continue to do that, and our MOB initiative is one way that we’re continuing to do that. So it is a goal, but we do believe we have really improved and diversified our portfolio. From an asset-class standpoint, we think it is very balanced.
David Toti - Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro:  Thank you for listening.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Karin Ford of Keybanc Capital Markets, please proceed. 
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning. My first question is on the Sun West assets, are those good assets? Do you plan to sell them or release them? Or I guess not release, but lease them and hold them in your portfolio after foreclosure? 
Debra Cafaro:  They’re average assets, I would say, our basis in them is about 65,000 a unit. In any normalized environment, we would expect them to be worth between $75,000 and $100,000 a unit. What we intend to do is get the receiver in place, and secure the cash flows and make sure the operations are stabilized and improved. At that point, we would look to either put them out for management contract, lease them, or dispose of them.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay, that makes sense. Sorry if I missed this, did you say was there any gain in FFO from the repurchase of your debt at a discount?
Debra Cafaro:  We’ve excluded that from normalized FFO results.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  But it’s in the nary FFO line item?
Debra Cafaro:  Yes, exactly.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  How much was that in the quarter?
Richard Schweinhart:  This is Rich Schweinhart, and there was a small charge of about maybe $100,000 to $200,000 in the quarter. The bulk of the gains occurred in October when we started buying in higher levels, and at better prices.  
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  And how much do you expect the gains to be in October?
Debra Cafaro:  Also small. 
Richard Schweinhart:  Small.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Small? Okay. On Sunrise, the strategy there is that you guys are operating similar to apartments I guess in dialing back on rate in order to maintain occupancy in this environment? Is that correct?
Raymond Lewis: Yeah Karin, this is Ray. Sunrise has been engaging in promotional pricing to move whatever vacant inventory exists, and to keep occupancies up.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay, and can you just talk about what happens to your management (inaudible) f something bad happens to Sunrise?
Debra Cafaro:  I’ll take that. Yes, and again, I want to emphasize that on these 79 communities, Sunrise is our property manager, and basically, the NOI is apartment like in that it comes essentially from the residents in the communities. So, in the event of a negative corporate event at sunrise, I think we would assess at that time, whether we would want to retain Sunrise as the manager or not, and we believe that they are generally good managers of the Sunrise Mansion’s product.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Do you think given your outlook for even more difficult economic environment, and given what you saw with Sun West, do you expect to see more bankruptcies on the operator’s side next year?
Debra Cafaro:  We don’t really expect to see bankruptcies on the operator’s side. I would say that given all of the distress that we see at the very—the very strongest companies in America, in this environment, you would never rule anything out, but that is not our expectation. Our expectation really is just that we do see some near-term pressure on NOI, and we believe that our assets will perform well, as and when the environment returns to some kind of normalcy.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Great. Last question; are you concerned at all about the operating environment for your sniff portfolio, given concern about state budgets and potential risk in Medicaid?
Debra Cafaro:  As long as I’ve been at Ventas, that question has been really an annual question. I think the way we think about the nursing home, and the LTACH business, is that those are businesses that  those are businesses that are needed and ser an important part of the elderly population.  Our cash-flow coverages, and our triple-net leases, which are very down-side protected, are intentionally structured to anticipate ups and downs in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, and have been building up a very significant cushion over the last years. And so we would expect some ups and downs, as we always have, over the years, in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, but still have really a lot of confidence in our Kindred cash flows in their operating proficiency and in our rent.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Thank you very much, very helpful.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Dustin Pizzo of Banc Of America Securities, please proceed.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc Of America Securities:  Hey, thank you, good morning everyone. Debbie, just a follow up on one of David’s questions, as you’re thinking about your liquidity here versus the opportunities, specifically on the debt side, can you also just talk about how you view your stock as a potential investment here? Just given the 40% decline we’ve seen since the end of the quarter?
Debra Cafaro:  Thank you for asking. That’s a great question. I have never been a big stock buy-back proponent as the issue has come up from time-to-time. But as we look at it now, I think it is certainly something that is interesting, especially when you compare it to the yield on other potential investments.  I think we do want to get a firm read on liquidity and balance sheet, which will remain paramount—I want to be clear on that—and we’re not going to really compromise on that, but certainly, as you look at capital allocation decisions, stock bye-backs are one thing that could make a lot of sense in this kind of environment.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc Of America Securities:  And is there currently any sort of repurchase plan that’s in place?
Debra Cafaro:  We have the ability to buy back some of our shares, but that’s really all I want to say at this moment.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc Of America Securities:  Okay, and then just looking at the property level on the acquisition side, yesterday one of your peers suggested that the Cap rates and the MOB space are “delusional.” And you guys continue to build out your platform there, albeit a pretty attractive yields to what we’ve seen elsewhere, but can you just talk more broadly as to one, what types of returns you need to see today before you put additional capital to work, and two, just sort of your thoughts on the asset class, and Cap rates today—I mean I know it’s tough, given there are very few transactions out there.
Debra Cafaro:  Yeah, I think that’s also an excellent question, and to answer it, I just want to talk a little bit about our strategy in the MOB states, which again, is a space that we really believe in, we think has a very large, fragmented space, we see hospital systems who are the owners of most of these assets, we think they’re going to accelerate monetization, or sale of those assets, and they have capital constraints, fewer sources of capital and more needs for capital.  And we believe it’s just a good stable asset class that really plays to the baby-boomer demographics. So we very much like this space and we want to grow that part of our portfolio as part of our continued diversification efforts.  So that’s an important backdrop. We’ve developed a strategy of really putting in place this network of partnership with quality MOB developer/owner/managers, and we have been willing to allocate limited amounts of capital, to basically put that infrastructure in place with six of those developer managers—again, five of whom are in the top 20 MOB developers in the United States.  And the theory is, that we can then either quickly ramp up, that if indeed Cap rates turn out to be not delusional, and entirely appropriate, and as you mentioned, I think we are getting good returns on the assets that we have announced this quarter, and alternatively, if Cap rates really rise in the states, we are positioned to average in, through this network or relationships, as price discovery continues, and we see where Cap rates ultimately settle.  So there is a method to the madness, and that is how we’re looking at those investments. Is that helpful in response to your question?
Dustin Pizzo - Banc Of America Securities:  Yeah, it is. And then just lastly, I mean as you look at the MOB side, and the platform, I mean I know in the past you had talked about potentially starting to build out the business through these varying relationships with the developer/operators, but at some point, bringing it, so that you have some type of in-house platform. Is that still the strategy? Or have you revisited that at all?
Raymond Lewis: Dustin, this is Ray, yeah, I think that is the long-term strategy for the company, and consistent with what we’ve said in the past, we’re going to start by developing these relationships, and we’re not targeting any specific date by which we want to have that platform. It may turn out over time, that as we build out these relationships, that date continues to get pushed out into the future, because we’re getting what we’re looking for strategically out of the relationships in terms of deal flow and returns and portfolio growth and diversification.  I think ultimately, it’s our belief that we want to have the integrated management, development and leasing platform, because it will give us more ways to make money in the medical office building space for our shareholders. So that’s the long-term goal, but we don’t have a timeline on it.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc Of America Securities:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson, of BMO Capital Markets, please proceed.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Thanks, and good morning. Can you help me sort of connect the dots on the guidance reduction. You had the evaluation allowance, which is in the normalized FFO, right? 
Debra Cafaro:  Well the 17 million-dollar net benefit of the contingent—the reversal, the contingent liability offset by the 6 million-dollar evaluation allowance, are both excluded from normalized FFO.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Why do I see the 6 million-dollars in your normalized FFO, unless I’m reading it wrong?
Debra Cafaro:  Where are you reading?
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Maybe I’ll take it offline, but just looking at—oh, provision for loan losses.
Debra Cafaro:  I can assure you, that the 17 million-dollar net benefit, which is the contingent liability reversal, offset partially by the Sun loss allowance, are excluded from our normalized FFO results.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. I’ll double check on that; or double back. But can you go through the individual components to the guidance reduction? You mentioned the deal of $2 million, how would you quantify other factors? Like the liquidity protection and all that, the foreign currency, everything.
Debra Cafaro:  Yes, okay, so if you kind of look at the $0.69, third quarter, and you go to the—pull your guidance of 271 to 274, that would imply a $0.63 to $0.66 fourth quarter. So it’s sort of a $0.03 to $0.06 amount, which is, let’s call it between $4.5 and $8.5 million bucks, so there’s negative arbitrage, maybe a penny or so, no interest on Sun West, and negative movements in the Canadian dollar. Maybe a penny or so potential negative of more shares outstanding, and then maybe $2 to $4 million on Sunrise, and potential professional accounting fees and other. So that’s not a whole list, but it includes some of the major drivers.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Can you talk about expenses worth Sunrise, same store stabilized portfolio? You have NOI growth on the stabilized portfolio of 1%, and rate growth of about 3%, so can you talk about the nature of the expense growth that you’re assuming in the Sunrise portfolio?
Raymond Lewis: Yeah Rich, this is Ray Lewis. I think in general, the way that we’re looking at the portfolio as we’ve said, is the revenues are going to be flattish to down as occupancy is flat, and there’s continued promotional pricing. I think as we look at the fourth quarter, we were expecting expenses to increase pretty much across the board, but we were also hoping that the revenues would increase to offset and, in fact, more than cover that.  In terms of the expenses themselves, I think there is a couple of things that you can think about, one is there continues to be a little bit of pressure on utilities, on the natural gas front in particular, and in addition to that, there are just, in our experience, some normal true-ups at the end of the year, that will add to your expenses as the year is finalized. And so we’re anticipating those again this year.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  What are the discounts? The promotional pricing? How would you quantify that? Is that just like concessions? Or what is that?
Raymond Lewis: It’s mostly near-term concessions to move vacant units, so our hope is, that as those burn off, we will pick up revenue, but we may need to continue those short-term promotions to continue to move vacant units during the economic downturn. 
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Just out of curiosity, why is there 72 properties in the same store pool now?
Debra Cafaro:  Well there are 72 in the same store stabilized, which are basically stabilized assets that we’ve owned the full—and that we’re stable—
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  There’s 74 in the last quarter though.
Debra Cafaro:  Pardon me?
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  There were 74 properties last quarter.
Debra Cafaro:  Well there’s 76 stabilized, and 72 same-store stabilized Rich. So, there were two leased-up assets that were re-classified to stable in 3Q of 08, so that gets you 74 to 76, and same-store stable at 72 are assets that were stabilized, and we own for the full third quarter of 2007 and 2008.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. 
Debra Cafaro:  So we’re getting to a point now, where we finally have five quarters, so we’re able to make normal, year-over-year quarterly comparisons, which I think will be helpful to analysts and investors alike. 
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, last question is with your medical office business, why is it that you can’t name your partners? I mean it seems like such in a box. Is there a legal issue there? Or just a confidentiality? Or what is it? It’d be nice to know who you’re dealing with I guess.
Raymond Lewis: Yeah Rich, this is Ray, I think that the real reason we don’t want to name the partners, is that they are the ones that are in front of the hospitals with the direct relationship, and we don’t want to be front-running those relationships with the hospital, so it’s really at the request of our partners that we’re doing that.
Debra Cafaro:  Again, some are more sensitive than others. For example, on our supplemental, we talk about Next Core, which is one of our—and Ann Greenfield, which are two of our important MOB relationships, and are well known and are well thought of national and regional MOB developers.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  So you’re saying that the hospital would have want—may have wanted this business? Is that what you’re saying? And they’re--?
Raymond Lewis: No, all I’m saying is that the developer has a relationship and interaction with the hospital that they’re using to generate new business that we’ll both benefit from. What we don’t want to do is be in a three-way discussion, and relationship with that hospital. We want to be supporting our developer in that circumstance at their request.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  Got it. Understood, okay, thank you.
Debra Cafaro:  You’re welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Alright, thanks. A lot of stuff has been covered; just one or two other things. I still don’t understand why we can’t get another decimal point on occupancy and stuff, because it really does create confusion when you report to senior housing. Is there some reason for that sort of lump?
Debra Cafaro:  There’s no real reason Jerry, other than that we had recently decided to do it basically, kind of rounded, and didn’t really—and don’t really believe that 10 basis points here or there really should make a giant difference in people’s perception of the performance of a large portfolio. But we will definitely take your comments, which we respect enormously, under advisement and think about whether we should change the presentation in 2009.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Right and when we’re trying to do estimates, the truth is that 10 or 20 basis points does matter, particularly, and they could be as much as 40 or 50 basis points, so we’d love to have the alternative.  Again, a lot of good stuff has been covered. If we’re just trying to think about 2009, and obviously there’s lots of uncertainty here—well, maybe one question before that—I think you said you had bought additional debt, or accelerated your debt repurchases in the 4th quarter 2008, so any just sense of the volume of that? Or if we read in the change in the line-draw or reduction in cash, is that a way to get a handle on how much you’ve repurchased?
Debra Cafaro:  Well, I mean we can be a little bit more specific with you. Rick, how much did we purchase after the end of the quarter?
Richard Schweinhart: I’ll tell you what, Jerry there’s a table at the end of the press release, if you’ll notice, as of September 30, 2008, and then the table there is November 4, if you subtract those two it tells you exactly.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, sorry, just didn’t get to there yet. And then, when we think about next year, you obviously are maintaining investments on the MOB at some reasonable level, to keep that relationship alive, and otherwise being very selective and waiting for some opportunistic—should we—is there any order of magnitude at which you should make some assumption?  Could the coalescence be—except for some MOB things be zero? Should the—I’m just trying to get any sense of where we’d be, or if there’s a threshold that you’re looking at for initial yields, maybe you could just give me a little better sense of what your thinking is that would make it a pretty clear number?
Debra Cafaro: I would expect that on the property level, that you shouldn’t really assume any property-level MOB, or rather acquisitions for the balance of the year.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I’m talking about 2009. Just any sense of how you think about acquisition volumes for 2009, are you happy at zero? Is there a minimum yield that you’re trying to get to?
Raymond Lewis: Jerry, it’s Ray, I think if you looked at Debbie’s comments at the beginning of the call, I think basically what we’re trying to do is position ourselves for either outcome by having cash available on hand. So if the market continues as it is, liquidity is paramount as Debbie said, and that’s going to be our primary focus, but if the market recovers, we will have a good liquidity position to invest into that recovery. The challenge for us is, to sort of figure out when we think the market is recovering, and I’m not prepared to call that in 2009 as I sit here.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And in terms of the way you think about that, the signs we would look for would be opening up better costs on bank credit lines, or long-term debt? Or what are some of the key metrics that you focus on in terms of say the capital market settling down?
Debra Cafaro: We want to determine our long-term borrowing costs, which as you know, in real estate is going to really drive evaluations over time. And so we want to get a little more visibility on that because that should effect evaluations, it should affect our hurdle rate as we make investments, and as Dustin pointed out, if we make capital allocation decisions, we’ll be comparing those kinds of returns to allocating capital to buying in stock and other potential investments.  We’ll be looking at potentially internalizing an MOB platform, and what that would mean for potential returns going forward. So there’s a lot to think about, and I agree with Ray that it’s a little early to project what we think those returns or acquisition volumes or type would likely be in 2009.
Raymond Lewis: But Jerry you’re right, I mean a functioning debt market is going to be the condition precedent to a recovery.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, and preferably longer-term debt, not just credit lines or short-term stuff.
Raymond Lewis: I think that’s right.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just one last question. In terms of your ability—I’m assuming what you’re doing is refinancing, putting mortgage debt on the refinancing—you’re talking about the $100 million or whatever it was, coming up here. So how much unencumbered real estate do you have? How much more mortgage debt capacity debt would you have beyond that refi?
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have tons of unsecured assets of all types, including all of our Kindred assets and that’s because we have successfully become an investment great company, and we value that particularly in this kind of credit market, and we want to maintain a high level of unencumbered assets, and we will. On the senior housing front, alone, which is as you know, available for agency debt, which remains available and attractive, we’ve got about a billion and a half of unencumbered value at least, and so if we needed to, or wanted to tap that market, that would probably translate into borrowing capacity of about a billion or more.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And how much secured debt do you have outstanding? Right now?  
Debra Cafaro: We’ll have to get back to you on that. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. 
Debra Cafaro: We have the numbers on the supplemental, as well.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Oh, if it’s in the supplemental, I can look there. That’s fine. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. 
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, you’re welcome. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Afrasiabi of PIMCO. Please proceed.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Hey, there, how’re you doing?  
Debra Cafaro: Hi Mark.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Good. Hey, thanks . Just—could you maybe touch on Moody’s? Your rating there? You’re still high yield rated at Moody’s. I know they’re lagging S&P and Fitch and you guys got that investment grade a while ago at S&P and Fitch.   But what’s going on there at Moody’s? Is there any traction? When do you think that you’re really going to get to BBB at Moody’s?  
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that’s a question more appropriately for Moody’s than for us. We believe that all the efforts that we’ve made over the last years and our commitment to being an investment grade borrower have indeed put us in a position where we deserve investment grade ratings from all three agencies. As you know, we have investment grade ratings from two, and we continue to have a dialogue with Moody’s about upgrading us.  And again, we think we have the leverage, credit stats and diversification that should merit such an upgrade. As you know being at the largest bondholder in the world, the rating agencies are a little risk-averse right now and are not rushing to upgrade people. So we continue to make the case and I think eventually these results in the balance sheet will in fact be persuasive.  
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. And just a couple more. I mean that’s helpful. Yes, I know, we agree with that. And just on the 5.9 million loan loss reserve. Is that entirely on the property level operating expense line item?
Debra Cafaro: It is.  
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. And then you mentioned last quarter Manor Care and HCA were the bond—were the debt you were buying. It sounds like you’ve added some others into the fold, here, recently. What are the names of the credits you guys have been buying debt in, and have you also rolled in bank debt or you just buying bonds?
Debra Cafaro: It’s three hospital companies, and we’re looking at those leveraged loans and bonds.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. So the three hospital companies—did you say earlier they were all publicly traded?  
Debra Cafaro: They are; yes. 
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay. Great. And you won’t name them, but we can figure it out, I guess. 
Debra Cafaro: I’m sure PIMCO could figure it out, yes. 
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : So basically three publicly traded plus HCA. That would wrap up your hospital holdings?
Debra Cafaro: Exactly.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : And then just on the—there’ve been a lot of notes out there on cyclicality concerns around the Sunrise assets given they’re high end out of pocket. Can you just elaborate a bit on that in terms of the company’s downside scenarios?  I know it’s not your base case, but over the next year or so, if the economy continues to deteriorate, what do you think is a plausible potential occupancy level? Can you touch on occupancy in a macro of deterioration scenario and how you guys think about it? 
Debra Cafaro: You know, right now the store stable communities are 92% occupied, and that’s 72 of the 79 that we have. We really want to get some better visibility on the economy. Certainly the debt market has seemed to start improving and as we know that kind of led us in to where we are now, and hopefully will lead us out.  And so we believe that we’ll continue to have relatively stable—again, I think the senior housing operators including our portfolio and Sunrise are actually performing very creditably and better than almost every other real estate asset class in a pretty challenging environment. And I think it’s important for investors to realize that. So—
Raymond Lewis:  Mark, this is Ray Lewis. I think our last quarter certainly brought us as challenging an economic environment as we’ve seen in a long long time. I think if you look at our portfolio and the occupancy of our portfolio during that time period we would hope that that is some indication of the resiliency of our assets.  They’re need driven assets; they’re well located and I think what we’ve been able to do is use some promotional pricing to be able to get people to make that decision to move in rather than delay it. And that has been an effective strategy for us. And so we’re hoping that we’ll be able to continue to do that at the current economic challenges persist.  But again, I think as Debbie said, it’s difficult as we sit here now to figure out what all the potential impacts of a persistent economic downturn could be,. 
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Yes. No. Okay. Well, that’s helpful. Do you have any—could you maybe touch on whether you have any incidence of people trading down to lower price point properties or—is that a phenomenon? Or is the potential for occupancy declining more from just new demand essentially not showing up to fill your vacancy?  
Debra Cafaro: Again, occupancy went up sequentially in the same store stable portfolio. So what we’re seeing is occupancies going up in the third quarter and we’re just trying to be realistic about the fourth and saying look, we see these macro forces and we believe there isn’t a business in America—maybe other than bourbon here in Kentucky—that is not going to feel some effects from that.  But again, sequentially we saw occupancies in the Sunrise portfolio go up and we saw again, very strong rates, 5200 a month or something like that, for the portfolio. So I’ll be happy to discuss it in greater detail with you, but I think we need to take time with some of the other callers who are queued up.
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO : Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Sekino of Barclay’s Capital. Proceed.
Brian Sekino - Barclay’s Capital:  Good morning. This is Brian Sekino on behalf of Adam Feinstein. Thanks for taking my question. I actually just have one question left. It’s regarding your cash flow coverage. And looking at your supplementals, you have your senior housing at 1.3 times. Can you just give us some commentary on what kind of cushion you have there and where you maybe start getting concerned about the level of cash flow from the tenant? 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Again, these coverages have been market level coverages and quite stable for a while. These senior housing investments are in pools, multi-facility master leases that are the senior obligation in the tenant capital structures. Almost all of them are guaranteed by the parent.  And so we feel good about the reliability of those rents which are again supported both by cash flow at the asset, corporate credit and structural protection such as security deposits and other kinds of things. So we monitor this carefully but we feel comfortable, certainly, with where the coverages are.  
Brian Sekino - Barclay’s Capital: Okay. And do you have a level where you would start to get worried about the coverage? 
Debra Cafaro: You don't know me very well but I worry about everything, all the time. So at the present time, again, we feel good about the cash flows and the corporate commitment and the quality of the assets and the occupancies. So we expect that on a fairly stable basis to continue. 
Brian Sekino - Barclay’s Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of [Harv Tinker] of Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
[Harv Tinker] - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Oh, thank you, good morning. A question on Sunrise’s operations. Noticed that the daily rate declined sequentially slightly and same store margins were down year over year. Were those due to some of the factors you discussed earlier in the call, like promotional pricing, rise in operating expenses, decline in the Canadian dollar, or was there something else going on? 
Raymond Lewis : No I think those are the factors.  
[Harv Tinker] - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. Question on—the interest and other income line in Q3 more than doubled from Q1 and Q2. There’s some sort of one time item in that, or is this due to the debt investment income that you spoke about? 
Debra Cafaro: No, the debt investment income is in a separate line. And again you’ll see over time the other income line sort of going up and down. 
[Harv Tinker] - Morgan Keegan & Co.: So, the 1.9 billion in Q3, we shouldn’t look at that as a trend then?
Debra Cafaro: No, I mean, again, what I would do is look over time and you can see that kind of goes up and down. But, I would use maybe a Q2 run rate on that, something like that.
[Harv Tinker] - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. And, last question, also kind of housekeeping. G&A, as a set of revenues, excluding stock option expense, has gone from 2.7% in Q1 up to 3.5% in the third quarter. Now, can you, maybe, discuss what’s going on there?
Debra Cafaro: Yes we can. As Rick pointed out, there’s a couple million dollars of dead deal costs in the quarter. Which, as we mentioned, we’re keeping our investments very disciplined, and that was one outgrowth of those decisions.
[Harv Tinker] - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. That’s all my questions. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you.
Operator:  And, your next question comes from line of Tayo Okusanya of UBS. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS:  Yes, good morning. A lot of my questions have been covered, but one property type we really haven’t talked about that much is hospitals and LTACHs. Debbie, could you give us a sense of how you’re thinking about these properties, especially in light of the tough results that quite a few of the public hospitals have had this quarter?
Debra Cafaro: Okay, I’m happy to do that. The LTACHs, for those of you that don’t know, are long term acute care hospitals. They’re a specialty hospital that is essentially a freestanding sort of intensive care hospital that is part of the post acute continuum.  And, we have always had very good results and coverages with our long term acute care hospitals, and we expect that to continue. The hospitals did great in the first and second quarter, and had some volume reductions in the third.  But, as Kendra reported recently they’re already seeing increases in that and expect a better fourth quarter. So, those are assets we’ve gone for a long time they cover more than two and a half times, and we actually like them.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS:   Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. One more comment on that, just so you know some of the acute care hospitals also have things like bad debt issues and things like that, which, again, the long term acute care hospitals do not have. Because, they’ll have emergency room admittances and things like that.  So, it’s important to sort of understand the asset class and where it fits into the post acute sector. And, perhaps, even to review Kendra’s earnings call so you can see where those expectations on the portfolio are going.  We’ll take the next question now, Becky.
Operator:  Thank you, and your next question comes from the line of Chris Pike of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Good morning everybody. 
Debra Cafaro: Hi Chris.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I think you guys answered my question. I just want to be square on, I guess this is just a follow-up to Rich’s question, I think, the PIMCO question. So, I see the contingent reversal in the P&L and I guess based upon one answer in the loan provision, being that it’s baked into property ops, that’s why you’re adding it back on the reconciliation to FFO?
Debra Cafaro: No, we’re adding it back because essentially the reversal of the contingent liability and the loan loss allowance are essentially non-returning, effectively noncash items at this point.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: But, the provision loss, it appears it’s baked into the property operating expenses?
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it is.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, then it is one time in nature. So, if we’re thinking about things from a sequential run rate perspective that has to be reversed in forward quarters?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I guess, a follow-up to Karen’s earlier question regarding some type of negative corporate event at Sunrise. Ownership interest in the properties in which you are joint venture partners, can you just remind us how and what would happen there, to the extent there is a negative corporate event? Or, would that be more along the lines of court or procedural type issues?
Debra Cafaro:  Okay, well, yes, as Chris is pointing out, Sunrise has 20% interest in about 60 of our assets. And, those partnerships, in the event of a negative corporate Sunrise event would remain in place. And, we are the managing member of those partnerships, and so they should not be really affected by any kind of negative event. And, we control the partnerships and so on. So, I hope that answers your question.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess I’m just wondering if, in the most dire situation, would you be able to buy out the percentage of the assets that you don’t already own? Or, once again, would that have to go to some type of court and it’s more of a function of procedure, rather then let’s say a right of first refusal or something along those lines?
Debra Cafaro: Well, there are myriad contractual provisions that would apply to this. But, we could theoretically buy those consensually. There are normal partnership squeeze down provisions, for example, where we could become the owner of those 20% interests, if there was a Sunrise bankruptcy for example.  And, again, I think it’s interesting because we believe that Sunrise has billable assets, they have very limited of near term debt maturities. And, these 20% minority interests they own in some of our assets could be a source of consensual liquidity for them that really could help them meet some of their near term liquidity needs.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just a follow-up to one of your comments and respect to acid allocation. It sounds to me anyway, and tell me if I’m thinking about this and a fair way, that you, alongside your publicly traded peers, you’re going to be investing in what you think our top notch operators.  So, from an acid allocation perspective, the systemic issues that may be impacting seniors housing or LTACHs, or ALFs or ILFs, or whatever segment we’re really thinking about, it’s really more of a systemic issue. And, from your perspective, diversification really starts across segment and then filters down to other areas. Is that fair?
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely. I mean, I think, because what you find is if you have one nursing home tenant or 20 nursing home tenants when there’s a change in nursing home reimbursement up or down, that’s all correlated.  So, what we’ve been seeking is balance in the portfolio that we think comes most significantly from asset class and payor type of diversification. And, we think that creates the greatest reliability in forward cash flow, and that has proven to be the case.  I think what we’re talking about on this call is that in times of extreme stress on the economy, or in the financial system, you basically find across all investment pipes, across all sectors, you find high degrees of correlation, for that hasn’t existed before. And, so we’re in a somewhat unique environment, but we do believe, as you said, it’s the asset class diversification that provides the greatest reliability.  That’s what we’ve worked on most significantly, and that’s why we’re continuing to expand our medical office building portfolio.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just really quick because I know everyone’s got to hop here. But, with respect to margins, I know you have expectations for maybe a lower growth rate on the operating side with respect to your Sunrise assets expense expected to come in line, so hopefully those two assumptions are fair, can you kind of providers will your margin expectations are in this type of environment versus what you would consider a more normalized environment for both rate and occupancy?
Raymond Lewis:  Yeah, Chris, this is Ray. I think in a normalized environment we sort of book for margins that are between 30 and 35% on average. So, you could expect that in a more difficult environment you would tend towards the lower end of that range.  It’s also important to remember when we talked about, the assets when we originally made the acquisition, that we had a very long view of the assets and that we said that there would be more variability in the performance. So, when you’re looking quarter to quarter you may see things move inside or outside of that range, you really need to look at multiple quarters and trend lines in order to sort of smooth out those quarterly effects.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and I guess there’s still seasonality within the 30 to 35 as we move through the year as well.
Raymond Lewis: Sure. 
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, folks, I appreciate it.
Raymond Lewis: Thanks, Chris.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. We appreciate it. Just a follow-up to (01:25:52) question. In the fourth quarter we bought back $120 million of our senior notes.  So, since there aren’t any other questions I want to say thank you again to all of our investors and participants for joining today’s call. We, as always, sincerely appreciate your interest in the company and I really want to let you all know that you can continue to count on the Ventas management team to use all of our collective experience and balance sheet strength for your benefit, through the balance of 2008 and beyond.  For those of you that will be in California, we look forward to continuing our dialogue with you when we see you at the NARI (ph) conference later this month.  So, thanks again to all, and hope to see you soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. (Operator Instructions). Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: T. Richard Riney - EVP, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Richard A. Schweinhart - EVP and CFO Raymond J. Lewis - EVP and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: David Toti - Citigroup Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co. Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers Tayo Okusanya - UBS Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Ventas Second quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Silvana and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We would be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a remainder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today Mr. T. Richard Riney, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. You may proceed sir.
T. Richard Riney - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary: Thank you, good morning everyone. Welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement yesterday regarding its results for quarter ended June 30th, 2008. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions, and certain other statements to be made during this conference call, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements, and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is that of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly, any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note the quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measures contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Debra Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rick, good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings call. I am pleased to be joined in Chicago by my Ventas colleagues. Ventas's balance sheet and operations are continuing to perform well, despite the sobering conditions in the financial, economic and housing market. We are finding selected healthcare investment opportunities of manageable size from the credit list dislocation that should provide our shareholders with excellent risk adjusted returns. And we are maintaining our full year normalized FFO guidance of $2.75 to $2.82 per diluted share. For the quarter our earnings were excellent and our liquidity position and balance sheet remain exceptionally strong. Today we'll discuss our earning portfolio performance and expectations for the balance of the year. After Rick Schweinhart reports on our financial results, we'll be happy to take your questions. This quarter normalized FFO per share was $0.71, a 4% increase over the first quarter. During the quarter, we sold assets that generated a gain of over $26 million we also reached an agreement to sell five senior housing assets in a transaction that will likewise result in a gain on sale. The pending sale price of $62.5 million represents an attractive cap rate of 6.5% on operator EBITDAR at the assets and our rents. Those transactions provide liquidity for us to recycle into attractive investment opportunities. On the investment front, we have recently made about $173 million of new investments, these include a newly opened medical office building that was in lease up during the second quarter and should generate un-levered yields to Ventas of over 9%. And as we foreshadowed in prior conversations with you we also purchased two pieces of healthcare debt at a discount this quarter. We are currently in an interesting investment market because debt returns, which are safer than equity returns can exceed equity cap rate in certain selected situations. This is principally due to the desire by lenders to sell debt securities even when the debt is excellent quality, well secured and high performing. So this inversion of normal investment metrics makes us interested in buying or originating limited amounts of health care debt because we believe it can provide our shareholders with the superior risk adjusted return. Our goal is to make manageable, multiple investments in quality health care operating companies, where we believe we are in safe capital structure collateral and repayment position. With that as background, this quarter we purchased $112.5 million principal amount of debt in skilled nursing provider Manor Care, for a substantial discount. The loan piece we acquired is secured by a first mortgage on 339 assets and represent 38% loan to value on those assets. So it is very secure with great cash flow coverage of over three and a half times. The unlevered yield to maturity is 533 basis points over LIBOR. Likewise, we purchased $50 million principal amount of corporate debt in HCA, a premier national hospital company for less than $45 million. This HCA investment should produce un-levered yields to maturity of over 9%. Please note that we are not trying to time a bottom or trade debt securities, rather we are averaging into a dislocated debt market in a measured way, in companies and assets we understand and know, working with motivated sellers of the debt and taking advantage of opportunities we seek to produce superior risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Turning to a portfolio review, our triple-net lease assets continued to perform well. The Ventas triple-net lease portfolio is stable and secure, with solid occupancies and cash flow to rent coverages across the spectrum at independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals. Our triple-net lease portfolio of 416 assets accounts for 54% of our revenues and 76% of our NOI. A particular note: Kindred just reported an excellent second quarter to follow its great first one. Kindred's management deserves a lot of credit for operating the company so well and focusing on quality care for patients. It is also very gratifying to see that Kindred and Ventas can succeed at the same time, which is a goal both management teams have worked long and hard to accomplish. Specifically reporting on our 203 Kindred healthcare assets, the cash flow coverages at our four Kindred master leases are excellent at 2.2 times. Kindred's full balance sheet stands behind its rent obligations to us. And the combination of long-term acute care hospitals with skilled nursing assets in our master leases, provides additional reliability to our forward cash flows. In May, our Kindred annual rent increased by $7 million or 3%. As an additional benefit to our Kindred portfolio, CMS recently announced that the skilled nursing care providers will receive a 3.4% rate increase for fiscal year 2009, which begins October 1, 2008. Obviously this is a positive development for both Kindred and Ventas. All in all then, we are quite pleased with our diversified triple-net lease portfolio, which is delivering steady reliable growing cash flow from a variety of tenant operators and asset types. Next I would like to discuss our operating portfolio. Our 79 Sunrise assets and our medical office buildings provides a granular highly diversified revenue streams in our portfolio. Because we received the benefit of NOI in these assets, overtime they should also give us a lift in earnings and a classic real estate inflation hedge. We first want to review our Sunrise portfolio, which is principally composed of need-based mansion style assisted living communities developed by Sunrise. These communities account for 42% of our revenue and 19% of our total NOI. The headline is that these 79 high quality private paid senior living communities are producing solid results in a difficult market. During the first half of the year, total community NOI exceeded $71 million. Our pool of stable Sunrise asset now consist of 74 communities. For those 74 stable Sunrise communities, second quarter 2008 average daily rate was up 5.5% year-over-year and essentially flat, sequentially. Occupancy debt in Q2 2008 from 92% to 91% in the stable portfolio. We are currently seeing a modest up-tick in occupancies in our stable communities during July. We are encouraged by this upward trend, but it is too soon to determine whether the trend will continue for the second half of the year. We also have five new Sunrise communities leased up, including the large independent living asset in Toronto, known as Steeles. Importantly, these five leased up communities we owned for the full first and second quarter of 2008 showed excellent second quarter results. NOI increased in these five assets by 131% in the second quarter to $1.2 million, versus $0.5 million dollars in the first quarter. Breaking out the four U.S. mansion assisted living communities in leased up pool. These four communities showed a sequential occupancy increase of 5 percentage points, going to 75% in the second quarter, versus 70% in the first. Our new Steeles independent living community in Toronto, which is in early stage leased up is progressing nicely. The community is 50% occupied within one year of opening, consistent with our earlier projections, we expect this asset to be cash flow positive by late 2008 and to stabilize in mid to late 2010. So to sum up, Sunrise the first half NOI performance of our 79 communities is generally tracking our expectations. Occupancies were lower in the second quarter due to general economic conditions, but shows signs of improvement. And we are looking toward a generally consistent NOI performance from the portfolio in the second half of the year assuming stable economic conditions. If our communities produce that results, 2008 Sunrise NOI will fall within the $140 million to $145 million of guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. Touching briefly on the medical office building portion of our portfolio, it contributed about $3.5 million of NOI to Ventas during the second quarter of 2008, and average occupancies have increased sequentially. Our medical office building portfolio accounts for 3% of our revenue and about 2.5% of our NOI. It includes 20 assets mostly on campus containing approximately 1.1 million square feet. On the investment front, we continue to see plenty of opportunities, large and small across the spectrum of healthcare and senior housing real estate. We are being selective in determining what to invest in, when to invest, and what to pay. We are being patient while asset level pricing, debt costs and operating fundamentals come into focus. Among other things, the medical office building joint venture we discussed last quarter is producing identified development opportunities that we are currently underwriting. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility in 2008. We expect to make selected additional investments during the second half of the year to continue to move the company forward and create value for our shareholders. Our goal remains to provide our shareholders with consistent superior return in the context of a sustainable, profitable and low risk enterprise. With that I'll be happy to turn the call over to Rick for the review of our financial results. And then we'll open the call for questions. Thank you.
Richard A. Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Debbie. Second quarter 2008 normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.71, compared to $0.70 in last year's second quarter and $0.68 in the first quarter of 2008. Second quarter results were better than the first quarter, mainly due to improved triple-net lease revenue due to escalations, improved Sunrise NOI well developed by decreases in property level of expenses. Our $1.6 million lease termination payment fee increases in loans receivable and investment income. Less interest expense slightly offset by higher G&A and increased share count due to our February equity rates. Second quarter FAD per diluted share were $0.68, compared to $0.65 in last year second quarter and $0.64 in the first quarter. Normalized FFO this quarter totaled $98.7 million, compared to $82.1 million in the second quarter of last year and $92.4 million in the first quarter of this year. Normalized FFO and earnings are reported after deducting minority interest. Normalized FFO for the second and first quarters of 2008 and the second quarter of 2007 exclude the net benefit of $4 million, $10 million, and $6 million respectively of income tax benefits and merger related items. Normalized FFO increased $17 million from last year's second quarter, recently due to acquisitions. Revenue increased $42 million; of that $6 million was due to rent increases and $36 million due to Sunrise properties, resident rental and services fees. Normalized FFO increased $6 million from the first quarter of 2008. Revenues increased $2 million with resident rental and services fees, basically flat. And rent escalations in MOB revenues accounting for the increase. Sunrise property level expenses totaled $69.3 million for the second quarter and $143.6 million for the first half of the year. Second quarter expenses benefited from property level expense credits and expense reconciliations such as property taxes, insurance, and corporate allocations. Interest expense was essentially flat with the second quarter of 2007. Interest expense decreased $400,000 from the first quarter of 2008, due to repayment of debt. Our second quarter effective interest rate of 6.6% improved slightly from 6.7% in the second quarter of 2007 and was flat with first quarter of 2008. General, administrative and professional fees including stock-based compensation for the second quarter of 2008 totaled $9.6 million, consistent with our expectation of $36 million to $40 million annually. On February 1, 2008 we issued $4.5 million common shares producing net proceeds to the company of $192 million. As a result weighted average diluted shares grew to $138.7 million in the second quarter, up from $136.7 million shares in the first quarter of 2008. We currently have $93 million outstanding on our $850 million revolving credit agreement and unused capacity of over $750 million. Our debt to total capitalization is excellent at 36% at quarter end and our net debt to pro forma EBITDA is 5.2 times. Our guidance for 2008 remains between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. Our key assumptions remain the same. The total Sunrise NOI from our 79 assets range from a $140 million to $145 million and SG&A extends approximately $36 million to $40 million. Our guidance does not include other unannounced acquisition or divesture activity. Our second quarter showed stable growing results and we look forward to continued stability and modest growth during the balance of 2008. Operator, we will now take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. You may proceed, sir.
David Toti - Citigroup: Hi, this is David Toti here.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
David Toti - Citigroup: Thank you. Couple of questions around the balance sheet, what you believe is your sort of maximum capacity or appetite for structured finance portfolio at the top end?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Are you asking us what our capacity is or our appetite for making investments in debt?
David Toti - Citigroup: Yes. Basically, if you are buying debt pieces and pieces of the capital structure; how do you see that portfolios popping out or maturing?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, David, this is Ray Lewis. I think as Debbie mentioned in her opening remarks, we think there is a good opportunity in the market right now to generate good risk adjusted returns for our shareholders by investing in debt. That having been said I mean it will always be a relatively small portion of our portfolio, and I don't foresee us really having any more than say 5% of our total value in a debt portfolio at any one point in time.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. Are there loan loss reserves established for these?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are really at the leading edge of this program; and so as required, we would establish reserves. But at this present time, there are none.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay. And then I'm just sort of moving over to sort of a transaction environment; are you seeing an increase in sort of distressed opportunities across respect from of investment areas?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean the areas, the healthcare areas that we participate in, skilled nursing, hospitals, independent and assisted living and medical office by and large are showing good defensive characteristics and are generally performing quite well. So there are very limited, if any, distressed opportunities in our sector unlike some of the more classic commercial real estate basis.
David Toti - Citigroup: Okay, yes that was my expectation as well. And just a sought of a detail question relative to some of the debt that you purchased; I think it was the $100 million piece. That appears to have a higher yield than some of the debt that was structured in the same transaction that's lower in the capital structure, can you provide some color on that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We can, I mean again I think we are trying to be patient about our acquisition opportunities although again not timing the market just waiting to see when we can buy manageable slices of what we believe are really secure debt pieces at returns that we think are attractive. The market changes everyday in these securities and so we are trying to make intelligent manageable investment.
David Toti - Citigroup: Great, thanks for the color I will get back in the queue. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, David; thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. First just a question on Sunrise, you mentioned that you have some expense declines there and the margin improved quite a bit sequentially. Is that a trend or is that just a one-time event that happened in the quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the way we are looking at it, Karin, is that we are sort of expecting a full year of NOI to be in this sort of 140 to 145 range, and so we would expect that margins would go back to a more normalized level in the second half.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. Second question is on the guidance. You had a good quarter, you had the lease termination fee and you made some pretty attractive investments. Just curious to why you left guidance the same, and what if anything offset some of the positive things that may have moved guidance somewhere upward?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the reason, that we kept guidance the same is that we are trying to give the market our best expectation of where the year is going to out as it always is and that's really the range where we expect our earnings in FFO to come in. And in terms of... if we expect a sort comparable second half from Sunrise to the first half and we had already included in our guidance originally the investment of about 150 million cash that we had on hand. So, it would really take additional investments to kind of move the needle. And if we find those, and then that will be great and we will advice the market at that time.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay fair enough, final question the credit statistics that you gave on the mortgaged debt investment was really helpful. Do you have similar or any type of credit type indications you can give us on the HCA debt?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We can, I mean those are corporate bonds, so it's different... a little bit little animal, [ph] but in terms of the company HCA itself they have interest coverage of over two times and they're about six times levered. So they're doing quite well and obviously the premier hospital company in the nation. So we feel good about that as well.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karin.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Mains from Morgan Keegan. You may proceed
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Yes. Excuse me thanks. Good morning. I just a follow up on the question on Sunrise NOI. Could you either, I don't know if you can quantify or just give a little bit more depth into what went into the expense reductions or I guess those were reductions, but kind of reverse those in the quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I think Rick touched on those; they are basically things like property taxes, insurance and so on.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: What happened was that they were closed or were reversed, what exactly caused the expense to go down?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, again basically as we told, when we acquired the portfolio, we expect the quarters to be lumpy, and we are really looking at this portfolio and the NOI performance over the course of the year. And so basically we are expecting sort of we had $71 million NOI, sort of first half and then we are expecting sort of a comparable second half on the NOI line.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Right. I understand. I just wonder if this seasonal pattern we should be looking or is this kind of like...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, again I think it's expected lumpiness and I think you'll see sort of revenues and expenses, both trend a little higher in the second half.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan & Co.: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Yes, thanks, and good morning everybody.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Rich.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Rich.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: In terms of REIT, do you now take the assets out of your TRS and free up space there? And if so is there any financial impact as a result of that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good question for those of you who are not REIT geek like I am; the idea is...
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: You are not calling me a geek, are you?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I called myself one.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Theidea is to build that would just pass to benefit the REIT industry that had a number of positives in it among them, the tax free subsidiary cap is raised from 20% to 25% of you total value. And in addition, there was healthcare prong up the statute that gives healthcare REITs structuring benefit as we go forward. And some more tax efficiency and planning. And when we acquired Sunrise, we were able to do under existing law and in compliance with existing law. But as Rich alertly points out, I think the idea will give us a benefit of moving some of the assets around internally to create a more tax efficient structure over the long term. So we won't see any immediate financial impact but over a longer period of time it will result in more tax efficiency.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And just on the topic of Sunrise, you guys are really into the mansion product, but can you comment about how the Sunrise business is done across its different price points and where mansion might stack or some of the lower quality types of products?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Sure Rich, this is Ray, I think that if you've listened to Sunrise's comments recently, you will know that they are really refocusing their efforts on the mansion product going forward. And I think that it speaks to the fact that is sort of the best product in their portfolio primarily because it's a purpose built product around the Sunrise operating model. It tends to be the case of our portfolio. It is located in high period entry infill locations and major metropolitan markets. As the consequence, you tend to see the mansion portfolio and if you look at ours as an example generating higher average daily rates, performing a little bit better in absolute occupancy. And so I think that speaks well to the quality of that product type relative to their other products.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. A small one here. But I think I saw this right that merger related costs, even though it's on your nominal measure, normalized measure of FFO. But it went up second quarter versus the first. Why did that happen? And is there anyone to take from that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I can answer that quite simply. In that line is our litigation costs, rising out of the merger and so now that we are in full swing of discovery. Those costs are going up that's why.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: You mentioned that your plans to sell five assets to a current tenant, seems like you are not... does that tenant... does it start with the letter K?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No... no, it doesn't. But if you would like to buy a vallow [ph]... no it doesn't. It doesn't.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and then last is on medical office, with 3% of the portfolio it really seems like this has been an area, where you probably wanted to be bigger by this time in medical, correct me if I am wrong on that. But it just seems like that has been a part of the investment conversation for the past year or so. And still pretty small percentage of the total. Are you sort of happy with this or are you frustrated that you are not, just like, say 10% of your business at medical office. I mean can you comment on that... on the environment and what sort of slowed it down?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Well, I think Rich, you are right. I think if you to ask me a year ago, I would have said we probably would be a little bigger than we are right now. But we are being patient and we are focusing on opportunities that build important relationships that will help us to grow this portfolio in the future. And more importantly, focusing on doing deals that are going to make money for our shareholders. So I am actually happy with where we are. We have a number of good relationships that have led to multiple transactions we announced. Development deal in the first quarter. We are making progress. We are doing the things that we want to do and we are well positioned when we find those good opportunities to count on them. So it's a patient strategy. I'm pleased with what we are doing. And hopefully as we continue to execute, the portfolio size will grow and profitability will follow.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And maybe just a quick follow-on. What would you... how would you quantify your existing dry powder today as we progress?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we saw it basically less than $100 million of spending on the revolver and the capacity there is 850. And in addition, our credit stats are about five times debt to EBITDA. So that looks pretty good and has leverage capacity as well. So, I think we are in pretty good shape there.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I feel really good about the balance sheet and I continue to think that, it's going to be an important differentiator as we go through the rest of 2008.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So, maybe over 1 billion of dry powder?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 1 billion probably is a good estimate.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel Nicolaus, you may proceed.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Good morning. I just had a couple of things. A lot has been covered. I think, on the Sunrise relationship, I was curious how are you are feeling about development, whether we would expect you to buy any new deals in the second half?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good question, Jerry. As you know we have an exclusive right of first offer to acquire everything Sunrise developed in Canada, and also in selected defined geographies around our U.S. assets. And we are thrilled about that. And we continue to believe that Sunrise is a great developer, particularly of the mansion product. It was interesting, Mark Ordan said on Sunrise's call that capital is really in this environment asking for robust yields on development. And we are looking at things with them, and we'd be happy to do developments that meet our return expectations and that we think will be good development. So it is possible we will do some with Sunrise, going forward. And I think highly likely, although not necessarily within a specific narrow time period. But I think it's highly likely over time that we will partner with them on transaction.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And you're right. It's not, a certain fixed deal. It just depends somewhat on market condition are.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. We think that they'll develop some good asset over time and that we'll be able to participate in that for the benefit of our shareholders.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And then just TRS, sort of coming back to that, I mean you talked about restructuring the existing deal. Just any thoughts about how it my used, go forward, kind of things you would think about think about doing.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean yes. The most important thing say though is that right here makes the healthcare REIT just like lodging REIT and neither healthcare REIT nor lodging REITs will be able to operate asset, healthcare assets, except through an independent eligible contract or as we do now with our Sunrise relationship. So we see this is as structuring advantage in deals were we might want to have the REIT through the TRS center into a management contract under the right circumstances, but we believe in the model that we have as a healthcare REIT and has offered investors and great risk reward proposition over the past ten years. And so I don't expect RIET exchanges really to result in material changes and how we operate our business. But it does give us a little bit of structuring, flexibility, cap sufficiency which we would hope to use to good advantage over time.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: And the results didn't change I think in the international figments too. And we definitely make something like Chartwell, potentially an easier acquisition both because of TRS and some of the other things.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We will let you study that one.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: But it makes REIT operator deals potentially more likely, is that fair to say?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: What you mean by that Jerry? I just want to make sure.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Well, you could acquire somebody's spin-off may be the manager in a private subsidy and capture upside.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean we could sort of do that now. I mean it's a sort of a classic prob so up, so cost structure is sort of for Ventas.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Right.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Which is where the assets are held.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's where the assets are held and how the relationship between the two is structured, is it a lease, is it a... how is it structured and...
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: But using a line interest better, because you can both share an income now, which you couldn't really do before, your share in bottom line.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In appropriate circumstances.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay, that's fine. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Adam Feinstein from Lehman Brothers. You may proceed.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Adam.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Just a few questions here; I guess just in terms of future assets sales, just in terms of your thoughts there. I know you guys haven't put an official number out for the year in terms of the asset sales. But just, what are your thoughts, you just talked a little about your though process on buying assets, but just curious in terms of selling off additional assets and then I've got a couple of follow-up questions.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have been opportunistic in our asset sales program overtime. And many of the sales, not all, but many of them have been to operators in sort of win-win arrangements with them. And, we're not planning any kind of mass disposition over the balance of 2008. But we'll continue to prove and improve the portfolio and hopefully do some opportunistic things. But I don't think you should pencil in a huge amount or anything like that.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay, all right. And then just, I just wanted to get your thoughts in terms of senior housing. Obviously a lot of noise out there with respect to occupancy rates and just the impact that the economy is having on the senior housing sector. It sounds like your operators are still doing pretty well, but just curious to get your thoughts there in terms of how you think about that and would you have an interest in taking down your exposure to senior housing in the future, meaning to the extent you are going to put capital work would you be inclined to invest being away from senior housing, could you do a big concentration there?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we believe in senior housing and we have... most of our senior housing is in the triple-net leases. And we've seen good solid continued performance in that portfolio with some impact from the economy in the housing market really at the margin. But again in the triple-net lease structure is set up to expect operating changes. And then on the Sunrise front, we have seen, again good solid occupancies, the higher acuity product is really need based and we do believe in the business and in the growth of the business over a long period of time. I am going to turn it over to Ray; I think you'll see us continue to grow in other areas as well as senior housing.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, I mean, I think just to add to what Debbie is saying. I think the senior housing space has by enlarge exhibited pretty good resiliency in this economy. And as Debbie particularly in the need driven assisted living area. Medical office continues to be attractive from an operating fundamental standpoint. We are continuing to make investments there and allocate capital there when we find deals that are priced appropriately. I think if we look at some of the other areas certainly skilled nursing has looked attractive recently and given the fact that re-imbursements have been stable and improving over the near term and the fact that we still have a relatively modest exposure to that space. That's attractive area for us. And then you know on the hospital front, we still think that over the long run, there is going to be a need for a tremendous amount of capital there to upgrade the real estate and technology infrastructure and re-financing can be a source of capital to help the hospital space to do that. So I wouldn't say there is any decrease in the appetite to senior's housing. And we continue to be interactive in the other areas as well.
Adam Feinstein - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you for the details, great quarter.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from UBS. You may proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Yes, good morning. Well between Bob, Jerry, and Rich, all my questions have been answered. But congratulations on a great quarter.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thanks, Tayo.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for joining, Tayo.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rosemary Pugh from Green Street Advisors. You may proceed.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Yes, Rosemary Pugh speaking. My first question is related to the triple-net senior housing portfolio. I am particularly interested in how the independent living properties are performing in recent months and what your outlook is and I know you have talked about the portfolio in general, but how much would you... in your sensitivity analysis, how much would occupancy need to drop before your cash flow coverage covenants are crossed?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the IO is a small portion of our triple-net portfolio. And we've seen, again like relatively steady occupancies across AO and IO and the triple-net, maybe going down a percentage point over the last year or so. And remember that in most of these cases and actually all of the cases, all of the assets are combined in master leases with guarantees and so on. And so we feel really good about the reliability of our cash flow, rents in the triple-net portfolio going forward.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then related to the Sunrise portfolio, how are incentives such as free rents or waving of move in and community fees that counted for in the monthly rent numbers. So when you calculate average daily rate on a same store basis, is that including these sorts of concessions net of these?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi Rosemary, this Ray. There is a number of factors that go into average daily rate, one of which is equity of the residence mix. Obviously if you have people receiving more and higher levels of services on your average daily rate will vary upwards on that. But with regards to targeted move in incentives, we do have some of that in our portfolio to in selected communities to fill some vacant units. It's really geared around optimizing NOI, and making sure that we are leveraging the fixed overhead in the communities. So there is some of that going on I wouldn't say it's widespread.
Rosemary Pugh - Green Street Advisors: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Pike from Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Good morning everybody.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Chris.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. I guess you said you saw an uptick in the operating portfolio in July. Was that broad based or did you see any geographic focus? I guess I am just trying to get a further read across occupancy and the relationship to housing and the economy?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good, I mean I think... I will comment on that broadly and it does seem to be a relatively widespread phenomenon. Again it's something that we are waiting to see whether it's going to be a trend that's going to hold through the balance of the year. But across operators really and across product types, I think what we are seeing is the second quarter was softer than expected on occupancies, and still trending down. But then you did see in July some steady pickup. And I think HCP said on its call yesterday that they had talked to a wide variety of operators and that that all of them had seen the same trend. And so it doesn't appear to be in pockets. It appears to be a broader base trend.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, but...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And the question is, will it continue as we look through the balance of '08.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. But then once again with respect to your portfolio, the sequential changes in 2Q are really with respect to just the operating assets and like or similar to some of your peers, any other, say out trends or in off trends are really based upon 1Q data, because... yes.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The triple-net is always... yes, the triple-net always lags a quarter.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But some other senior housing operators to our public had started to report. And I think they are... to the extent they are reporting... they've been saying similar things.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess following to Rich's question with respect to increase in merger costs relating to certain litigation efforts I guess... and just from a reporting prospective because of you definition of normalized and the white paper version of FFO, so if you were to be fruitful at any proceeds from your litigations efforts, would that be stripped out of your defined normalized FFO being you are not including them at this point?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well,I would consider that as a high class problem, and so I don't have any answer for you yet. That will be yet to be determined.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But it's a good question; we will give it some thought.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess just lastly with respect to Steeles, and I don't know if you can really use this as a witness across lease up in general. But I guess the way that I calculated maybe its like nine units or nine residents per month, per quarter of lease up and that's pretty consistent Q1 and Q2. Are there any attributes of those residents, who are coming in that are either surprising or that are worth noting whether it be the age, the equity, maybe the time in terms of shopping and then finally signing? Is there anything there to draw conclusions from?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: A couple of comments I want to remind everyone Steeles is independent living, a very large asset. It's in Toronto. So we are happy to answer your questions, but it may have limited applicability to other situations either in our portfolio or across the industry. We had projected sort of nine or ten move ins as you point each month during the first year and then have that start leveling to a lower level over the next couple of years as we look towards stabilization in late 2010. We did see with the... with the regional head of Canada. Recently the residents who are moving in are consistent with I think the Sunrise, a profile which is a higher income residence in the case of Steeles healthier and interested in some of the programs that Sunrise has there for healthy ageing and so on. So again, it's kind of a unique situation that may not be... we may not be able to have broad lessons to derive.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chris.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Hank Farris [ph] from Liberty Mutual. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You indicated as you talked about the investments unlevered returns, so you are using leverage beyond the balance sheet on those investments.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There is no balance sheet leverage.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and how are sourcing those ideas?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have lots of relationship built up in healthcare and in finance over a very long periods of time. And so many of them are just coming to us and we are fairly now a few.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there any intention or desire to use some of these investments strategically beyond sort of the debt of the companies you are investing in?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: This is not a loan to own strategy; I want to be clear about that. This is a desire to make safe investments with what we believe to be superior risk adjusted returns arising out of a dislocated debt market. So hopefully that answers your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and the piece of Manor Care that you bought, that's the CMBS piece?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's the first mortgage piece at about 38% loan to value.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It matures in January 2012, I think.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, because there is operating company piece as well that's sort of much more distant from the assets.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: That's right.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, this is defiantly the mortgage... first mortgage piece.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our question is a follow-up question from Michael Bilerman from Citi. You may proceed.
David Toti - Citigroup: Hi, it's David again. Debbie, this question is for you, and I am not sure how far you want to sort of jump into this. But could you talk a little bit about your thoughts on the potential 2009 impact of shift towards Democratic control?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Dave. That's a good question. We have found after doing fairly exhausted research that a change in administration has had little impact on the performance of the operators over time. So, Republican or Democratic, it really hasn't had a major impact there are positives and negatives of both. And so, it's hard to draw any macro conclusions if indeed there is a Democratic administration.
David Toti - Citigroup: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. We are glad to have you on board, David. And I want to thank everyone who joined today's call. I know it's been a long earning season, and we really appreciate your interest in our company. We hope you enjoy the rest of your summer. And we look forward to seeing you when the fall conferences pick in. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: T. Richard Riney - EVP, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Richard A. Schweinhart - EVP and CFO Raymond J. Lewis - EVP and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2008 Ventas earnings conference call. My name is Heather and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. T. Richard Riney, Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Ventas. Please proceed, sir.
T. Richard Riney - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary: Thank you, Heather. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement yesterday regarding its results for the quarter-ended March 31, 2008. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions, and certain other statements to be made during this conference call, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current beliefs, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, certainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, and the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC for a discussion of these forward-looking statements, and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation and its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ventasreit.com. I will now turn the call over to Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rick and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants and welcome to our first quarter 2008 earnings call. We are very pleased with our first quarter results and the strong condition of our company. Overall, our normalized FFO per share of $0.68 for the quarter is slightly ahead of where we expected to be. Our Sunrise portfolio NOI is in line with our projection. Our liquidity position and balance sheet at 34% debt-to-enterprise value are exceptional, and our deal pipeline is very active, with strategic and accretive opportunities. When we spoke to you in February about our outlook for 2008, I said that we were cautiously optimistic about the year. Now, I would say that we are optimistically cautious. This improvement in our outlook is based upon the opening of the debt market, albeit at widespread, and the sense that some buyers and sellers are narrowing the bid/ask gap that has postponed transition activity so far this year. Today, we will discuss our earnings portfolio performance and expectations for the balance of the year. After our CFO Rick Schweinhart reports in our financial results, we will be happy to take your questions. First, normalized FFO per share grew 3% versus Q4 of 2007 at $0.68 this quarter. As I mentioned, this result was slightly ahead of our expectations. We have also today reaffirmed our 2008 guidance of between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. As we always have, we intend to dedicate our efforts for the rest of 2008 to driving earnings and cash flows for the benefit of our shareholders, while we continue to build an excellent high performing enterprise. In the second half of 2007 and the first quarter of this year, we built liquidity and financial strength by expanding our revolving credit facility to $850 million and by raising almost $200 million in equity. And recently, we sold $68 million in healthcare assets, generating a $24 million gain. All of these actions put us in a great position to ride out the problems in the credit market to get a head start on upcoming debt maturity and to invest opportunistically. Turning to our portfolio review, our triple-net lease assets continue to perform well, with stable occupancies and solid cash flow to rent coverages across the spectrum of independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals through December 31, 2007. A key takeaway here is that our triple-net tenants continue to perform well. In fact, Kindred just yesterday reported an excellent first quarter, which should strengthen our healthcare asset triple-net lease metric when we report next quarter. It is important to remember that these triple-net lease investments are designed to provide our shareholders with good, steady, predictable cash flow growth, as well as significant cash flow coverage, credit and security. We expect to see changes in occupancies and operator cash flows at properties and to receive our rents irrespective of ebbs and flows in asset level occupancies and EBITDARM experienced by our tenant operators from economic or reimbursement changes. Touching quickly on Medicare reimbursement, the headline here is that we have good visibility into Medicare rate for skilled nursing facilities and long-term acute care hospitals through the fourth quarter of 2009. On the SNF side, SNFs will receive a 3.1% "market basket" increase offset by a 3.3% decrease due to administrative changes in their Medicare rate effective October 1, 2008. This would result in essentially flat year-over-year Medicare reimbursement for SNF, if adopted, as proposed. These rules are subject to a 60-day comment period and maybe improved as a result of industry efforts. At Ventas, we have been projecting a zero percent increase in SNFs Medicare rate and the corresponding compressions in operator EBITDARM. So, as the landlord at the top of the capital structure, we are quite comfortable with the CMS proposal and are pleased with the forward certainty it provides. For the LTAC, net Medicare rates were increased about 2.5% for the 15 months period, beginning July 1, 2008 and ending September 30, 2009. We expect the LTAC to be in a period of improved reimbursement tone for several forward reimbursement cycles. As I have stated countless times, Ventas shareholders benefit enormously from the strength of our pooled multi-facility master leases with Kindred. We have a built-in structural hedge in our master leases, because they contain both SNFs and LTACs which are on different Medicare reimbursement cycles. The important point is that the ups and downs in SNF and LTAC cash flows and reimbursement rates have balanced each other over time. The combination of these two different asset types, coupled with their strong cash flow coverage and Kindred credit support, provide incredibly reliable future revenue stream to Ventas. Now I want to turn to our operating portfolio, our 79 Sunrise communities and our medical office building portfolio provide the granular, highly diversified revenue streams in our business. First, Sunrise, for the 79 high-end, private-pay communities we own in North America, total community NOI for the quarter was $33.4 million. This is a definite win, flat versus the fourth quarter despite the typical softness we expected from first quarter results, as well as the anticipated lease-up losses been incurred as we fill the new 229 unit Steeles, independent living community we acquired in mid-December 2007. In the 73 stabilized Sunrise communities, first quarter total community NOI was $32.7 million. Note that in this quarter, we reclassified one asset to the stabilized pool from lease-up. Average daily rate was up 2% sequentially from the fourth quarter and occupancy in the pool was 92%. Expenses in the quarter were relatively controlled, and when coupled with rate increases, accounted for the positive NOI result. We also have fixed new Sunrise Mansion communities in lease-up including Steeles. Importantly, the five lease-up communities we owned for the full fourth quarter of 2007, showed excellent first quarter 2008 results. Occupancy increased by 6 percentage point sequentially improving to 72%, and NOI for these five communities rose from $600,000 to $1 million sequentially, a 57% increase. Our new Steeles asset continues to lease up nicely and currently is 43% occupied. We expect Steeles to reach positive NOI from operations toward the end of this year. Our 14 stabilized medical office buildings mostly on campus delivered $3 million in NOI during Q1 2008, which is consistent with our Q4 2007 result. Within this pool of 14 assets, we own one building that we're actively repositioning in its market and it accounts for virtually all of the incremental MOB vacancy you see this quarter. In the aggregate, these 14 MOBs are producing unlevered yield to Ventas of over 7.5%. Looking forward, I have to say that I am as excited as I have ever been about the multiple prospects we have in front of us and about the Ventas team we have in place to convert those prospects into reality. The opportunities we see are varied and have potential to provide additional dimension, diversification, growth and accretion to our company. We now have the financial capacity scale and organizational experience to execute on transactions and initiatives we believe presents strategic advantages and superior risk adjusted returns. We believe that one or more of these opportunities will come to fruition before year-end and we are eager to update you on additional developments, as they occur. All in all, we're very happy with where we are at this point in the year, we are confident we can move our business forward in a difficult economic and capital markets environment and we are excited about the opportunities we have to continue building long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Rick for review of our financial results.
Richard A. Schweinhart - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Debbie. First quarter 2008 normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.68, compared to $0.68 in last year's first quarter and $0.66 in the fourth quarter of 2007. First quarter results were better than the fourth quarter, mainly due to less interest expense, lower G&A and flat triple-net lease revenue and operating portfolio NOI, offset slightly by increased share count due to our February equity raise. First quarter FAD per diluted share was $0.64, compared to $0.64 in last year's first quarter and $0.60 in the fourth quarter of 2007. Our acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living REIT occurred in April of 2007. Normalized FFO this quarter totaled $92.4 million, compared to $72.1 million in the first quarter of last year and $87.7 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Normalized FFO and earnings are reported after deducting minority interest for the Sunrise assets. Normalized FFO for the first and the fourth quarter excludes the net benefit of $10 million and $13 million respectively of income tax benefits and merger-related items. Normalized FFO increased $20 million from last year's first quarter, principally due to acquisitions. Revenues increased to $114 million, versus the comparable period a year ago. Of that, $6 million was due to rent increases and $108 million to the Sunrise REIT properties resident rental and service fees. Interest expense increased $14 million from the first quarter of 2007, due primarily to acquisition borrowings. Interest expense decreased $2 million from the fourth quarter of 2007, due to repayment of debt from a portion of the proceeds of our equity offering. On February 1, 2008 we issued 4.5 million shares of common stock, producing net proceeds to the company of a $192 million. Our first quarter effective interest rate of 6.6%, improved from 7% in the first quarter of 2007, due to last year's assumption of Sunrise REIT property debt, which came on at attractive rates. The rates also slightly -- improved slightly from the fourth quarter rate of 6.7% due to the decrease in LIBOR on variable rate loans. General, administrative and professional fees, including stock-based compensation, for the first quarter of 2008, totaled of $8.3 million, compared to $7.6 million last year and $11.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. As a percentage of revenue, these expenses improved to 3.6% from 6.5% of revenues last year and 5% in the fourth quarter of 2007. Weighted average diluted shares grew to 136.7 million in the first quarter, up from 133.7 million shares in the fourth quarter of 2007, reflecting the effect of our February 1st equity issuance. On April 18th, the company sold seven facilities for approximately $68 million and we expect to report a gain of $24 million in the second quarter. We currently have a $124 million of cash and marketable securities and unused revolver capacity of $785 million. Our debt-to-total capitalization is 34% at quarter-end. Our guidance for 2008 remains between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. Our key assumptions remain the same that total Sunrise NOI from our 79 assets ranges from a $140 million to $145 million that we use our cash balances to repay mortgage debt and/or for acquisitions and the G&A ranges from $36 million to $40 million. It does not include other announced acquisitions or divestiture activity. In sum, our first quarter results show good improvements sequentially and should continue to ramp up during the balance of 2008. Operator, we will now take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. A question for you on the $68 million of assets sale. It looks like given the NOI number that was about a 10.5% cap rate on that sale. Can you just talk about, that cap rate seemed a little high, why was at that level and where you see cap rates trending from here?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think, good morning, Karin, and thanks for joining.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The sale of those assets was tremendously good outcome for Ventas. Basically, it was a strategic disposition that we thought was an excellent opportunity to recycle capital, realize the very significant gain, and frankly, dispose of asset that had been under managed. And so, we feel that the outcome and the price for that that we received were quite good and appropriate.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And where are you seeing cap rates moving, you mentioned that buyer and seller, the bid/ask spread was narrowing, can you just talk about where you see cap rates moving?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yeah, I think, Karin, this is Ray. That's our general sense, although market data right now remains relatively spotty. Most of the market data indicates that rates are generally holding. And so even though the risk premium is widening on cap rates, that is being mostly offset by the drop in the base rate. I think what we're seeing with regard to pricing is the bigger change in the way that buyers are underwriting the cash flow. And specifically, they are really looking at in place income and generally not giving credit to future lease-up or rent bumps, and that I think is probably the bigger impact in the way that yields are being priced and valued in the market today. So, it's kind of hard to peg a cap rate trend, but the underwriting is definitely more conservative.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Helpful. It sounded like in your comments about the Steeles, positive cash flow mark pushed a little bit later in the year, is that the case, and if so, what's driving that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, we think Steeles is generally on track, we haven't materially changed our expectations for that asset. I may have changed the word a little bit to keep myself from being bored, but I don't think there was any -- you shouldn't read anything more into it than that.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Final question, the joint venture -- the medical office development joint venture, can you just talk about what the economics are on that?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yeah, I mean, basically, Karin, we've got a joint venture in place, with a nationally recognized MOB to developer, with excellent hospital relations and the great reputation on 10 to be built medical office buildings that will accumulated somewhere in the neighborhood of about $150 million in total. The buildings are generally on campus and hospital sponsored. We got the opportunity to basically invest in these assets at sort of wholesale pricing and share the upside in value creation between development cost and retail with the developer.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And do you guys actually fund the development or you take out on stabilization?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: We'll be funding the development subject to minimum pre-leasing standards upfront.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And what's the time frame for these 10 buildings?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, they will be coming in over the next 12 to 18 months.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mains with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Rob.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: One follow-up on the MOB quarter there, are anything in progress currently, any of the projects?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: The developer has been awarded these projects by the hospitals and they are in various states of planning and development. We have not made any investment at this point.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: And it doesn't sound like any grounds being broken either?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, one or two of these projects maybe relatively near-term, and so as we make our initial investments in grounds broken will report to you presumably in a quarter or two.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. On the topic then MOBs, your same-store stabilized numbers in the supplemental showed a year-over-year decline and a quarter-to-quarter decline, do I assume that's because of the one asset which has been repositioned?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: And could you kind of describe what the repositioning is there?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I can, and basically, we have decided in order to maximize NOI of that asset, to reposition it with different hospital and physician relationship and we are in the process of getting that on track right now and look forward to having some positive news to report when we speak next.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Got you. Sunrise, that's not a non-campus building?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly, not a non-campus building, that's correct.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. And then last question on the Sunrise portfolio, you had a decline in occupancy on the stabilized assets from the fourth quarter to the first. Did you get -- can you attribute anything particularly to aspects like the economy or particularly this year the flu, did you see any -- either of those factors playing a role?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me give you one comment and then Ray will address it Rob. The one comment is that we do expect the first quarter essentially to be the worst quarter, as you who cover the operators understand.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Right.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And so, the results were in line with our expectations, and Ray will talk, I think, in a little bit more detail about the next layer of analysis.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, I think Rob just to address a couple of the points in your question. We did see more move outs due to debt and some of that can be attributed to the flu season, which is normally more active in the first quarter. The good news is that the decrease in occupancy was offset largely by the 2% increase in average daily rate, and so NOI was good. Second and third quarters are typically stronger and that's what we are looking forward to as we move out in the year.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Thanks. And then just one follow-up to that, can you refresh my memory, the Sunrise buildings, do they raise rents on the first of the year as at the time of the residency anniversary?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: It's on the anniversary.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. So it's throughout the year we expect it to be?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, although some buildings have gone to a first of the year convention, so it's a mix, Rob.
Robert Mains - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I just had a couple of things. Just going back to the JV, what's your ownership share, is it, I think you are majority owner, and can you give us the sense what the percent will be?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: It's going to depend upon the economy of the individual transaction, Jerry, but you should think that we're going be the majority owner of the real estate itself, so we'll own between 95% and 99% of the venture that owns the real estate, what will probably end up doing and sharing around 50% of the value creation that comes through the development of the asset and lease-up of the asset.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. Would you own a development entity then or you'll just build economic stability into the real estate?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It would be the economics of the single project.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, okay, that's helpful. There was a little thing on the supplement on the return on the last couple Sunrise development deals had dropped down from like 9.5% to kind of an 8%, 8.75% range at the low end. So, was there -- has sort of a contractual change been made or just the economics of these deals changed. I'm just really interested what all we should expect go forward on additional development deals?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jerry, this is Debbie. I'm not certain that those impacts have changed and we'll take a look at it, but our expectations about those developments from, when we originally disclosed the effective stabilized deals are consistent. The Steeles return is lower because it's [inaudible].
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, get, it's, Steeles and Sunrise of Brooklyn were just lower for some reason.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay --
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. You didn't get back to it. That's fine.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And then, I was just -- on the acquisition environment, I'm sure, you don't want to reveal trade secrets, but I was wondering if we can get a little color, you talked about it being sort of a very pool of stuff, I mean, any sense of property types, I think, you talked about strategic. So, is it M&A, is it, or are we talking about large Steeles, are we talking about sot of singles, any more color on acquisitions or how we should be thinking about the acquisition or potential acquisition volumes in the second half?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the one thing I want to emphasize, this is just really across the Board and if you shouldn't think about it solely as acquisition that these are dimensional opportunities for our business to really drive growth and strategy going forward, and within the acquisition bucket, if you will. Ray, if you want to comment?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think, we are seeing pretty strong deal flow across the spectrum, certainly the medical office building portfolio continues to gain traction as we've been working on that now for about 24 months and have developed the number of very good strategic relationships that are providing a nice deal flow for us. There is also, I think, a market opportunity for us with a number of the developers and operators in the market who are looking to line up with an experienced and committed capital partner like Ventas. So, we are seeing more interest in strategic partnerships. And then, I think, on the seniors housing side, there continues to be a good flow of opportunities and we are also seeing an increase in the number of inquires we are getting about the ability to provide debt financing to those operators and we think that as the year plays out that could be an increasing opportunity set for us.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And Debbie, I'm not sure that I meet, I know what dimensional opportunities mean. So, just, I mean, so we could do - we could up M&A, we could do things like more Sunrise REIT kinds of things, other strategic, I'm just trying to understand what you are detailing me?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, I think we're going to have to let you speculate here. But, we look forward to telling you more as these things develop and I would hope that over the course of the year, as I said, one or more of these things come to fruition.
Jerry Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. I will use my imagination. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, excellent. Thanks for joining.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pike with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer:
Hey, Chris:
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Chris.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I guess back to the MOB joint venture, is this the same relationship that you have been building on over the last 24 months, or is this a new players so to speak, a new relationships that you are bringing forth?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: This is a new relationship that we have entered into, although it's a group that we have been having discussion with for a long period of time and have been courting through quite sometime.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And, I guess, my other questions for the most part have been answered. I guess, I will just follow up with Rick offline, just got a couple of housekeeping questions, but thanks a lot.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Good morning. Craig Melcher is on the phone with me as well. Debbie in your opening comment, you said the active pipeline was strategic and accretive, are those mutually exclusive or--?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sometimes they are, but hopefully they are not.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And sort of size-wise, what are you hoping to land one or two of these, give us a sense, I know you don't want to dive too much into what are these, but can you give us sense of size?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, it's really a broad range of opportunities and they range from a singles, as, I think, Jerry put it to larger size opportunities that would be very meaningful even on our $10 billion base.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And how are you thinking when you think about accretion, how are you thinking about the financing side of the equation?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's something we spend a little bit of time on because we look at unlevered yields, we look at where we are now on our balance sheet because we have a very, very strong balance sheet, a lot of liquidity. And if we can use that liquidity for, to finance a strategic opportunity, that is accretive, then that would be really terrific. We do assume generally in most normal environments that we fund things 50-50 debt and equity. But at the present time where we are with a $124 million of cash and securities on hand plus virtually all of our line of credit available, we are in a great position I think to do things that are strategic and accretive.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: That's helpful. Maybe going back to the $68 million of sales, which we're 10.5 cap.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And you talk about having a $10 billion balance sheet. You talk about these deals being a strategic exit. I mean how much of the portfolio you classify into this higher cap rates, strategic disposition sort of help the company going forward?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say we classify very little into this category and strategic is probably an overstatement to be honest. It's a more of a tactical exit from a specific investment that actually went extremely well for Ventas. Part of this investment going back five years or more was almost $20 million net loan that we got, 18% interest and principal on, we had a remaining net investment in this of about $42 million. And frankly, the assets were significantly undermanaged and we thought sometimes it's great to take your profits and move on, and that's what we did.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And on the medical office development deals, what is your return on your cost expected to be, considering you'll get the 50% of the development profit?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, we would expect net to Ventas that our returns on an unlevered basis will be in 7.5% give or take range.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And what type of pre-leasing is necessary for you to move forward on deals trying to gauge the risk that is involved in this?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, of course, we'll look at a number of factors. As Ray said, these are virtually all on campus and they have strong hospital sponsorship. We would really be looking at least 50% pre-leasing and hopefully more in order to invest in the project.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Okay. And on the Sunrise results, sequentially from here, what should we expect from first quarter to second quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that the major point we want to make is that we said that we expect Sunrise total NOI this year, total community to be between a $140 million and $145 million, and that that will ramp in the year as the lease-up asset continue to lease up as in the stabilized, hopefully continue to grow their NOI and as deals become switches over from a net negative to a positive.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: How was the -- you know how the market is generally doing with the overhangs due to the economy and/or just that was going on in the housing market, how is it performing?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean it is need based business, I think the fundamentals is this business are as good as in any real estate asset class and probably better. So because they are need based, I think we're continuing to see very good performance across our triple-net and our Sunrise portfolio. That said when there are huge macro trends, rather they are economic in terms of the slower economy or housing slum, I would tell you that at the margin that has to tamper your expectation.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome. Thank you for joining.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer:
Hey, Rich:
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Rich.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, just to understand this joint venture, you are putting 100% of the dollars to finance the development, is it correct?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Not a 100%, but it is the lion share.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So the partner got a little bit of skin in the game.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: They are cutting back things [ph] and putting a little bit of skin in a game, that's correct.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And just curious, you are not mentioning who the partner is, is there reason why they don't want to be out? So, you are not going to answer?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: No, Rich, let me answer it, it's just that we are not going to talk about who our partner is at this point in time.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of Sunrise and the things going on in the Sunrise, the management company, maybe you could talk a little about what you see the progress going there from your advantage point?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, one important aspect is that Sunrise filed its 2006 financial statement and maintained with its New York Stock Exchange listing which was a really, really positive development. The other positive developments, I would point to you are really addition of the new CFO, whom we talked about, so that is a super new development but that was a real plus for Sunrise on a corporate level and recently the addition of Mark Ordan as the Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Investment Officer, as well as some of the corporate governance changes that are being made at Sunrise. We view the moves that Sunrise Board -- that the moves that they are making as very positive and may we believe that Sunrise is really taking step to continue to improve itself over the course of the year.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: What do you think the worse case scenario is with them and you?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: With?
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I mean in terms of your relationship with them and--?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, right now, I mean.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: With corporate co-investments [ph].
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right now what we asked Sunrise, what we asked of Sunrise is really to be a property manager for us and do a good job, taking care of the senior residents and driving NOI on our mutual behalf and that's really what we'll continue to ask them, whether they are public or private or whomever running the firm or what have you. So that's the basic relationship that we have and one that we expect to continue.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Now besides the management of the properties, they are co-investor in many of the facilities, am I right that, say if you were to sort of had to take out their interest, someone bought them and didn't want to be a co-investment partner, is the number or something like three or five -- $350 million something like that would require for a take out of their interest in the partnerships?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first point, that's a good question, is a 15% to 25% partner and I think 18 of the assets with us which we first I had to reverse, I'm sorry with 66 or 67.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And we actually like the partnership structure, because it does create additional alignments for them as the property manager, it's not essential, but it's kind of a nice aspect of the overall relationship. If Sunrise were bought, there is no option for them to put those partnerships interest to us. So we would essentially, if it's such a new person or Sunrise itself wanted to sell those interest to us, then we would have a discussion. But no one has a put of those interests to us nor do we have a call in them. We are partners.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Understood. Last question. You mentioned the Sunrise expenses were relatively controlled your words. So would -- is that a bit of a hedge whether sort of bigger cost pressures this quarter than you thought, and if so, what would form that they come in?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Rich, can I just circle back for one second. There are 61 jointly owned assets in the portfolio.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: On the expense side, I think we always work with Sunrise to manage expenses which has not being as much of a focus of theirs as it is of ours. And we like it and prefer to compliment them, win expenses sequentially we think are recently controlled as they were in this quarter.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with UBS. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Tayo.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Tayo.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Hi, just a follow with regards to the JV, I apologize if you have answered this already because if I'm juggling two calls at the same time. But just from trying to understand the economics going to be better, understand you put up majority of the development costs. But in regards to the actual income stream coming from this portfolio, could you talk a little bit about what that sharing is, both theoretically and at the same time if you kind of use some numbers to walk me through it? That would also be helpful.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Tayo, the income stream and the cash flows coming off of the property will be shared [inaudible] in accordance with the ownership positions of the partners.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: And as I said previously, there is also a monetization of some of the development profit to the developer which will occur upon stabilization of the asset.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Are you saying monetize, you are going to sell the property to a third party and split the difference between what was bought?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: No, that's a term of our, Tayo, I'm sorry. It's basically a one-time payment that is made based on value creation in the asset.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. I mean you can think of it basically as the paying wholesale which is the difference between the development cost and the profit embedded in the development activity.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Let's say you -- the some type of payment you will make to developer, so that you could own the property out right?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Generally.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay. All right. I think it might be helpful, Rick and Deb, maybe if I just give you a call to trying to get, try to understand it a little bit better for modeling purposes. So I'll give you a shot.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We will be happy to do that. And I am glad actually we are getting questions on this, because we do think this a very positive and important new relationship in the MOB areas that we have developed.
Tayo Okusanya - UBS: Great. Good quarter.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the presentation back over to Ms. Debra Cafaro for closing remarks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Heather. Well everyone, I just want to thank you all for joining on today's call and we, as always, very much appreciate your interest in Ventas and we look forward to seeing everyone then. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: T. Richard Riney - EVP, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and CEO Richard A. Schweinhart - Sr. VP and CFO Raymond J. Lewis - EVP and Chief Investment Officer Lisa M. Brush - Sr. VP, Senior Housing Development and Operations
Analysts: Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Craig Melcher - Citigroup Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Ventas 2007 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katie and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remark you will be invited to participate in a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will like to now turn the call over to your host for today Mr. T. Richard Riney, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Sir, you may now proceed.
T. Richard Riney - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary: Thank you, Katie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Ventas conference call to review the company's announcement yesterday regarding its results for quarter and year ended December 31st, 2007. As we start, let me express that all projections and predictions, and certain other statements to be made during this conference call, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These projections, predictions and statements are based on management's current believes, as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. The forward-looking statements are subject to many risks and certainties and contingencies and stockholders and others should recognize that actual results may differ materially from the company's expectations, whether expressed or implied. We refer you to the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006. And the company's other reports filed periodically with the SEC were a discussion of these forward-looking statements, and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the company and its management. The information being provided today is as of this date only and Ventas expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in expectations. Please note that quantitative reconciliations between each non-GAAP financial measure contained in this presentation in it's most directly comparable GAAP measure, as well as the company's supplemental disclosure schedule are available in the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.ventasreit.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Miss. Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman, President and CEO of the company.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rick, Good morning, everyone, I want to welcome all of our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas year-end earnings call. 2007 was the productive and transformative year for the company. In 2007, Ventas became a larger more reliable enterprise at lower risk and a higher long-term growth profile. We expanded and diversified our business platform and assets. We delivered our sixth consecutive year of double-digit FFO growth. We provided our shareholders with a 12% total return. We maintain a strong balance sheet and significant liquidity. And we positioned the company to future value creation. And I don't need to tell you that we did our best in a very challenging capital markets environment. 2008 has also started off on two high notes. We recently received our second investment grade ratings from Standard & Poor's. This very important decision by S&P recognized that the improvements we have made to the company and our financial strength and flexibility. It should enhance our access to capital and lower our borrowing costs, both of which are significant competitive advantages, especially in today's environment. I'm sure that many of you feel the best part about our upgrade is that you don't have to listen to me talk about it anymore on our earnings call. Secondly, our board recently increased there dividend by 8% providing our shareholders with above average dividend growth coupled with a still conservative payout ratio. Over the past five years, we've grown the company to $9 billion in value, while maintaining a focus on delivering long-term consistent outperformance to our stakeholders. In fact, Ventas was the only REIT to be in the top five performers of the RMS for all of the one, three, five and 10 year periods ended 12/31/07. And there been a sustainable business, we've been very mindful of risk management. We want to be prudent stewards of your capital. So as we talked about a major focus over the last five years has been a systematic reduction of enterprise risk at Ventas. We have reduced risk through discipline and diversification of our tenant base, our assets classes, and our sources of revenue. Through management of the balance sheet in terms of total leverage, the aggregate maturities and presence in multiple debt and equity linked capital market, and through development and infrastructure and internal control. These attributes are often overlooked or even scorned in a property market. But, are more appreciated when the world changes. We believe that Ventas should continue to deliver good long-term cash flow growth from our high quality diversified portfolio of healthcare and senior housing assets with the protected down side from highly structured triple-net leased assets, and potential upside from the Sunrise portfolio. During the balance of today's call, I want to discuss our excellent 2007 earnings, our portfolio performance, and our outlook for 2008. Then Rick is going to report in detail on our financial results. Following Ricks comments, we will be happy to take your questions. First normalized FFO per share was $0.66 for the fourth quarter, and $2.69 for the year, up 10% over 2006. This favorable outcome was driven by internal growth, accretive acquisitions, and strong performance of our operating portfolio of senior housing assets managed by Sunrise. On the guidance front, we expect full year 2008 normalized FFO to range between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. Rick will discuss the key assumptions embedded in our guidance. You can be assure that we would spend all our effort this year as we have in past years towards driving earnings in cash flows and improving our ultimate performance. Turning to our portfolio review, our triple-net leased asset continued to perform well with excellent coverages and occupancies across the spectrum of independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing facilities and hospitals. We get 55% of our revenue and 79% of our NOI from our strong pooled multi-facility mez [ph] releases. The key take-away here is that operating results in our triple-net portfolio was very stable through Q3 2007. Remember that the pooled multi-facility highly structured mez releases we have with credit tenants, are designed to provide good steady contractual cash flow growth to Ventas. We expect to receive our RENO cash flow streams from triple-net leased assets, while occupancies and EBITDARM to our tenant operators may even flow overtime due to changes in the market and/or reimbursement cycle. The Sunrise and medical office building assets we owned provide the granular highly diversified revenue streams in our portfolio. Here too the results were positive. First to the 79 Sunrise communities, we own in North America, total community NOI for the fourth quarter was a strong $33.7 million. Our share of annualized NOI for the two full quarters, we have owned the portfolio is between $112 million and $113 million, which is at the high-end of the range we predicted when we acquired the portfolio. In the 72 stabilized Sunrise community, fourth quarter total community NOI was $32.6 million ahead of our projections. Importantly, in the stabilized portion of our portfolio revenues were up 2% sequentially from the third quarter and occupancy for the fourth quarter exceeded 93%. The average daily rate per resident and the stabilized portfolio is $171, up 2.3% over third quarter. The six new Sunrise Mansion communities, we currently haven't leased up showed good sequential increases in occupancy improving from 61% in the third quarter to 68% in the fourth. This feels high-end new independent living community in Toronto that we acquired in Q4 averaged 23% occupancies during our ownership period and is already home to almost 80 residents. The community contains resident capacity of 250 sects and should be cash flow positive from operations in the second half of 2008. The Sunrise lease up portfolio as a whole ADRs holding firm. So the key takeaway here is that these seven communities are filling without great pressure. Finally, our MOB portfolio is also performing well. It's growing portion of our business which now exceeds 1 million square feet of mostly on campus product is producing aggregate unlevered yield of about 8%. 150 million of MOB assets be acquired in 2007 other than the two leased up are delivering yields to Ventas between 7% and 7.5%. We remain enthusiastic about the short-term and long-term benefits of owning healthcare and senior housing real estate. Our sector provides steady cash flow and cash flow growth as recession resistant, demand is growing inexorably and it's relatively inelastic, the price under control, and private-pay case senior housing in all of its form, is attaining higher consumer acceptance, which should lead to increase market penetrations by our care providers. The V3 sense I believe the fundamentals in our sector are superior to those in other real estate today and while our healthcare and senior housing assets should continue to gain greater institutional acceptance and ownership. As we begin 2008, we remain cautious yet optimistic. We believe our portfolio will continue to perform well. And you can expect us to remain financially strong and liquid. To that end earlier this month we raise equity capital to fund debt payoff and free up leverage, and revolver capacity. With our strong balance sheet we are well positioned to be opportunistic in 2008. Execute on transactions that are strategic, provide attractive risk adjusted return, and continued to improve our company on your behalf. With that I'll turn the call over to Rick for review of our 2007 financial results.
Richard A. Schweinhart - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Debbie. Fourth quarter 2007 normalized FFO per diluted share was $0.66 compared to $0.67 last year. Full year normalized FFO per share totaled $2.69 per share, up 10% over last year. Fourth quarter normalized FAD per diluted share was $0.60 versus $0.62 last year. The decreases are primarily due to our strategic diversification program specifically the acquisitions of Sunrise Senior Living REIT in April of 2007. Normalized FFO totaled $88 million compared to $71 million for the fourth quarter last year. Normalized FFO and earnings are reported after deducting minority interest for the Sunrise assets. Normalized FFO excludes the net benefit of $12 million of non-cash income tax benefits, and merger costs. Normalized FFO increased $17 million from last years fourth quarter principally due to acquisitions. Revenues increased $116 million, $11 million of which was rent increases and $107 million due the newly acquired Sunrise REIT properties, resident, rental, and services fees. NOI by segment for the fourth quarter was triple-net $118 million versus $112 million in last year's fourth quarter. Sunrise managed $34 million versus zero last year, and medical office was another $3 million versus $1 million last year. Interest expense increased $17 million from the fourth quarter 2006 due to primarily the acquisition borrowing. Our fourth quarter effective rate, interest rate of 6.7% improved from 7.2% in the fourth quarter of 2006 due to our issuance of convertible senior notes in late 2006, and this year's assumption of Sunrise REITs property debt, which came on at attractive rates. General, administrative, and professional fees including stock-based compensation for the fourth quarter of 2007 totaled $11.5 million compared to $6.7 million last year, and $9.3 million in the third quarter of this year. The quarter was high due to several unusual items as a percentage of revenue these expenses totaled 4.9% versus 5.7% of revenues last year. In 2008, we expect G&A to approximate $36 million to $40 million of that amount $8 million to $10 million would be non -cash stock-based compensation. Weighted average diluted shares grew to 133.7 million in the fourth quarter up from 105.7 million shares in the fourth quarter last year. Sequentially fourth quarter 2007 versus third quarter 2007 normalized FFO per diluted share was flat at $0.66 exceeding our expectations. Sunrise portfolio and MOB asset performed well. On February 1st, 2008, we issued 4.5 million share of common stock producing net proceeds to the company of $192 million. These funds are being used to repay revolver borrowings and secured mortgage debt to fund acquisitions and for other corporate purposes. Unused revolver capacity currently stands at approximately $610 million. Pro forma our net debt-to-total capitalization is 34%. Our guidance for 2008 is between $2.75 and $2.82 per share. Key assumptions are that Sunrise NOI from our 79 assets ranges from $140 million to $145 million that we use our cash balances to repay mortgage debt and/or for acquisitions, and that G&A ranges from $36 million to $40 million. We have not included acquisitions, dispositions, our other capital transactions in our guidance. Remember that for Sunrise operations we expect quarterly NOI fluctuations in the business, and NOI should build certainly throughout the year. In addition, our triple-net leased escalators tick-in at various points throughout the year including the Kindred rent increased that occurs May 1st, 2008. All-in-all the company had a great 2007, and we have started off 2008 with a sizable dividend increase, and an important investment grade rating. We look forward to another excellent year in 2008. Operator, we will take questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeffery Doctrow [ph] from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Well happy Valentine Day all. I just had a couple of things, one sort of an operating assets, and then just acquisition environment. On the operating assets, I wonder if you can just give us a little bit more color, I think Rick gave us sort of your assumptions in terms of overall NOI, but the rate growth is running and much stronger, and we typically been modeling and I just if you can give us any more color in sort of maybe what your assumptions are? How you see that playing now?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, I think Jerry, if you look at...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Ray.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: This is Ray, I'm sorry. I think if you look at the guidance that Rick outlined you are talking about sort of 3% to 7% NOI growth on average and you should assume as we did sort of a flat occupancy with 5% to 7% growth in rate and then sort of a constant margin, and you will come up with a range that will get you... get you right there.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And then... and continued lease up of the other properties as well-
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, that's true Jerry, although you know obviously the stable portfolio is much larger than the development portfolio and really drives the performance.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And I guess I mean my sense is that there is potential upside above beyond your guidance just given you know the current rate levels. If those would continued you did be well above what you are talking about?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: From your lips to god ears.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And then just acquisition environment if you could chat a little bit more about that, I think we've heard kind of mix things Debbie I think you can use that at various times, there is still spread between they didn't ask [ph] you talked about being opportunistic, if we can get a little bit more color, your whether you've got continued interest in MOB platform, whether there is anything else out there potentially strategic in Canada specifically or perhaps in the U.S., so just any color on acquisitions will be helpful?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Sure Jerry I think you know, as far as the MOB front goes, we continue to focus on that as a core to our acquisition strategy, we are seeing plenty of deal flow in that base in fact our pipeline is very strong and fully loaded with good affected MOB opportunities. So we think that that market continues to yield, I think good... good deal flow to us. The market is a little bit of... in a bit of a price discovery period, and we are certainly watching the data point as is everybody else very closely to try to determine, what if any impact is flowing through to you cap rates, and I'll say that the data is inconsistent and in conclusive that we've seen so far. I think as far as opportunities north of the border, our Canadian portfolio performs extremely well. We like the Canadian market we have had meetings with Canadian operators, and we would like to expand our presence there, what if any investment volume comes out of those activities remains to be seen, but it's certainly an area that we have a great interest in growing.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And how about just to ramp it out maybe just two things, one is just any color on sort of the North America and the other property types? And then if you can just remind us what you've got in terms of the pipeline from Sunrise that you could buy out of development?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Well I'll take the second half of that first I think on the development front just to remind everybody on the call, we have exclusive rights to first off run on all development that Sunrise does in Canada. We also have exclusive rates to first offer for any development within competitive rings around our U.S. facilities. We continue to see a fairly study flow of development opportunities from Sunrise. We are pretty selective in our approach to those one could find, the properties that we think are in the best markets provide us the best yield. And so I think we feel like there will be good opportunities coming out of that and I have already been working on a number of attracted deals. As far as other property types in North America goes the senior housing market has been relatively quite, I would say over the last quarter not lot of data points to really point to there at all. I think we've seen some opportunities certainly in the... on the debt side and mez side and the hospital sector is also I think starting to provide more opportunities for us. So I think looking out into 2008, I think we are going to see a lot more opportunistic plays in senior's housing and potentially on the debt side and I do think we will see some more opportunities in the hospital space.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And then just on that's helpful. On Sunrise any just sense because there have been big volumes development actually may begin since result in startup loses in some cases. So is that two properties, five properties, 10 properties and what's kind of our likely ranges in terms of what you are going to buy or in terms of dollars that you better yet?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Jerry why don't we differ that until we actually committed to do anything I mean you know that we don't like to provide guidance about acquisitions of any kind including development.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And so we're actually going to do them, and so if you could just let us refer that answer we would appreciate it.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: All right. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: hanks, and good morning everybody.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rich.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi Rich.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, Debbie you mentioned reduced enterprise risk as a key over to your company, would you say that from a development standpoint that despite with by raised comments that maybe you are eying [ph] going to be even more selective about entering into new developments at this stage of the game, which his environment in front of us?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I mean look I think that we, we have an option, and options are very good for the option holder. We like the Canadian market, and we like Sunrise's development capabilities, but every opportunity will be examined in light of overall macro market conditions and specific property market conditions. And so as things change you change your delta if you will is to how you look at all of our acquisitions including development, and so I think what you said is a fair statement nonetheless if we have good opportunities or good assets and good properties, and good markets at appropriate returns that are risk embedded then we'll, we are absolutely in a great position to execute on those.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Then you're building a nice little liquidity basket I guess, lets say and you mentioned Canadian marketplace are some public Canadian REITs on your... in your cross fairs [ph] or is that...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Just because you're a Canadian bank you know go ahead, you won't let me take that.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: No Rick I mean look, we've always said that we think that continued industry consolidation in the healthcare REIT makes sense and that is true in the U.S. and in Canada. We are going always agitate for that, we are going to continue to work on things, so you know...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've got our special agent Lisa Brush up there in Canada who is with here today, so...
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Exactly and so you know you should just expect that we are going to continue to work every acquisition angle that we have in Canada.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay just a quick one, just on my note here that the 4Q outperformance do I just right it was just Sunrise that better than expected performance and also the MOB portfolio is that right that would guide you $0.02 above your guidance range?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean... we... that's a fair summary.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just a more quick ones any comment on the entry fee model and how that might be impacting the independent living model?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we it's important to say a couple of things, we don't own any entry fee CCRCs.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We owned five rental CCRCs and those are doing fine, and those are in triple-net leases as is virtually all of our independent living and which again is all rental based and that's all in triple-net leases.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, but do you have any sense of the market if they are seeing any pressures on that?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes I was just about add to Debbie's comment I think at the margins we are seeing a little bit of pressure in the lifestyle drill in, independent living and certainly more so the entry fee CCRC space driven by sort of the, you know the depression in the housing market. I think if you look at the data that next publishing for instance, you're saying maybe 100 basis point reduction occupancy rates there, and so as Debbie points out all of our independent living is in triple-net leases with good strong operators, good coverages at the property level. So we are well positioned to whether whatever marginal down turn has happened in that space.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then lastly what would you say Moody hang up is?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Look we have good dialogue with all the rating agencies, I really want to give a shot out this wine heart here who has worked really tirelessly to build our balance sheet and work with the agencies to get our Q investment grade ratings that, I made a joke, but you all know how long and hard we worked with that rating and I think we will continue with Moody's to demonstrate the strength of our company and the risks, I mean we talked about reducing enterprise risk, I think every year for the last five years because we've always said is we can reduce risk and grow earnings then we win and we are making a better company. So I think its the next step as you point out it to focus on our dialogue with Moody's and continue to talk about how we improved the company and I feel assured that we will get there.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: What does that one step into investment grade save you, do you think on a basis point?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, by the way there is another point I would like to make is that year or two the Lehman high grade index. The investment grade index change, so that if you have two of the three agencies and investment grade you will be in the high grade index. And that's where we are now. So we should substantial benefit from being in that index. The... if you would ask me the question before I would have said... in the normal market I would have said 25 to 50 basis points on incremental borrowings. The... recently I think our bondholders are more little ahead of the agencies and our bond actually were trading quite well, so right now I think they are trading at about near 10 years and about 6.5%, and so if we could execute in or around that at this point in the market, maybe with a little bit a new issue premium, I think that would be excellent.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Melcher from Citi. Please proceed.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Hi. Could give us a little more color on the medical office portfolio during the quarter, it looks like occupancy came down a bit on the stabilized in the sub portfolio?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I will be happy to that. You know as I said I think our MOB portfolio is actually doing well as you point out on the eight assets that are the same-store stabilized occupancy went from 98% to 95% Q4 06 to Q4 '07, and that's essentially 5,000 to 10,000 square feet in a building in Houston, which we expect to be sort of leased up to normal levels that maybe by the end of the summer. And then on the lease up, last quarter we had one MOB and leased up and it was 50% occupied and now we've two assets and leased up and they are 56% occupied. So I think we made good progress there. So our portfolio is actually doing well and I hope that answers your question.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Yes. And on Sunrise I am just trying to give out some more how... how revenues are coming in relative to expectations and expenses, you know, NOI is coming ahead, but it just gets more top line or how the expenses are coming in?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, revenue is going up nicely and expenses are increasing probably a little bit more than we would like, but net-net on balance the NOI was coming in ahead.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, Craig, I think we have said in the third quarter was that you should expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit softer because typically people aren't moving there parents into the community during the holidays and there is always sort of year end expense through offset that come through and what we actually ended up seeing was pretty strong occupancy throughout the entire fourth quarter and the expenses that true ups that we expected did come through, so you saw a little bit of margin compression during the fourth quarter, but remember you're going to see some seasonal fluctuations in the portfolio, we'll keep tracking it, but I think that's sort of consistent with what we had expected going in and perhaps the little bit better on the revenue side.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Okay. And what's the rate of debt maturing that was sort of rated [ph] debt maturing in 08 and the timing of that?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: It's approximately 7% to 7.4% if you in that kind of break down the maturities its broken down like half and then lot more towards the end.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Rob Mains from Morgan Keegan. Please proceed.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Rob.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Just a follow-up on the question about the Sunrise stabilize. Do I differ then that in terms of seasonality might see a little bit of a margin that been the winter quarters compared to the summer ones?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I mean I think seasonally you had tended to see softness in Q1 for the operators.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Great.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And as Rick said in his remarks I mean when you look at 08, you would expect the NOI to sort of ramp through the year.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Right. Well Ray's comments would suggested is that either you get lesser ramp up maybe even a little bit of pressure in the fourth quarter as well because of the moving?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What we looked at historically, when we looked at from the Sunrise results for this particular portfolio what that, we saw some softness in Q4 and Q1, and those are who knows why I mean it could be year-end normal expense throughout, could be a little softness in occupancy and so on. Now what we did see in the fourth quarter was strong occupancy and strong rate growth, so that's why the portfolio really perform better than our fourth quarter expectations. But, you are right to say in Q1 I think most of that analyst and operators who would agree tends to be this soft this seasonally... seasonal quarter.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Great, Okay. Then my only other question Rick, you alluded to one-time items affecting G&A in the quarter. What were some of those please?
Richard A. Schweinhart - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We went through and obviously just had to do some of our year-end true- up with compensation and some professional fees, deal cost so, it was kind of one-time in nature and unusual. So we figured that if we end up [ph] kind of tell you what the go forward rate risk, that would be a net go forward.
Robert M. Mains - Morgan Keegan: Right okay, fair enough that's all I needed, thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rob.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Karin Ford from KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, not to beat the expense question to debt, but I know you said in your 08 guidance, you're expecting margins to be flat. We've heard on another call that Sunrise Senior living may not be doing as good a job as some may think they should with expenses. Do you think potential upside if margins could be improved next year?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you must be going to the school as Jerry there. We're giving you our best shot to what we think the Sunrise portfolio NOI is going to be for next year at 142 to 145 total sort of NOI. And we think that those are attainable objectives, which are 3% to 7% NOI growth also of the second half run rate. So I mean that's a good growth rate and it make... there's multiple different rates that you can get there rate occupancy expense, but that's sort of where we're targeting and that's why I would encourage you to focus as well because we don't want to get to on the one hand we will all say well there's a housing thing and then on the other hand we're saying well there's lot of upside in these numbers. So we've really tried to give you our best projection of where we think these assets would stand in 2008.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. I know it's early in the election process, but can you just give your outlook on what the regulatory environment could be doing in an election year?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I mean the short answer is nothing.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect to... we had some really good legislative and regulatory occurrences for the Kindred SNFs and LTACs that... came up in the fourth quarter and first quarter namely a three plus percent Medicare increase for the SNFs and then good legislative improvement that Kindred was lobbying for regarding the LTAC, and then about 3% proposed increase from CMS for the freestanding LTACs in terms of rate. So we are in a good spot here, and I think it's very difficult to get anything done in an election year. And so I think we have a good visibility on reimbursement looking forward.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great thanks. Finally you had a nice milestone a nice ruling in the HCP litigation in December, can you just tell us what the next milestone would be and what the timing is in that process?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I think what Karin is pointing out is that we did prevail in an motion that HCP filed to dismiss our case which is pending in the Federal District Court in Kentucky. The next is not really a milestone, but the next process or phase of the litigation, which were involved in right now is the discovery phase where you sort of examine the fact on each side in separations for the actual trial, that's where we are now.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dustin Pizzo from Banc from America.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC: Hi, Thank you. Good morning.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dustin.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Dustin.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC: Debbie, I just want to follow-up on Richard's earlier question on the balance sheet. I mean it seems as though there was really pressing need for the money from the recent equity raise. So should we further that there is something larger potentially coming down the pipe or is it more of an indication kind of us to review on the current state of capital markets and that you think things may get worst from here and you wanted to just be in a good position?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well as we said, and as everyone on the call knows what the capital markets have been extremely volatile. And as we look into 2008 I really think that we are... we want to be mindful of that and we want to be strong and opportunistic. And in this environment we believe that it's much better to be liquid and strong, and we are working on a number of things that are very attractive, and we want to be in a position to execute without worrying that this week some... some bank is going to take another $20 billion worth of write-offs and everybody is going to sell the RMS or something. So I love where our position is, as we look into the year, and it's a very deliberate... it's a very deliberate outlook, as we do an upside, downside analysis but we say SG for cautious and we are wrong, we haven't really given up very much maybe a little bit of hold money on the balance sheet. But, if we are right we are going to be really glad that we were right, and the benefits of that for exceed the other side of the equation. So I hope that gives you a little bit of color on our thinking.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC: Yes, definitely. And then I guess given your strong balancing position and ability to be provide our capital on the current environment. Would you look to potential get involved in any mezzanine situations and specifically the one that comes to mind given your relationship is potentially Sunrise whether that will go private?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yeah, I think on the mez front that something that we've said now for the last quarter. We would be interested in making investments in that category, I think as we look at that, we really want to find the right risk adjusted returns. We want to make sure that we're doing it in manageable chunks and spreading our exposure across a number of different investments. So I think that would be sort of our strategy there with regard to specific situations, we will deal with those as when they come up.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay. And then just lastly you may or may not be able to answer this but, Debbie what's you've taken and what's happening internally on Sunrise I mean if you had any indications to whether or not they may get their financials out on time since one of your other peers think that's a very solid possibility?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you know Sunrise is said that it expects to file in financial statements filed by March 17, 2008 deadline that it has. we do get very detail property level financial information from Sunrise, and so we feel good about that. We really think that Rick Schweinhart [ph] the new CFO there has been an excellent addition to the company, and we've confidence in him to file the statement, and so if we were to predict we would hope that Sunrise does in fact file the statements by March 17th and I think there's a very good chance that they will, and that would be very positive for them as the company, a big milestone for them.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pike from Merrill Lynch Please proceed..
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Chris.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Back to the whole debt leverage issue, I guess you know looking at the net debt of pro forma EBITDA at 5.4 that does not take into consideration the equity offering, correct?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It does then. Its still...
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: So, you bring that... so you take out 192 million that brings you down for lets say 5.1, is that a comfort level for you guys. Would you look to perhaps like to be a little lower than that? What do you draw from that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't want to be... look we want to be... we think that historically, the healthcare REIT to investment grades have been in the 5 to you know 5.5, 6 times leverage level, and we are comfortable with that, and I think we've got... as you say we've got liquidity and capacity, and we could acquire quite a bit now throughout the balance of the year, just as we are.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay.With respect to the equity raise, was there anything that may be stopped you from issuing a bit more equity maybe advised that too much equity would be hard to digest, what your talks on that?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think on a lot of these issues at the margin you could go either way whether it's a dividend increase, whether it's a... how much debt or equity if you have raised at any given time. I mean we just... it's a, we think the amount we have raised is just about right to deal with our medium term expectations, and again puts us in a good position. So you could go either way on that, but we think it's just about right, it sort of Goldilocks outcome.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: And then are there any secured debt opportunities baked into the portfolio at this point in other words adding more secured debt extracting or monetizing some value equity?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean we've got capacity in terms of unlevered and partially levered portfolio to be either top up or put mortgages on them. We don't have any current plans to do so but that capacity absolutely exists.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: And how much capacity, how much dry powder do you think would exists if were to start to tap into that that area?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know several $100 million.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's all for now. Maybe we can just catch up little later. Thanks.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Chris, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Lehman Brothers.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: Hi, great. Thanks. Good morning. Hi Kevin.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: You talked about you know stronger occupancy in Q4 to Sunrise assets than you thoughts on the impact of the weak flu season there. Does that contribute or do you believe its just more function of your portfolio that was being living non-entry fee just I am look more insulated from the housing market?
Lisa M. Brush - Senior Vice President, Senior Housing Development and Operations: Hi, Kevin, this is Lisa Brush. No, sometimes the flu can give us problem through the winter month, we haven't seen anything like that throughout the portfolio. So actually I mean the occupancy held really strong and you know compared to Q3, we expected a little bit more of a deep and a rate growth continued to grow. So we are not seeing that I mean its that it couldn't happen in Q1. We could feel little bit more of deep due to flu or just poor weather in certain areas, people may not want to move it, if they have that choice. Of course in most of our Mansions we have a much higher acuity [ph] and people often regardless will be moving in. So that certainly helps our occupancies very strong and pretty stable.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Can you tell a little bit more about the CapEx in the quarter I'm used to senior living operators talk about CapEx of kind of 500, 600 per unit annually which would be affectionately your current run rate as even if you see things ramp up and we'll be spending, alright, I got two questions what's driving in the quarter is Q4 good run rate its into the guidance might be assuming it comes down a little bit?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well on the senior housing assets when we acquired Sunrise given the really high-end nature of these assets we told everyone that we expect between 800 and 1000 per door in annual CapEx and that's what we are looking forward to in 2008.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So the run rate that you have now is kind of more like 12,000 that would be something closer to 5,6 [ph] 12 million is that because our 5 million to 6 million if it did into 1 million is 1,000 is the rest just MOB or does that number come down a little bit from where your run rate is?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think if you look forward if you just put in 1000 a door on Sunrise that should be about right.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and how much MOB CapEx would there be?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well on a recurring basis its really going vary, depending on lease roll over and so on. So may be I don't know $0.56, $0.60 a year.
Kevin Fischbeck - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great that's helpful. And then last question on MOBs can you talk about the MOB market a little bit more it seems that virtually every operator is looking to build that platform out there even some non-healthcare REITs getting involved in the space do you get worry about development in that space over the next few years or what do you think about actual capacity growth?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes I think there are two things going out on that question one, there's definitely a lot of institutional demand for medical office buildings, I think other investors as does Ventas look at the space as a very stable investment opportunity. We have very high retention rate, we've got good stable growing cash flows, its the front edge of where the baby boom demographic is going to touch the healthcare system. They will be receiving care and a medical office building before they all need care in a assisted living facility our a nursing home for instance. So all of that and its also relatively recessionary system, which in this environment is particularly attractive institutional investor. So all of that I think is coming together to create good demand for the product on the development front there are natural barriers to entry for medical office building development and that is really driven by the amount of land available around the campuses of the hospitals themselves, as well as the hospitals sort of dictating what development takes place I mean they don't want to have half empty or empty medical office building sitting on their campuses. So we are not seeing a tremendous amount of development in that space. And what we are seeing is being driven by the hospital pursue into pretty well thought out in rational capital plans.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I just want to add one thing which is as Ray mentioned previously there's a really quiet bit of supply, and so while there is a lot of demand I would say that's really being matched by the supply of assets for sale. Hello?
T. Richard Riney - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary: Hello, lost connection...
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: My god, you'll be killing me.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kristin Brown [ph]. Ma'am you may proceed.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Katie? Katie?
Operator: Yes.
T. Richard Riney - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary: Can you hear us?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, I can hear you, I can hear you nice and clear.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, we had a bit of a interruption on our end. So can you just I assume the investors and participants in the call are still connected?
Operator: Everyone is still connected, ma'am.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We'll go ahead then, thanks.
Operator: Okay. Kristin Brown.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Good morning. I just wanted a follow-up on that question on MOB supply on sort of the senior housing side, I mean you kind of mention that supply generally in check on. What you characterize as sort of uniform across markets or the original pockets are concerned?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Just to clarify Kristin are you talking about senior housing supply and new development.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Okay. Yes I would say that in general the senior's housing supply remains in check. We've been tracking the net off shore [ph] construction data pretty closely and I think if you look at the number of new units that are projected to be delivered and construction starts. They are sort of well within historical penetration levels given the increase in the aged incomes qualified population that's expected over the next year or two. So on a macro level we look at it and say that the supply that the new supply that's coming out and appears to be very reasonable although at a higher level then it had been in the early 2000 when it essentially nothing was getting built. Market-by-market I think the high barrier entry markets say for instance where our Sunrise portfolio is located. We think we are probably not going to see very much of anything developed that will compete with our products there given the long lead-time and the high cost to development. In some of the secondary markets or Sunbelt states you may see more product delivered in those markets, but again I still think in general, we are not seeing any place that I could point to you where we would be concerned about over building at this point.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I mean the other really its a good and bad things, but clearly from the financing side what banks for financing construction two years ago, one year ago and then product will be delivered and as a result to that. In limited amount as Ray indicated I would tell you that as a forward, if you look forward that the banks are definitely pulling in or not and that actually is a very good, that is a very good thing, because it will limit supply appropriately and I expect that to be very positive for this day.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: And my colleague to the right Lisa Brush is holding up her red and white flag with a maple leaf on it indicating that and it's very true Canada is a market we think that is pretty well under supply not a tremendous amount of development going on there and really strong occupancy in performance statistic. So we think there is a some good opportunity there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's really helpful. And I just have one more question just in terms of acquisition have you made any adjustments to your underwriting or hurdle rates in the current environment?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well every time that we look at acquisitions our methodology is really to make sure that: a) we're getting good risk adjusted return; and b) that it is, it exceed what we believe is a reasonable cost to capital and provides good returns on equity. So methodology is always the same, there maybe we may impute a little bit higher risk premium to assets in this environment, obviously we look at cost to debt as those metrics change overtime. So all of those factors are embedded in our sort of ever evolving underwriting regarding acquisitions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thanks, Kristin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan from Green Street Advisors. Sir you may proceed.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Thanks good morning
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Hi, Jim.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Ray when you are talking about cap rates may become and the cap rate data is inconsistent and inclusive, in a context you're talking about mez debt it seems like the pricing of mez debt is perhaps even more inconsistent, and more inclusive how do your price mez debt in the current environment and how do you determine whether the risk adjusted return is better than what you can get in more traditional equity investment?
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes I think that is the trick Jim, it's... what you really want to make sure you're focused on our loan-to-values and loan-to-sustainable values. So you really sort of look at what you think historical levels should be for a particular asset class and make sure that as you look forward you have an exit scenario in pretty much any normal lending environment and if you can get yourself comfortable that you're in the type of investment, then I think that sort of threshold or getting decision, and then once you past that is really a matter of looking how far up or down stack you are and trying to draw relative comparisons from other transactions that you've seen clear the market and say okay in my more or less, risky and am I getting a better or worst return. But, it is a shifting target, you kind of have to think ahead a little bit and test the market. Clearly this is not a market in which you just want to take what comes to you. You want to be selective. Did that help?
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Yes that's helpful. It sounds like you are willing to move up and down the capital stack depending on the parameters of the specific opportunity?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we are and off course it also depends on the asset type where you want to be in the capital stack.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes, right.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And when you give loan-to-values obviously, you would generally impose sort of normalized valuation levels and you look at cash flow coverages which I think is really important element of determining your comfort level with a given investment at a given traunch on a capital structure and Ray is obviously an lender and we look... we've originated and we've purchased NASDAQ in the past, and so I feel very interested in doing that again a manageable size as we look at 08.
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Look Jim here the deal is when you're making an investment like this is you want to get paid back. Okay, the first and foremost thing is getting your money back. You look at it as if you going to hold it all the way through maturity, and so you have to underwrite what your exit is going to be either on the basis of what you think the loan-to-value is going to be at that point time and what you think that dynamism built into the cash flow is. So ECS situation where cash flow has some pretty dramatic upside potential and you may be more willing to step a little further up the capital stat going into the transaction, if you are a firm belief that cash flow is going to be realized overtime. It's a judgment call, but at the end of the day you got to look at as if you are going to hold this to maturity and...
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And there is a refinancing...
Raymond J. Lewis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Andthere is a refinancing that's going to take you out. And if you can't get comfortable if that's the case then its not a deal you should be doing.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: That's helpful. I will be interested in seeing what turns out. Switching to Sunrise, to the sense of Sunrise's ownership structure changes, what's the impact on your management contracts on their minority position in some of your assets, the rights are first, offer that you mention before. What happens, do you have any approval rights that will provide you some leverage into even better deal for yourself or is really a risk if... the ownership structure changes and they for example wanted to sell their real estate interest to somebody you would want them sell it to?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We can answer that. First all the contractual rights and obligations that we have relative to the Sunrise portfolio including right to first offer and so on will remain in place regardless of the ownership structure Sunrise regardless of whether it's public or private. In terms of being partners with them as you would expect, if those partnership interest where sold or in some cases financed we would have consent right there, with that but we do not have and more could a public company give you sort of a change of control right over the top level at Sunrise. So that's where we stand and whether that ultimately creates opportunities there for us, we will be yet to be seen and we were really focused on having them other financial statements and really you know be in good standing and I think that's going to be a big step forward if they can accomplish that.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then my last question relates to the earlier CapEx question, it does seem like the CapEx during the second half of the year was striking well above the guidelines you've provided, was there differed maintenance in the portfolio that required you to put additional money in?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No I think as you might imagine in operating assets, people they will only spend their budget in the first of the year and remember we were and so you might see some non-quarterly spending over the course of the year, but we definitely standpoint what we say which is about a 1,000 in 100 to 1,000 a door for the Sunrise stock.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thanks for listening.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Doctrow from Stifel, Nicolaus. Sir you may proceed.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I just had a quick follow-up, could you give us the actual occupancy on the stabilize Sunrise stuff to the 93 and 93, you said at one point it was actually north of 93. I am just trying to get a sense of the more specifically at the occupancy?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It was 93.1.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And what was the prior quarter?
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 93.3.
Jerry L. Doctrow - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, so it did move down a little bit. Okay there is tenth of percents matter so. All right thanks I just wanted to check
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Wait everything matters. I agree, I agree, okay. So operator is there any other questions?
Operator: Yes ma'am, you have a final question from the line of Chris Pike from Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Hi, Debbie. With respect to your comments regarding resilience in your senior housing, which you would obviously share and perhaps this question is better suited for law be interested in the room there and if I have chance to ask her, but based on your collective experiences is there been a time were you know significant economic shock as kind of entity armors [ph] you will with respect to absorption across the Alphorns [ph] sector.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Chris this is Debby. Look there is no sector, no business that is immune form large macro trend. And we don't suggest that our sector is but when I look across the real estate state and look I at fundamental. Over a medium term horizon here there would be no sector that I feel better about its owning and investing in, in the healthcare and senior housing space I think it is important and that's why we've given sort of guidance that we have, I think it's important to be realistic that this is going to even flow overtime and we acquired the portfolio, but we see good about the fundamentals we think that demand is going to continue to grow, and market penetration is going to continue to increase and that the combination of our long-term triple-net leases which are provides great cash flow growth with real solid sort, we are going to get those cash flows coupled with its higher potential growth on the Sunrise assets. Its going to provide a really excellent SOX platform for our investors going forward.
Christopher Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So if we don't have any additional questions. I want to thank the rest of my partners here at Ventas, and I want to thank our investors and participants in the call. We really appreciate your interest and support to the company, and look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Katie.
Operator: You are welcome have a great day.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Katie.
Operator: Just one second let me pull you into my headset.
Debra A. Cafaro - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
