===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2025 Investor Conference Call. All participants on today's call will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, after today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone. To withdraw your question, please press star, then 2. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: Good afternoon. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. John Vander Ark, our CEO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today to discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, including forward-looking financial information which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is 04/24/2025. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of the call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. In addition, Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our investor website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which demonstrated our ability to price ahead of inflation and effectively manage costs. We produced strong earnings growth and expanded margins while overcoming top-line headwinds from challenging winter weather and continued softness in cyclical volumes. During the quarter, we achieved revenue growth of 4%, generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 9%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 140 basis points, delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.58, and produced $727 million of adjusted free cash flow. These strong results were supported by our differentiated capabilities. Regarding customer zeal, our focus on delivering world-class essential services continues to support organic growth and enhanced customer loyalty. Our customer retention rate remains strong at more than 94%. We continue to see favorable trends in our net promoter score due to the value of our offerings and quality of our service delivery. First quarter organic revenue growth was driven by solid pricing across the business. Average yield on total revenue was 4.5%, and average yield on related revenue was 5.4%. This level of pricing continued to exceed our cost inflation and helped drive a 40 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion during the quarter. Organic volume on total revenue declined 1.2% in the quarter. Volume losses were concentrated to shedding underperforming contracts in the residential business and continued softness in construction and certain manufacturing end markets. Challenging winter weather also impacted volume results during the quarter. Turning to our expanding digital capabilities. We continue to advance the implementation of digital tools to improve the experience for both customers and employees. Development and deployment of Empower, our fleet and equipment management system, is progressing. Empower is designed to increase maintenance technician productivity and enhance warranty recovery. Today, we have implemented Empower at nearly 40% of our facilities. Moving on to sustainability. We believe that our sustainability innovation investments in plastic circularity and decarbonization position us for growth and long-term value creation. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities continues to move forward. In March, we hosted the grand opening of our Indianapolis Polymer Center. Product quality testing is progressing well. We expect to begin ramping commercial production volume in June with earnings contribution beginning in the second half of this year. This operation is colocated with a Blue Polymers production facility that is expected to be completed in the coming months. Construction on the Blue Polymers production facility in Buckeye, Arizona continues to progress. This facility will complement our Las Vegas Polymer Center. We expect the completion of this facility early next year. The renewable natural gas projects we're developing with our partners are advancing. One project came online during the first quarter, and two projects came online in April. We still expect a total of seven RNG projects to commence operations in 2025. We continue to advance our commitment to fleet electrification. We had 80 electric collection vehicles in operation at the end of the first quarter. We expect to have more than 150 EVs in our fleet by the end of this year. We now have 27 facilities with commercial-scale EV charging infrastructure. We expect to have more than 30 facilities with charging capabilities by the end of 2025. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continually strive to be the employer where the best people want to work. Our employee engagement score continues to improve, and our turnover rate continues to trend lower compared to the prior year. Our comprehensive sustainability performance continues to be widely recognized as Republic Services was named to Barron's 100 most sustainable companies list, Fortune's most innovative companies list, and Ethisphere's world's most ethical companies list. With respect to capital allocation, we invested $826 million in strategic acquisitions during the first quarter. This includes the acquisition of Shamrock Environmental, a leader in industrial waste and wastewater treatment services. This acquisition further strengthens our capabilities to provide high-demand services to our customers. Our acquisition pipeline remains supportive of continued activity in both the recycling and waste and environmental solutions businesses. We continue to see opportunity for more than a billion dollars of investment in value-creating acquisitions in 2025. As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we returned $226 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $45 million of share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Brian who will provide more details on the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, John. Core price on total revenue was 6.1%. Core price on related revenue was 7.3%, which included open market pricing of 9% and restricted pricing of 4.6%. The components of core price on related revenue include a small container of 9.1%, large container of 7.9%, and residential of 6.5%. Average yield on total revenue was 4.5%. And average yield on related revenue was 5.4%. First quarter volume performance on total revenue decreased 1.2% and volume on related revenue decreased 1.5%. Volume results on related revenue included a decrease in large container of 3.3%, primarily due to continued softness in construction-related activity in certain manufacturing end markets, and a 2.9% decrease in residential due to shedding underperforming contracts. We estimate that severe weather negatively impacted volume performance by $25 million to $30 million during the quarter. The weather impact was isolated to January and February. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $155 per ton during the first quarter. This compared to $153 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 30 basis points during the quarter. This was primarily driven by increased volumes at the Las Vegas Polymer Center and reopening a recycling center on the West Coast. Current commodity prices are approximately $160 per ton. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points to 31.6%. Margin performance during the quarter included margin expansion in the underlying business of 110 basis points and a 40 basis point increase from one less workday. This was partially offset by a 10 basis point decrease from acquisitions. With respect to Environmental Solutions, first quarter revenue increased $25 million compared to the prior year, driven by both organic growth in the business and the contribution from recent acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the Environmental Solutions business was 20.1%. This compares to 20.5% in the prior year. Margin performance in the Environmental Solutions business was impacted by project timing and severe winter weather. Adjusted free cash flow was $727 million, an increase of 36% compared to the prior year. This increase was driven by EBITDA growth in the business and the timing of working capital. This level of performance was in line with our expectations. Total debt was $13.4 billion and total liquidity was $2.6 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.6 times. Yesterday, Moody's upgraded our credit rating to A3. The upgrade recognizes the stability of our revenue base, strong EBITDA margin profile, and robust free cash flow generation. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments and renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 26.5% during the quarter. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star, then 1 on your touch-tone phone. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question today. If your question has been answered and you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing star then 2. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. And your first question today will come from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon. Maybe if you could just start by commenting on maybe what you're seeing out there and maybe more cyclical parts of the overall business. Any change in trends through the quarter and Q1 and anything that might have evolved into Q2? Thank you.
John Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah. Like we've mentioned, you know, cyclical volumes have been down. That's really been true for the last three years. We're kinda been in a, you know, negative demand environment. Really led by construction and manufacturing. It's a little difficult to tell when you mix in the weather what's happening. Certainly, January and February were softer on that front. And March has picked up, and April is following that trend. So we feel good about that. But I think on the construction side, we're expecting, you know, more flatness throughout the rest of the year just given where the ten-year interest rate is. We've got to get mortgage rates down. I think manufacturing is more of a wait and see. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty right now with tariffs. To the extent that we get a trade policy clarified, I think there could certainly be some pent-up demand. But for now, it's more of a wait and see.
Sabahat Khan: Great. And then maybe just continuing for that around that as my follow-up. Maybe just comment on your outlook on 2025, the guidance metrics, any changes in the puts and takes on the top line or the margin guidance provided at the last quarter? Thank you.
John Vander Ark: Yes. Maybe just as a matter of going forward, if we don't formally update our guidance, we are implicitly and explicitly reaffirming our guidance on that front. So again, it's always cyclical. Our seasonality in the business is important because you gotta see how demand comes in the second and the third quarter, which are our strongest quarters. And we've seen a nice pickup on that front. So we will update you more in the following quarter based on what we see coming in here in April, May, June.
Sabahat Khan: Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Bryan Bergmeier with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergmeier: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk through some of the puts and takes in margin expansion for solid waste in the first quarter. Quite a bit better than our forecast. I'm just curious how it kind of compared to your expectations. Maybe what went better than you expected? It seems like it's maybe all-time high margins, and I guess we normally don't think about Q1 being the high point. So just any kind of detail you can add would be great.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, Bryan. It was a good quarter. Obviously, with the level of margin expansion, we talked about this that we're still reaching back to relatively higher pricing. And there is this spread between that and the cost inflation, which we're realizing more on a real-time basis. So most of that is just driven by price in excess of our cost inflation. That said, a little bit of this was arithmetic as well. So, again, when we saw some of the softness and things like construction activity, which is good work, but it tends to be a little bit below our corporate average. But we saw some pretty strong special waste volumes in the quarter as well. That change in mix can actually have a positive impact on your overall margin performance. So again, slightly ahead of our initial expectation and we'll see where this goes through the balance of the year.
Bryan Bergmeier: Got it. Got it. Thanks for that. And, just maybe broadly, just kind of curious on your appetite for further M&A. I guess, on one hand, leverage is still pretty low, but then on the other hand, the macro outlook is quite uncertain. You know, you've already done quite a few deals year to date. So just further views on that. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
John Vander Ark: Yeah. In the prepared remarks, we mentioned that our pipeline is strong, and we're active in the space, both in recycling and waste and across environmental solutions. It's gotta meet two screens. One, it's gotta meet our strategic screen. Are we the natural owner of this? Is it a good fit for our business? And then financial screen as well, where we're gonna look for double-digit, you know, unlevered cash on cash returns. And most of the things that fit those screens then have some level of permanence associated with them, either permits and infrastructure, or density and small, large container permanent routing, so things that stand the test of time. So we're not going to buy a, you know, completely sick business, for example. That's just not a good fit for us. And so and we're buying these things forever. Right? We're not, you know, being opportunistic and saying we're gonna buy it, sell it. We're gonna keep it forever. So we'll take that through cycle mindset, and I think you'll see us be active the rest of the year.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
John Vander Ark: Afternoon.
Tyler Brown: Hey, John. So I think you've owned US Ecology for a while, but I guess, technically, you haven't owned it through a cycle. But like you kinda mentioned, I guess you could argue the last couple of years have been industrial malaise to say the least. But big picture, what are the KPIs that you're kind of looking at to assess the end market health? For that business? And is that business still about three-quarters recurring revenue and about one-quarter project or event work?
John Vander Ark: Yeah. We will start at the end. Broadly speaking, yes. No. I think putting those two things in discrete categories is a little less clear. For example, you may have a contract with a large industrial player to do something like emergency response. Well, there will be some variability year to year in that contract, and those are technically events. But overall, across years, it's a pretty stable stream on that front, but that seventy-five twenty-five for your purposes, I think, is a fair marker on that front. But if we look at the same thing other people do, we look at, you know, PMI from a manufacturing output standpoint. You know, we look at, you know, industrial activity or permitting, right, for more some type of event-based work. On that front. Again, you look at all those things, and they've been suggest historic softness. Right? Not those markets are not disasters either. They've just been soft for the last two, three years. And remember, Tony, because there's a lot of Yeah. There's a lot of overlap between our recycling and waste business and the environmental solutions business. So we see it on both sides. Same customer. Just a different waste stream.
Tyler Brown: Yeah. Exactly. Okay. That's helpful. And then John, can you just talk a little bit more about the Shamrock deal? Can you just talk about what it brings to the table, what exactly they do, maybe is it levered to PFAS? Just how it fits in that environmental service mosaic.
John Vander Ark: Yeah. Good question. Yeah. So they have commercial water treatment facilities, and we've had some of those through the US Ecology deal. So we're in that business. The primary reason we got into it is we had a lot they were a big or we are a big customer of theirs. We have a lot of industrial water on our back because when we go to serve our most complex customers, they have a lot of different needs and different waste streams, water being one of those. And so we knew the assets incredibly well. On that front. Great infrastructure base. Also fills out some dots on the map for us in terms of field services. On that front. So it felt really good, and they do have PFAS technology. We actually were taking some leachate to them as well. So that wasn't the primary driver of the deal, but that certainly will be supportive over time as PFAS becomes a bigger and bigger part of our service offer.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Yeah. That's very interesting. Very helpful. My last one here real quick, Brian. I know you guys are gonna address the guidance in July, but I think you had said last call, to expect a point, like, one point from M&A per revenue. Is that kind of number still intact? I think I just wanna make it clear that your guidance had already contemplated this heavy spend in Q1. Is that right?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. That's fair. It's right. It's still around a point. Okay. And that is correct that our guidance because we had already closed a majority of the transactions by the time that we were providing the guidance, we had included the revenue from those closed transactions in the guidance itself.
Tyler Brown: Yep. Perfect. Very clear. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. Wanted to ask on the margins side again. Just really strong quarter there. Seemed driven by price cost spread, and you mentioned the mix. Just, I guess, conceptually, that level of expansion has to moderate through the year in order to get to the guide. Just maybe just help bridge what do you think gets a little bit worse? I know there's a little bit of arithmetic as you mentioned, but is there anything that sort of gets worse, or is it conservatism just given maybe some uncertainty with regard to, you know, lighter volumes, etcetera?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Well, we think that, you know, the spread between the two, the price cost spread, we had said all along that we still anticipate pricing ahead of our cost inflation, but that that spread is gonna somewhat modulate over time. As you also move throughout '24, you can see the cadence that we have there. You start getting into tougher comps. So, again, you saw a big sequential uptick from Q1 into Q2, then again up into Q3 and, you know, again, Q4 being 80 basis points higher than where we were in the first quarter. This year, we still expect that natural seasonal progression, but a little bit flatter, if you will, with respect to the absolute throughout the year.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. And then, just on the volume side, you mentioned the resi shedding. Should that continue through the next few quarters, or when does that lap? And was that related to prior M&A? Or I guess what are the big drivers there?
John Vander Ark: Yeah. That maybe last for a few quarters here, and part of that is, you know, intentional shedding from M&A deals. And, again, we've talked about this a lot. When we do a deal, we know there's part of that revenue we're not gonna retain, and we don't pay for it in the deal. That's gonna come out of the system typically six, twelve, eighteen months later. We're always gonna honor those contracts. But we know they're unlikely to renew. And then some of that is us putting upward pressure on price. The municipal vertical and from this market is the one that has returns that need to go up. Right? Lots of capital, lots of investment in terms of people in the front line, and we're gonna look for customers that are willing to pay for the value that we deliver over time. And many, many customers do. Those that don't will continue to take our investments in our human resources and financial resources and place them in other parts of the market.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I just wanted to ask on your pricing and retention rates, both really impressive numbers. Pricing was, I think, half a point ahead of most expectations. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the business that's driving such attractive retention rates while pricing is at high levels as well? That really stood out in the results and the sustainability into the second quarter based on what you're seeing. Thanks.
John Vander Ark: Yes. Jerry, we continue to just see improvements in overall service delivery, which is leading to overall better NPS. And when you have that backdrop, and the customer can realize the value of the service you're providing, much more receptive to the pricing increase and staying with you longer. And, you know, again, that's why we say all of these things that we do are so interconnected as far as making sure that we're meeting the promises that we make to our customers each day, and we're seeing the benefits, and you're seeing it manifest itself in higher levels of pricing. And ultimately dropping to the bottom line.
Jerry Revich: Super. And then, you know, on the polymer centers, there's discussions about potentially increasing plastics use by your customers from aluminum. Can you just talk about I don't know if it's too early or not to talk about where pricing could ultimately go for the polymer center output. Given what seems like rising adoption and the transition towards recycled plastic from aluminum? What's that opportunity look like for you folks? How much higher could pricing go when you folks do ramp up across the facilities?
John Vander Ark: Yeah. It's certainly a tailwind versus a headwind and kinda why we got in the space we understood that the market and demand was there for recycled PET. And the supply was constrained. And that still proves to be true. Think we could sell out both Las Vegas and Indianapolis multiple times over. That's strength of the customer demand. And, obviously, we're pricing appropriately for that, and, we'll see where, you know, pricing goes as we move forward. Most of our contracts are of shorter duration. On that front because we're understanding price discovery and where that market moves. And as the market moves up, we'll be able to capture that.
Jerry Revich: And, sir, John, are you willing to share just the order of magnitude? How much higher could it be versus the initial contracts?
John Vander Ark: No. We'll wait and see. We wanna see whether the market evolves and develops on that front. But I think the upward trend is undeniable.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer and Co. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the questions. You know, I'm not sure if it was a record, but it certainly felt like your script to start off the call was maybe the tightest and most concise, I can remember. So thanks for giving us more time to ask questions. I guess I wanted to start with ES picking up on Tyler's line and questioning. It looked like it was about maybe 70 bps or so organic growth within the segment. Was that all price? What happened with volumes? I mean, obviously, weather was called as an impact, some project delays. And maybe you can kind of go from there to talk about what you expect, you know, kinda moving here into Q2.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Noah, what we saw there, we kinda combination of a little bit of a project mix, but also weather. And the reason we're mentioning that and the isolation of January and February is the results were very different in those two months than what we saw in March. March is more of what we would have expected. Where, again, we saw good organic growth and margin expansion. And when you think about that business, carries a little bit of a higher fixed cost base than what you tend to see in the recycling and waste business. And so when you have those days when you're down, it's a little bit tougher to overcome. So, again, we are, you know, again, optimistic about what we saw in March and based on some of the early, you know, results of what we're seeing in April. That it really was more of a weather issue. As well as we mentioned, there were some project items, where, again, when you take a look at the mix, we had a little bit more on the field services. And, again, when you bring some of that in, which is good work, but at a relatively lower margin than the post-collection side, you can see a little bit of the impact that you saw on margin.
Noah Kaye: Yep. Yep. Makes sense. So we kinda see a pickup back to good organic growth. The margin question is nasty. Couple of ways. I wanna ask slightly different. Because you do report by line item on the cost side. You know, some real leverage there on the fuel line. Also, some of the gains were in transfer and disposal. Then on maintenance. Now I suppose some of that is kind of related to the workday. But maybe you can just sort of parse out fuel like for like what that was as a benefit to margins in the quarter?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Well, if you actually take a look within the quarter, the impact of net because remember, you got fuel expense and then you've got our fuel recovery fee. It had no impact on margin year over year. So, again, the 40 basis points of margin right, most of which being in the underlying business, that 10 basis points that I mentioned is just gonna be, again, that price in excess of cost inflation. So it's coming from all of these line items. It's somewhat across the board. Once you actually normalize for the impact of net fuel. The workday at itself was 40 basis points of the 40.
Noah Kaye: Yep. Yep. Okay. This is very clear. Thanks. Last one, I just got to ask. You already commented the pipeline is strong. The $1 billion of M&A spend for the year just given the 1Q activity feels like a low bar. At this point, any reason to not anticipate that it couldn't meaningfully exceed that? Sounds like the pipeline is strong and the activity levels in the sector are very good. So just your bias towards the $1 billion.
John Vander Ark: Yeah. I like our chances to beat it.
Noah Kaye: Alright. Well, stay tuned. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Tammy Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tammy Zakaria: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the environmental solutions. EBITDA margin, I think, was down year over year. Are you able to isolate how much of that was due to I think you mentioned, and project timing. And so related to that, are you expecting that segment's EBITDA margin to eventually be up year over year in 2025?
John Vander Ark: Yes. To answer your last question first, yes. Listen. From a quarter to quarter, there's gonna be some mix that moves that margin around. And the nature of the work because some of that work for example, field services, could be very, very low capital work. So that might have downward pressure on the margin, but that's still value-creating work over time. And so I would, you know, encourage you to look at the trends across years, not quarters on environmental solutions. And I think what you've seen over, you know, three years of getting into this business and scale is nice margin expansion, and I think we'll, you know, consistently deliver on that trend, albeit at a slower pace in the first three years. But we'll continue to expand margins. The quarter to quarter, I don't think is gonna be a great signal.
Tammy Zakaria: Got it. That's super helpful. And then one question on the guide. I appreciate you mentioned you're gonna probably talk about it after the second quarter. But in your current guide, the volume growth of flattish at the midpoint, did that range of volume outcomes embed any recessionary scenario or any incremental slowdown in the broader economy? For the year?
John Vander Ark: No. I didn't anticipate a hockey stick rebound either, but I anticipated kinda slow and steady recovery, manufacturing, and construction. And as I mentioned, right, we haven't certainly didn't see that January, February, March, and April more promising on that front. And that's why we'll update you more after the next quarter.
Tammy Zakaria: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi. Good afternoon. Maybe if you can ask the ES margin question a little bit differently. So it sounds like you had some weather issues in Q1. Just wondering if some of the work that you're seeing pick up in March here, you know, from that project work that's pushed out or things like it is getting pushed out in Q2. If I look at the short history you've had this, it looks like sequential margins move up about two to 300 basis points quarter over quarter from Q1 into the second quarter. Just you know, is that a good seasonal range? And then just given some of the movement of the timing of some of this revenue, do you think you kinda track towards the upper end of that just as some of that work normalizes in April and hopefully May and June versus what you saw in January, February?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Hey. Hey, Kevin. Just real quick. We've talked about taking a through cycle mindset with the environmental solutions business and with what we're doing in the opportunities there. We said we saw margin expansion in the 75 to 100 basis points per year. Right, in contrast to the recycling waste business and kind of the 30 to 50. So, again, there was a little bit of this weather impact early in the first quarter, but we still think there's that trajectory as we move forward. And so I think you can think about that for the year. As well as for the next several years just because, again, it's a little bit more opportunity in that business, recycling waste being a little bit mature. And, we still see that opportunity going forward.
Kevin Chiang: That's helpful. And I know, tariffs will have a significant impact on your business. But just wondering as you think of your capital plan for this year, maybe even to 2026, just are you thinking about changing the cadence of how some of the capital comes through to maybe avoid the risk of tariffs or is the, you know, I guess, the planned outlay as we get through the next three quarters here I guess, relatively intact from what you would have thought four to six months ago for 2025, and maybe as you kind of early thoughts into 2026.
John Vander Ark: Yeah. In 2025, it'll have minimal impact. Right? It won't be zero, but we're in a plan to mitigate that. And other initiatives. And then I think '26 is TBD. Right? We are working really, really hard, including things like asking our suppliers to spell out or specify any tariff-related surcharges on that front. Because this will be an environment where it would be easy to try to pass through price that end up sticking if we have a different trade policy and, you know, come thirty days or sixty days or three months. So we're working really hard on that front. I think it's too early to tell. There are some minor things we're doing about moving the things around the supply chain to make the more things that landed here. That front to minimize the tariff impact. But we'll have better visibility in the next three months.
Kevin Chiang: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Trevor Romeo with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Trevor Romeo: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. One quick one. Back to volumes, just noticed that the MSW and the volumes were down, I think, 4% in the quarter. Just wondering if there was anything, you know, specific or maybe lumpy, you'd call it, as a driver there and what's your view on, you know, MSW volumes to come back, going forward?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Look. That's where you're certainly gonna see some weather. Right, you know, impact on that front. So, again, that's what we think most of that was, you know, for the first quarter. Wanna point out at the same time that the yield in that business was 6.8%. So total MSW as a line of business increased over 3% from an organic growth perspective. But we think that, you know, that volume comes back as we look forward into the future quarters.
Trevor Romeo: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And then just wanted to follow-up on, you know, I guess, appreciate the commentary on the polymer center so far, but maybe on your more traditional recycling facilities. I was just wondering if you could talk about the upgrade opportunity there across your footprint. I think you had the one in Anaheim that just reopened this month. You know, was wondering if you could talk about how much further opportunity you see there to increase efficiency and take some labor benefits. Thank you.
John Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah. Most of what we do there is there's just a continual movement across our 75 plus recycling centers to upgrade capital, certainly to maintain it. Every time we do that, you put in more automation and it takes out some labor on that front. So Anaheim was unique because it was a complete retool and rebuild, and there's advantages to that because you can get everything designed perfectly. But we are constantly going through the fleet and the system to, you know, take of we're trying to create a better product. That is all where the investment goes. Inevitably, that takes out some jobs along with it.
Trevor Romeo: Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. I was hoping you could talk a bit about your polymer centers. Maybe if you could talk about how the ones that are open are performing, maybe hitting, you know, the certain kind of rates or efficiency rates or output that you've been targeting. You know? So any update there? And then, also, just given the change of administration and potential for deregulation, anything that could cause an impact as you're as you see now in terms of some of your RNG plants coming live? Thanks.
John Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah. So polymer centers have been exciting in the sense they've met our assumptions on inbound volume. We have most of it on our back, so that's easy. We do take some third-party volume and we could certainly take more if we needed to. Very exciting on the demand standpoint in terms of customers willing to buy them multiple facilities out if they could and hitting our price points. And then from an operating standpoint, absolutely, in terms of can we produce the product? Now Vegas has had some learnings in terms of getting the product quality completely design dialed in to the specific specs of customers. And listen, innovation's hard. It's not a straight line. So we've learned some things on that, and feel really excited about where that's going and then captured all those learnings into Indianapolis. And so that startup has been much quicker and taken all advantage of the product quality learnings and other lessons on that front. Then administration change, listen. The predominant regulatory structure in this industry is state. And so that's where we spend the vast majority of our energy. There could be some puts and takes on the federal level around, you know, tax incentives, or other types of incentives. You know, RIN is a good example where we had landfill gas energy in the first Trump administration. Right? And we're having it in this administration. RIN's prices are hanging right in there. Could they be a little higher in a different administration? Probably. On that front. But broadly speaking, those projects are still hitting their financials. And, Stephanie, as you remember, when we announced the investments in both RNG and fleet electrification, that was prior to the inflation reduction act. So those credits came out after we actually made that decision to invest. So they were gonna be additive. They were gonna take a good return and even make a better return. So obviously want those credits to stay in place. But it would not have changed our decision or the that we anticipated when we made those investments if they were to be repealed.
Stephanie Moore: Got it. And, actually, just a follow-up there. John, I guess, to your point, you know, what would cause you to consider bringing in, you know, external or outside volumes into those polymer centers?
John Vander Ark: We do. The plan is to take more and more. It's just building up. These things have about a twelve-month build to get to full run rate capacity on that front. And then we'll get to a after we have our four facilities completed, then I think we'll get to decision point, do we need a fifth facility or not? On that front?
Stephanie Moore: Great. Appreciate the time.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Tobey Sommer with Truist. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you. On the M&A opportunity in front of you, any shuffling of the motivations of the sellers? Anything changing in their motivation to sell at this time?
John Vander Ark: Not really given what I talked about earlier that these are high-quality assets. These are great operators. They've run the business for decades on that front, so they know what they have. That being said, broader uncertainty is probably helpful for us on the margin in terms of M&A. Which is uncertainty makes people think about taking chips off the table and cashing out on decades of investment. But that's not a big driver for our pipeline.
Tobey Sommer: Okay. Thank you. And then just curious if you're with all that's going on in DC with proposed budget changes, mostly cuts, and prospective regulatory changes. Anything you're observing in evolving customer behaviors that you'd call out?
John Vander Ark: Not that I can think of at this point.
Tobey Sommer: Okay. Didn't think so, but I appreciate the response. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli Funds. Please go ahead.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks for taking my call, gentlemen. Obviously, you've done a wonderful job. You're obvious this environment you're in, you're this industry is very well set up. I guess, you know, the margin performance, you know, where do you go from here over the next few years? Maybe talk about something potential transformational. Obviously, U.S. Ecology business has been a great win for you. And then maybe also, what is keeping you up at night right now, obviously, with the uncertainty going on looking forward? If you could just talk about some of those things.
John Vander Ark: Yeah. Listen, we think we've got a lot of growth potential ahead of us. We've got, you know, we're a relatively small share player, broadly speaking. Right? So 15% recycling and waste. Same thing in environmental solutions, and we're just getting started in sustainability. Innovation is really our third engine for growth on that. So you'll see us grow there organically. You'll see us grow there through price, and you'll see us grow there through M&A. So you really have a lot of avenues and pathways to grow going forward. And we benefit from being a recession-resilient business. Obviously, we've talked about some of the challenges, but the challenges are very modest. Compared to the macro context of other businesses where they're facing, you know, twenty, thirty, percent drops in demand. So we feel fortunate to be in the space on that. Obviously, the macro environment does impact our business. Right? It's a, you know, company or the country or the world goes into recession, we're gonna feel some of that, and we'll adjust accordingly. But again, we're running the business through the cycle for the long term on that. So you'll see us continue to invest. And make value-creating both organic and inorganic investments.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks so much. Great job, John and team.
John Vander Ark: Appreciate it. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Thanks, guys, for getting me in. Just Brian, I appreciate you've mentioned the look back on the pricing side a few times on the call. But I also know you guys have kind of changed a lot of the mix of your contracts. So just to be kind of clear, you know, you had a really strong start to Q1. When we even look at the open or restricted, is we thinking more of a gradual step down, Brian? Or is there a bigger follow-up that we should kind of be anticipating, just because you had such a good start to the year? Just trying to kind of think about how that plays out through the year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: No. I would say it's more gradual. And, again, to your point earlier on some of the work that we've done, going back, to, you know, where we were in 2016 when we were predominantly linked to headline CPI and some of the moves that we made to alternative indices, whether it be water sewer trash, a garbage trash, or a fixed rate, As I said, we've moved about 63% of that portfolio. And if you take a look right now on a six-month look back, water sewer trash is running close to 5%, garbage trash 4.5 relative to headline CPI. In the high twos, 2.7%. That has certainly given us again, a nice floor from which we're sitting here able to price when you take a look at the 4.6% that we saw in restricted pricing. So we would expect that to be more gradual I would say, as we move sequentially, just because the way that the pricing mechanism works, itself, but it'll be in and around that range.
Michael Feniger: Great. And, Brian, just last one. Pre you know, if you touched on this, I apologize, but the free cash flow conversion was really strong. You know, I know there's always some moving pieces. Anything we should be thinking about there when we look at that conversion rate either from the cash from ops side, but also the free cash flow side. It was just a really strong start. You know, anything you wanna flag there and how we should kind of think about that through the year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Look, the biggest component of that growth was the EBITDA growth in the business. But as you also can see, there was a benefit from working capital, just some timing things quite honestly. We had one less payroll period in the quarter. So some things that normalize throughout the year. So really good start to the year. Pleased with that but we would sit there and say it was, you know, on our marks. And that's why I mentioned in the prepared remarks that it was in line with our expectations.
Michael Feniger: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question today will come from James Schumm with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
James Schumm: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Just one for me. As I look at your recycling revenues, how much of what portion of the mix is a fee-based structure versus the other portion, which would be commodity price sensitive? Is it, like, half and half? Or how should I think about that?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, when you take a look, just, you know, overall, when you take a look at our business, we've got about, you know, 60% of our business both on the collection as well as the recycling side, the recycling side is gonna be a fee for service. Right? And then you've got, obviously, the sale of the commodities as well. So when you take a look just the way that the math works, you're looking at about, you know, fifty-fifty mix between the two on just the recycling book of business because most of that's on the recycling processing side. Which would be the combination of the fee for service as well as the sale of the recycled commodity.
James Schumm: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. That's all I had.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mister Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
John Vander Ark: Thank you, Nick. As we close out the call, I want to thank the entire Republic Services team for their continued focus on safety, sustainability, and service. Through their efforts, we are positioned for continued success. Have a good evening, and be safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's conference tape. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in a listen-only mode. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter and full year 2024 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today to discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, including forward-looking financial information, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discussed today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 13, 2025. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. In addition, Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our investor website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Republic team finished the year strong. We delivered world-class service and innovative solutions for our customers and executed our strategy to profitably grow the business. As a result of the team's efforts, we delivered adjusted EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow that exceeded our full-year guidance. During 2024, we achieved revenue growth of 7%, generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 12%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 140 basis points, delivered adjusted earnings per share of $6.46, and produced $2.18 billion of adjusted free cash flow. We continue to be well-positioned to capture new opportunities and create long-term value for our stakeholders through our differentiated capabilities, customer zeal, digital, and sustainability. Regarding customer zeal, our focus on delivering world-class essential services continues to support organic growth and enhanced customer loyalty. Our customer retention rate remains strong at more than 94%. We continue to see favorable trends in our net promoter score due to the value of the offerings and quality of our service delivery. Fourth-quarter organic revenue growth was driven by solid pricing across the business. Average yield on total revenue was 4.4% and average yield on related revenue was 5.3%. This level of pricing continued to exceed our cost inflation and helped drive 110 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion during the quarter. Organic volume on total revenue declined 1.2% in the quarter. Volume losses were concentrated to shedding underperforming contracts in the residential business and continued softness in construction and certain manufacturing end markets. Turning to our expanding digital capabilities, we continue to advance the implementation of digital tools to improve the experience for both customers and employees. Deployment of EMPower, our new fleet and equipment management system, is underway. EMPower is designed to increase maintenance technician productivity and enhance warranty recovery. Deployment of the new system is anticipated to be completed by the end of 2025. We estimate EMPower will deliver $20 million of annual cost savings once fully implemented. We continue to benefit from innovative technology on our recycling and waste collection routes. We utilize cameras to identify overfilled containers and recycling contamination, which is enabled by our RISE digital platform. This technology generated more than $60 million in incremental revenue in the first year of operation. Moving on to sustainability, we believe that our sustainability innovation investments in plastic circularity and renewable natural gas position us for continued growth and long-term value creation. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities continues to move forward. Construction is complete at our Indianapolis Polymer Center and equipment commissioning is underway. This operation is co-located with a Blue Polymers production facility that is expected to be completed by mid-2025. We expect earnings contribution from the Indianapolis Polymer Center in the second half of this year. Construction on the Blue Polymers production facility in Buckeye, Arizona is underway. This facility will complement our Las Vegas Polymer Center. We expect the completion of this facility in late 2025. We continue to bring decarbonization solutions to the market that will unlock value for our stakeholders, including the communities we serve. The renewable natural gas projects we're developing with our partners continue to advance. Two projects came online during the fourth quarter, and another project came online in January. We expect a total of seven new RNG projects to come online in 2025. We continue to advance our commitment to fleet electrification. We had 52 electric collection vehicles in operation at the end of 2024. We expect to have more than 150 EVs in our fleet by the end of this year. We now have 22 facilities with commercial-scale EV charging infrastructure. We expect to have approximately 30 facilities with charging capabilities by the end of 2025. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continually strive to be the employer where the best people want to work. In 2024, our employee engagement score remained high at 86. Internal rates continue to trend lower with full-year turnover improving 150 basis points compared to the prior year. Our comprehensive sustainability performance continues to be widely recognized as Republic Services was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the ninth consecutive year. With respect to capital allocation in 2024, we invested $358 million in strategic acquisitions and returned $1.18 billion to shareholders, which includes $490 million of share repurchases. Our results clearly demonstrate our ability to create sustainable value, and our strategic investments strengthen the foundation to continue to grow our business. In 2025, we expect to deliver profitable growth while continuing to invest in the business to drive lasting value. More specifically, we expect full-year revenue in a range of $16.85 billion to $16.95 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $5.275 billion to $5.325 billion. We expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share in a range of $6.82 to $6.90. Generate adjusted free cash flow in a range of $2.32 billion to $2.36 billion. Our pipeline supports continued acquisition activity in both recycling and waste and environmental solutions. We expect to deploy at least $1 billion of investment in value-creating acquisitions in 2025. Our 2025 guidance includes the financial contribution from acquisitions closed to date. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter and year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 6.1% in the fourth quarter, core price on related revenue was 7.3%, which included open market pricing of 9.1% and restricted pricing of 4.5%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 9.6%, large container of 7.4%, and residential of 6.8%. Average yield on total revenue was 4.4% and average yield on related revenue was 5.3%. As expected, average yields stepped down sequentially as we fully anniversary the impact of new fees implemented in late 2023. The fees relate to overfilled containers and recycling contamination and were enabled by our digital platform. In 2025, we expect average yield on total revenue of approximately 4% and average yield on related revenue of approximately 5%. Fourth-quarter volume on total revenue decreased 1.2% and volume on related revenue decreased 1.5%. Volume results included a decrease in large container of 4.6%, primarily due to continued softness in construction-related activity and certain manufacturing end markets, and a 2.8% decrease in residential due to intentionally shedding underperforming contracts. In 2025, we expect organic volume growth in the recycling and waste business in a range of negative 25 basis points to positive 25 basis points. Moving on to recycling, commodity prices were $153 per ton during the fourth quarter. This compared to $131 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 20 basis points during the quarter. Full-year 2024 commodity prices were $164 per ton. This compared to $117 per ton in the prior year. Current commodity prices are approximately $145 per ton, which is the baseline used in our 2025 guide. Fourth-quarter total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 110 basis points to 31%. Margin performance during the quarter included margin expansion in the underlying business of 110 basis points, a 10 basis point increase from net fuel, and a 10 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices. This was partially offset by a 20 basis point decrease from acquisitions completed in the prior year. Our full-year adjusted EBITDA margin was 31.1%, which represents margin expansion of 140 basis points compared to the prior year. Margin expansion in the recycling and waste business was 130 basis points and margin expansion in the Environmental Solutions business was 230 basis points. With respect to environmental solutions, fourth-quarter revenue increased nearly $70 million compared to the prior year, driven by organic growth in the business and the rollover contribution of prior year acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the Environmental Solutions business expanded more than 500 basis points to 24.7% in the fourth quarter. Total company depreciation, amortization, and accretion was 11% of revenue in 2024 and is expected to be 11.2% of revenue in 2025. Full-year 2024 adjusted free cash flow was $2.18 billion, an increase of 10% compared to the prior year. This was driven primarily by EBITDA growth in the business. Total debt at the end of the year was $12.8 billion and total liquidity was $2.5 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was approximately 2.6 times. We expect net interest expense of approximately $565 million in 2025. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments in renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 23.4% and 23.9% for the full year. The favorable tax rate in the fourth quarter was supported by tax credits related to investments in RNG projects with our development partners. We expect an equivalent tax impact of approximately 25% in 2025, made up of an adjusted effective tax rate of 20% and approximately $170 million of non-cash charges from equity investments in renewable energy. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question today. If your question has been answered and you would like to withdraw your request, please press *2. Your first question today will come from Bryan Bergmeier with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergmeier: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. So ES was obviously really strong last year, and I think you've said ERP implementation was kind of ongoing throughout the year. So with that now completed, is it fair to say there's almost another sort of leg up for this business since it's fully integrated? Or you maybe just help me frame what comes next for ES? Having hit, you know, 24% margins and seemingly cleared a bit of a hurdle.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Onward and upward with the business. We continue to remain very positive on our prospects there. Great year last year and you're right, lots of heavy lifting by the team in terms of IT integration. We certainly have most of that behind us. There's certainly some work we're gonna work on the rest of the year. But we will mostly pause M&A in that area last year just to give the team time to breathe and integrate. And so, you know, we see opportunities certainly for M&A growth coming in that space in 2025, as well as more organic growth. Right? This a lot of the IT work enables us to do more cross-sell, better visibility, more clarity on product line profitability. And so we will see that ramping up throughout the year in 2025 and certainly beyond as well.
Bryan Bergmeier: Got it. Got it. Thanks for that detail. And then was just wondering, Jon, if you could touch on the margin bridge year over year for 2025. I think we're looking like 20, 30 basis points increase year on year, and think you saw in the last call, you know, long term, you're trying to get to maybe 30 to 50 as opposed to 20 to 30. So just a little bit of detail on your margin expansion would be great, and I'll turn it over. Good luck on the quarter.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. We kinda say across if you look across the cycle, kind of 30 to 50 basis points a year. In any given year, it could be a little more outsized or a little more muted on that front. Obviously, coming off an incredibly strong year in 2024 of 140 basis points of margin expansion. And then as you get into 2025, listen, you know, the end market, construction particularly and then parts of manufacturing, are still, you know, pretty soft. So we're looking for those to come back. Manufacturing is showing some really good early signs on that front. Construction where interest rates are in terms of impact on mortgage rates in the ten year I think that's gonna be delayed here from a progress standpoint. So that certainly feeds into that. I know it Dell had in. Yeah. Brian, you know, to your point, when you take a look at the midpoint, you're looking at approximately 30 basis points of margin expansion. But if you unpack that, you take a look, we took the current price of commodities and we held that flat for the entire year. So that's approximately $145 per ton. If you compare that to the $165 average we had in 2024, about a 10 basis point headwind year over year. As well as then some deal and integration costs we have on the acquisition front. We look at that as about a 10 basis point headwind as well. So the underlying business is growing approximately 50 basis points plus. That 50 basis points is also overcoming what I would consider kind of some unique items. For example, we are not assuming that CNG tax credits are renewed. That cost us about $20 million or 10 basis points on a year over year basis. So if you really look at the strength of the underlying business, you're in a 60, 70 basis point of margin expansion as compared to the headline which would suggest something closer to 30.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Todd.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Ron. Great detail on the bridge. But hey, Jon. I'm interested in the billion dollars in acquisition commentary. I know that's not included in the guidance. It's probably just a placeholder, but you must feel pretty good. So what do you kinda see out there on the M&A front? Are you looking at traditional solid waste, or could there be some more specialty hazardous waste type stuff in the pipe as well?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I think for the last few years, we've put a marker out there more, like, $500 million. And we're typically, let's get an indicator. We're always gonna look at deals that pass due screens, our strategic filter and our financial filter. The outsized number this year is predicated off a really strong start already. So we feel really good about the momentum the team has and things that are either closed or nearly closed on that front. So we've got a big head start and that gives you a better indication of where we're gonna end up. In terms of where it's come from, plus we got a really good pipeline on ES and recycling and waste. I would expect that pipeline looks a little heavier slanted in the first half toward the ES. And then over the back half, probably heavier more heavily slanted toward recycling and waste. But we'll see all of those things play out.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So, Ron, is there a material M&A benefit in 2025 based on what has been closed today in Q1? I'm more confused on that.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, if you just take, I'll put it in terms of revenue. If you take a look at rollover, which was pretty insignificant from deals in 2024, but including what's closed to date, we've got about a full point of revenue growth from those deals.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then back on the flattish volume, is there any benefit from wildfires or hurricane cleanup in there? Is that just not material, or would that be upside, or how should we think about that?
Jon Vander Ark: We didn't bake it in. Right? I think there will be over time. I think it TBD, how that plays out. I mean, we're certainly on the ground right now with our ES teams, supporting those communities and getting the household hazardous waste cleaned up. And that will ultimately matriculate into some forms of hazardous waste and certainly plenty of special waste that ends up in the landfills exactly where and how that ends up? We don't know yet, so that's not built in.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Great quarter, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. The 5% yield and related revenue in the guide, can you comp that to cost inflation expectations on related? Are you looking, like, for the 3.5 and maybe 150 of spread? Right way to think about it?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I think we're probably closer to 4 on the cost side. If you layer employee wage increases, benefits, etcetera, inflation on maintenance. So that takes us right about 4 and then 5 on related.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. And then I just had to think about seasonality for the year. You know, I think there are certainly on things like commodities, more favorable comps within the year. It's not that big of a headwind for you. But you also have, as you mentioned, some M&A benefits. So just give us some rough guidelines on how you think about at least sort of EBITDA cadence for the year.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I would say just think about from the perspective of margin expansion. We would see it more balanced, you know, this year than maybe what you've seen over the last couple years. Maybe a little bit more heavily slanted towards the first half of the year than the second. But, you know, you can think of it relatively consistent for, you know, by quarter. First half, second half with margin expansion in all quarters. And across all business types.
Noah Kaye: That's super clear. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm wondering if you just talk about how the polymer centers are performing, Jon. Are you folks hitting the efficiency rates that you had targeted and, you know, what's the level of contribution, Brian, that you folks are embedding in the guide from the polymer centers plus the RNG plants? Can you calibrate us on that?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I'd say, you know, listen, some learning and start-up costs in terms of uptime on equipment and getting that dialed in. Certainly, some learnings on getting the specification right with each of the individual customers. There's some uniqueness there and some learning associated with that. The good news is, right, all of our assumptions on run rate in terms of price, cost, volume, willingness to pay, right, really strong and really positive on those assumptions. So feeling good about the place that Las Vegas is right now, we're taking all those learnings, obviously, and feeding those into Indianapolis. And so, you know, on our marks and I don't wanna report, and I'll let Brian cover the specifics.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So for next year, you know, across our portfolio, sustainability investments, we're looking at incremental revenue around $70 million and incremental EBITDA of $35 million.
Jerry Revich: That is clear. Thank you. And then, Brian, I just wanna go back to your comment on the weighting of margins, the downside of having a really good performance in 2024 and really good fourth quarter is maybe a bit of a tough comp. So, you know, if we were to apply normal seasonality to the fourth quarter margin run rate, think it would imply first-quarter margins that are up 150 to 200 basis points year over year, and it sounds like you're guiding to just more modest margin improvement on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter? Is there anything lumpy in the fourth quarter? Can you just expand on that? Because it felt like you've built momentum across the businesses over the course of 2024.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. But, you know, Jerry, if you step back and you think about a normal level of seasonality, and you think about the distribution where you generate the amount of earnings and relative margin expansion, Q1 is seasonally your lowest quarter. You've got the winter months. You also have the highest percentage of employee-related taxes. So that tends to be your low watermark. And generally followed by Q4. And then Q2 and Q3 are relatively similar, but I would put Q2 as third and Q3 as far as meaning it's or Q3 is the highest level of margin expansion for the year. So, sequentially, going from 31% in the fourth quarter, to something that steps down modestly, is not gonna generate 100 basis points of margin expansion on a year-over-year basis. If you recall, margin was 30.2% in the first quarter of 2024.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Trevor Romeo with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Trevor Romeo: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask to follow-up on the environmental solutions business. Really nice quarter of growth there. Just in terms of the revenue performance, just wondering if you could, I guess, talk about the pricing environment for hazardous waste for one. And then just kind of maybe split out what you're seeing between the treatment and disposal versus the field services business and how you're thinking about each of those pieces moving into 2025?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Obviously, lots of positive impact on margin performance over the last two and a half years since we did the US Ecology acquisition. And that's come through a number of different levers. That's come certainly through customer mix. Of getting attractive customers who are willing to pay more and shedding, you know, work that's less profitable. That's come from, you know, pricing the work that we do. It's come from cost management and being more efficient and utilizing resources. And so if you think about our movement going forward, we're not gonna expand margins at the same rate as we have over time, but we're kicking continue to expand margins. In that space because and we think there's value of the work that we're delivering. And as we continue to build that out, we'd be have a more differentiated set of products and services. So you'll see pricing on both of the post-collection on assets as well as the field service and, you know, that's good. Will look more like single price increases a year more ratable like we do in recycling and waste. Versus multiple price increases within the year. But we expect continued momentum and contribution in 2025.
Trevor Romeo: Okay. Great. Thanks for that, Jon. And then wanted to follow-up on the labor environment a little bit. I think you mentioned turnover was 150 basis points lower in 2024. Was just wondering, you know, one, where does that place you relative to kind of your historical averages? And then two, any sort of new initiatives you're putting in place in 2025 and, I guess, how much runway you think you have to decrease turnover further? Would be great.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I don't we don't have, you know, 30-year numbers on turnover, but this is a decade low. Right? We are really performing at a high level from a turnover standpoint. And it starts with leadership, employee engagements, very, very strong. And a lot of good things happen when you get turnover into that spot, which is you're servicing customers at a very effective rate. Those customers are happy with the service, and they pay more, and they stay longer. When you do that, we certainly looked for room to improve turnover. Unlike say where your goal is zero. The goal in turnover is not zero. Some level of turnover is always natural and healthy. And so I don't think we're gonna get the same leap and improvement in 2025, but we're gonna continue to grind out a few more basis points of improvement. We think the team is capable of that.
Trevor Romeo: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon. Just a quick question on, you know, similar to the ES pricing and margin question earlier. I guess on solid waste, as you look across your portfolio, how is the pricing sort of discussion with the clients going? Is there, you know, more pushback, less pushback at this point in the cycle? Are you kinda get those of feedback, like, on that front? Just wondering, after fears of sort of higher pricing, things do seem to be moderating. Are customers still kind of okay with the spread? Just any feedback would be great.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I mean, our pricing is obviously coming down from an ab when you look at our yield, over the past couple of years, but also our cost inflation is coming down as well, which we mentioned. And we're maintaining that spread. I think there was some fear that as price was gonna come down, cost wasn't, we were gonna get a price cost squeeze and we certainly haven't seen that. And a 3% inflationary environment is a really good spot for us to operate on that front. And, you know, we measure how much of our price sticks or retention rate, and that's remaining very, very healthy. On that front. So we're We got a lot of tools and sophistication in terms of who we price and how we price them. The team is doing a great job of giving customers, again, a price that they'll take, but also state. Because we wanna maintain that high level of loyalty that we have with our customers. Going forward. And I'd say the one opportunity we have on pricing, which continues to be, is in the municipal space. That's one on the restricted side. And that's just an area of the business in general where, you know, customers on balance are not paying their fair share. Right? We put an enormous amount of innovation, capital, and labor into that equation. And we have many attractive customers and contracts, but not all of them. Meet our standards. And so you'll continue to see us optimize that portfolio over the
Sabahat Khan: Great. And then just one on the RNG facilities. I think we're looking for four to come online. I think two came online. Is that just the timing thing, or how are you thinking about the rest of the RNG facilities?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. It's more of a timing thing. There's a little bit of a rollover we would expect those two to come online in the first quarter. And so, again, from a contribution perspective, they're think of it like a 90-day delay.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Very much. I'll pass the line.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Tobey Sommer with Truist Security. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you very much. With respect to the, you know, kind of employee attrition level, you said decade low. How much juice do you think is left in that lemon to kind of squeeze out? Because anytime you're at kind of a metric is at an unusual period, either peak or trough. I'm kind of curious what you might look to as leading indicators to signal that we might be approaching the end of that as a tailwind to margin.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I mean, you think about that. You normally say, well, you know, achieve that in a very, you know, high unemployment environment. Where people are gonna have a hard time finding jobs externally, and so they're gonna keep the job they have. But we're at 4% unemployment. So you know, that labor market is still tight relative to, you know, a 20 or 30-year period. And I think a lot of it has to do with engagement. Right? It's how we compensate our general managers. Right? We think about paying them to achieve a financial outcome, to achieve a and to achieve an employee outcome. And they really put a lot of energy in making Republic a great place to work. And so, again, I think we've got the rate of improvement won't be 150 basis points this year. Right? I think it'll be more narrow than that, but we think we can continue to make progress.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Sorry. This is Harold Antonoff, Stephanie Warren. So you guys talked about, you know, how to finish from overflowing bins. So I just wanna get a sense for how far you are through that process, implement those additional fees and that. How are conversations going with customers as you move from fixed rate contracts to alternative indices?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Let me start with the latter as far as on the alternative indices. Since the beginning of when we started this initiative, we're 63% of those contracts have either been moved to an alternative indices like water sewer trash or garbage trash or a fixed rate that we would consider favorable.
Harold Antonoff: Got it. Thank you for that color. And I guess just on the regulatory side, given your administration you guys are looking at or any other regulations.
Jon Vander Ark: On written prices, we assume very conservative assumptions on our project as we move forward. And you've seen your RINs prices come down, but now they're trending back up here over the last couple of weeks. On that front. So we remain enthusiastic about our landfill gas energy pipeline and the set of projects we're gonna have come online this year and in future years on that front. And then, you know, PFAS was a PFAS is a broad issue that society wants to address and take care of regard of regardless of political administration. There's still a lot of TBDs on kind of timing and pace of recovery. But we feel very good about our team and our capabilities in terms of our ability not only to catch it and treat it on the landfill side from a solid waste perspective, well, even more importantly, the opportunity upside to help customers from an ES standpoint. A solution standpoint, to take care of their issues, remediate facilities, and then ultimately find a final disposal for the material.
Harold Antonoff: Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Brian Butler with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. On the first one, just when you think on the RNG and sustainability adding kind of the $35 million in EBITDA in 2025. What? What's the capital spend with that? And then beyond 2025, what's remaining from a capital as well as an EBITDA contribution from future projects?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, if you remember, Brian, so we are developing our polymer centers as wholly owned facilities. So really, the only thing that's running through our CapEx is the investment in the polymer centers. Which is, you know, obviously embedded into our free cash flow guide. So for 2025, we look to spend another $75 million on polymer centers, which is relatively consistent with what you've seen over the last several years. So really not much of a change from what you've seen in the baseline. The other investments that we're making are more in the JVs, the partnerships themselves and in both the landfill gas to energy projects, as well as with Blue Polymers, we have a minority interest. So that investment comes through the statement of cash flows, but more like an acquisition would. As an other investing activity. And so if you take a look at next year, we would look to spend combined about $100 million in the investments in both of those JVs.
Brian Butler: Okay. That's helpful. No. I get most of my questions answered, but I one out there. I mean, fundamentals look really good. A lot of know, fixed stuff on a lot of the programs you have internally. What are some of the risks out there that you see kind of strategically going forward from where we are today?
Jon Vander Ark: I think broader macro environment. Listen, we've lived through a pandemic and high inflation and war at the shore of Europe and other elements. So you know, macro slowdown in the economy, what happens with tariffs and impact on inflation, none of those things I would say, keep us up at night. But we're watchful and mindful of the macro environment in which we operate. On that front, in terms of what we can control, safety is our number one priority, so that's what we get up every day and focus on. And outside of that, we feel like the things in the business and in front of us are great.
Brian Butler: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today will come from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli Funds. Please go ahead.
Tony Bancroft: Hey, gentlemen. Congratulations. Very well done. And just this one sort of runs along the lines of you know, your environmental solutions acquisition is obviously turned out very well and has a lot of potential opportunity going forward. Is there anything out there that you could see that could be a transformational type of acquisition that's either in, you know, in your space or maybe something different, something more on the sustainability side that you could see maybe this sort of longer term, maybe three to five years or longer?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. We maintain a perspective on everything and everybody, and know, any deal or opportunity of consequence, we're gonna have a perspective on. That being said, those things often are opportunistic and uncertain. So we don't build our strategy hinged on some type of bigger deal. And I think what you've seen over the last five years is we've driven a lot of value in the business by small and medium-sized deals and then really good execution organically as well. And I think that will be more of the same. It will keep our eyes open. And if there's big opportunities, we'll be certainly aggressive in considering those, but nothing is imminent.
Tony Bancroft: Great. Well, great job. Thank you so much.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Konark Gupta with Scotia Capital. Please go ahead.
Konark Gupta: Thanks for taking my question. Know, I think a lot of questions have been asked here, but some sensitivity. You know, the commodity price environment is obviously not highly predictable right in think, like, the way you are kind of assuming your commodity price is for 2025, it seems like it's gonna be a decent headwind in 2025. If the commodity prices kind of start to move up higher than where you think they should be, you know, how should we think about the sensitivity to your earnings from that?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Just and we disclosed this that on average, a $10 move in recycled commodity prices on our basket of goods is approximately $10 million of annual EBITDA. So even when you take a look at what recycled commodities are right now, $145 and we maintain, we assume that they stay flat throughout 2025, relative to the $165 average. It's down $20 million when you think about the EBITDA contribution, which isn't insignificant. But it's not overly material either. And so, again, just to give you an idea, if you see, you know, commodity prices moving, again, it's on our basket. You have the sensitivity, and you can expect that impact. From both the revenue and an EBITDA perspective for that $10 move.
Konark Gupta: Okay. That's great. Thanks. And if I can follow-up quickly on CNG tax credits. Apologies if I missed that comment before. I guess you're not assuming the credits for this year. And if so, they come through, what is a realistic set of assumptions there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. On the CNG tax credit, again, it's approximately $20 million per year. For us, and we did not assume that those are renewed. So right now, that is not embedded in our 2025 guide.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hey. Thanks. One good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a strong end of the year. Here. You noted, I think, in your prepared remarks just, you know, some of your unique strategy. You know, your fleet's growing there. But I think earlier this year, California withdrew its waiver to the EPA, you know, related to some of its more stringent zero-emission vehicle policies. Just wondered, does that change how you think about EV spend? And I know some of these vehicles have gone into California. And do you throttle that back a little bit and maybe a more or less stringent regulatory environment as we vehicle emission.
Jon Vander Ark: No. It has not slowed down our pace there. There's lots of customer interest, lots of customer demand. There's certainly incentives, state and local that support us going in that direction, and we'll continue to deploy there. And more broadly, we're gonna be mindful. We have no locked-in EV strategy in terms of the exact number of vehicles they're gonna purchase by year. We're gonna make sure that it's a superior product. Right? It says zero-emission vehicle that's quiet, safe. It's great for our employees as well. And so we're gonna make sure that where that's deployed, the municipal space, that we're getting a premium offering, a premium price for that product. And we see a good line of sight to customer demand that front, and so we'll go where customer demand takes us. But confidence that even with any administration change here, there's a path forward on EV.
Kevin Chiang: Okay. And then just maybe on turnover, great job there. But I guess, you know, a lot of the headlines we're seeing around this changes in US immigration policy. You know, you are seeing or we are hearing from some companies, and they are seeing an impact. I'm just wondering, are you seeing or are you envisioning downstream impacts? Like, I can imagine your direct employee base isn't impacted by this, but know, in markets that get tighter in terms of labor, there could be a downstream impact, which is the overall labor forces. It's trending. Just wondering, are the markets that you're trying to see some of this? Potential downstream impact? And guess it's not floating to your numbers today, but anything that you're keeping an eye out for or regions that might become a little bit more problematic from a labor availability perspective?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. In terms of our own labor force, or where we do have third parties that support us, the compliance has always been a huge part of our culture, so we don't see that as any type of threat or challenge. I think more broadly, if you look at the end markets we serve, right, there's been a lot of talk about construction. Right, in that part. And I think the biggest driver there is gonna be mortgage rates. Labor supply could be an issue on that front too. We'll see how that develops. So we'll keep an eye toward that. But I don't think that's gonna be a major concern for us.
Kevin Chiang: That's great color. Thanks. And best of luck as you execute on 2025 here.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question today will come from James Schumm with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
James Schumm: Hey. Thanks. Good quarter, guys. Can you just one quick one for me. Can you give an update on the truck supply chain? Is that fully resolved? Are you still seeing any issues getting your trucks? And then sort of related, like, where are you now in terms of your ASL conversions and then, you know, CNG truck conversions. How are you guys thinking about that? And, you know, if there's additional opportunity for margin expansion over the next couple of years.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. The supply chain is caught up in terms of what they're delivering. And kind of getting back. We have a very ratable replacement philosophy with our vehicles and fleet, and we find the optimal kind of CapEx OpEx trade-off for when to retire vehicles. And we'll kind of be hitting that mark by the throughout this year and certainly by the end of the year, we'll be at our optimal point. So really thankful for our suppliers who have been able to help us over-deliver over the last 18 months to get caught up in that respect. You know, on automation, we're about 77% automated. We have a few points of opportunity over time. They'll come with specific contracts or more in the onesie-twosie environment. So that's not gonna be a huge driver of performance. But we'll continue to go there. And then CNG, we've maintained CNG fleet in the last five years we believe electrification is a superior product. CNG is better than diesel for the environment, but it's not a zero-emission product, and we think electrification is much more beneficial for the environment, and that's where we see customer pull. So that's where we put our energy.
James Schumm: Okay. Great. Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Devin Dodge with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Devin Dodge: Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. Just one clarification from me, and apologies if I missed it, but of the $1 billion plus M&A spending target in 2025, it sounded like the deals completed say, in the first six weeks of the year are included in the guide. Just one, is that correct? And two, if that is correct, can you give us a sense for how much that $1 billion has been deployed already?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So for deals that have been completed through today, that revenue contribution and the, you know, the related financial outcomes are included in our guidance. So, basically, anything closed through today is included. Anything thereafter that we would complete is not. So and right now, if you think about the billion-dollar spend, a good portion of that has been spent already at this point. So, again, we feel really good about that target for the full year. And we'll give you the details obviously in April after Q1 results come up.
Devin Dodge: Alright. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: This time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Nick. I wanna thank the Republic Services team for their great work in 2024. Their focus on safety, sustainability, and exceeding customer expectations led to another year of great results and positions us well for continued growth. Have a good evening, and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2024 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in todays call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. John Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today to discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, including forward-looking financial information, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 29, 2024. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the date times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered strong third quarter results by effectively executing our strategy that supports profitable growth and value creation. The Republic Services team continues to deliver world-class service and innovative solutions to meet the needs of our customers. During the quarter, we achieved revenue growth of 7% and generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 14%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 210 basis points, reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.81 and produce $1.4 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis. Through our differentiated capabilities, customers yield, digital and sustainability, we continue to be well positioned to capture new opportunities and create long-term value for our stakeholders. Regarding customer zeal, our focus on delivering world-class essential services continues to support organic growth and enhance customer loyalty. Our customer retention rate remained strong at more than 94%. Third quarter organic revenue growth was driven by strong pricing across the business. Average yield on total revenue was 4.6%, and average yield on related revenue was 5.5%. This level of pricing continued to exceed our cost inflation and help drive 210 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Organic volume on total revenue declined 1.2%. Volume losses were heavily concentrated to the cyclical portions of our business, including special waste and construction activity. Turning to our expanding digital capabilities. We continue to advance the implementation of digital tools to improve the experience for both customers and employees. Deployment of MPower, our new fleet and equipment management system is underway. MPower is designed to increase maintenance technician productivity and enhance warranty recovery. Deployment of the new system is anticipated to be completed by the end of 2025. We estimate MPower will deliver $20 million annual cost savings once fully implemented. We continue to benefit from innovative technology on our recycling and waste collection routes. Our platform utilizes cameras to identify overfill containers and recycling contamination. This technology generated more than $60 million in incremental revenue in the first year of operation. Moving on to sustainability. We believe that our sustainability innovation investments in plastic circularity and renewal natural gas position us to continue grow and create long-term value creation. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities continues to move forward. Las Vegas Polymer Center production volumes continued to increase throughout the quarter. Construction is progressing on our Indianapolis Polymer Center with initial equipment commissioning underway. This operation will be co-located with a Blue Polymers production facility. We expect construction on this facility to be complete by the year of this year, with earnings contribution in the second half of 2025. We recently broke ground on a Blue Polymers production facility in Buckeye, Arizona, this facility will complement the Las Vegas Polymer Center. We expect the completion of this facility in late 2025. We continue to bring decarbonization solutions to the market that will unlock value for all of our stakeholders including the communities we serve. The renewable natural gas projects we're developing with our partners continue to advance. Two projects came online during the third quarter, bringing the total completed this year to four projects. We expect four additional RNG projects to be completed during the fourth quarter. We continue to advance our commitment to fleet electrification. We currently have 28 electric collection vehicles in operation and expect to have more than 50 EVs in our fleet by the end of the year. We have 18 facilities with commercial scale EV charging infrastructure. As part of our approach to sustainability, we are committed to being an employer of choice in the markets we serve. Our third quarter employee turnover rate improved more than 100 basis points compared to the prior year and we are proud to be certified as a great place to work for the eighth consecutive year. With respect to capital allocation, year-to-date, we have invested $104 million in strategic acquisitions. Our acquisition pipeline remains supportive of continued activity in both recycling and waste and environmental solutions. We currently have more than $200 million of transactions that are expected to close by the end of the year. Year-to-date, we returned $834 million to shareholders, which includes $330 million of share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 6.2%, core price on related revenue was 7.4%, which included open market pricing of 9.1% and restricted pricing of 4.8%. The components of core price on related revenue included: small container of 10.3%, large container of 6.9% and residential of 7.2%. Average yield on total revenue was 4.6%, and average yield on related revenue was 5.5%. As expected, average yields stepped down sequentially as we began to anniversary the impact of new fees implemented last year. The fees relate to overfilled containers and recycling contamination and were enabled by our digital platform. Third quarter volume on total revenue decreased 1.2% and volume on related revenue decreased 1.5%. Volume results included a decrease in large container of 3.6%, primarily due to continued softness in construction-related activities a decrease in residential of 2.9%, primarily due to municipal contracts lost in 2023 then anniversary in the fourth quarter of this year. During the quarter, small center volume decreased 40 basis points, while landfill MSW increased 30 basis points. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $177 per ton during the third quarter. This compares to $112 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 70 basis points during the quarter. Commodity prices are currently $106 per ton reflecting a recent decline in the price for recovered cardboard, or OCC. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 210 basis points to 32%. Margin performance during the quarter: margin expansion in the underlying business of 120 basis points, a 40 basis point increase from net fuel, a 30 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices and a 50 basis point benefit from an insurance recovery related to a prior year claim. This was partially offset by a 30 basis point decrease from acquisitions completed in the prior year. Now turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Third quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $60 million compared to the prior year, driven by the rollover contribution from prior year acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the Environmental Solutions business expanded 290 basis points to 25.5% in the third quarter. Environmental Solutions EBITDA margin was 22.6% and in the prior year. Environmental Solutions margin included a positive 110 basis points from an adjustment to an allowance for bad debt established in a prior year. Excluding this benefit, Environmental Solutions margin would have been 24.4%. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $1.74 billion. The decrease from the prior year is primarily due to the timing of capital expenditures. Year to date net capital expenditures of $1.19 billion represents an increase of $250 million or 27% compared to the prior year. Capital spending is more ratable in 2024, whereas 2023 was heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. Prior year capital expenditures were impacted by vendor-related delay in truck and equipment deliveries. Total debt $12.6 billion and total liquidity $2.6 billion. Our leverage rate at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.6 times. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments in renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 21.6% during the quarter. This favorable tax rate driven primarily by the timing of equity investments in renewable energy contributed $0.09 of EPS benefit during the quarter. I will now hand back over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Brian. With respect to 2024, we believe we are trending toward the low end of our full year revenue guidance due to continued softness in cyclical volumes. That said, we expect to more than overcome this revenue headwind and achieved the high end of our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance. As a result, we expect EBITDA margin to outperform our expectations. Looking forward to 2025, we expect continued growth across the business supported by pricing ahead of underlying costs, cross-selling our complete set of products and services and capitalizing on value-creating acquisition opportunities. We also expect financial contribution from the investments made in sustainability innovation, including plastic circularity and renewable natural gas projects. We believe that the fundamentals of our business remain strong and supportive of continued growth in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow along with margin expansion in the underlying business. Over the long term, we believe our business can consistently deliver mid-single-digit revenue growth and grow EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow faster than revenue. Our initial perspective on full year 2025 is consistent with this long-term growth algorithm. We plan to provide detailed 2025 guidance on our earnings call in February. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Certainly. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Nice quarter. Brian, I'm wondering if you could just expand if there are any other onetime type items in the quarter, really impressive performance. And as I look at the fourth quarter guidance, it looks like you're guiding to margins to step down a couple of points more than normal seasonality 4Q versus 3Q. I'm wondering is that just conservatism? Or were there any other embedded tailwinds in the third quarter beyond that debt item that you spoke about environmental services.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. Taking a look at the third quarter, we called out the two big pieces that you would sit there and in say, we're somewhat large and unusual for the quarter. So the insurance recovery, which had an impact of a positive 50 basis points to the quarter itself. We called out the bad debt as well. So it was 110 basis points to Environmental Solutions, about 10 basis point contribution to the enterprise taken as a whole. So 60 basis points, we would say, ex that, the rest, I mean, I called out the theses about what fuel and commodity prices were doing, but the underlying business, you saw the strength of that 100 bps.
Jerry Revich: Really impressive performance. And then if I can shift gears, and ask you to talk about on the polymer center rollout, can you just expand on the performance so far? How has the production ramp played out versus the initial plan? And any updates to the time lines that you folks previously shared.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes. We're really happy in terms of the pricing we're getting. We're beating our pro forma math. Certainly happy on the volume ramp in terms of how that equipment is building. We got off to a little later start than we would have liked for things all unrelated to the equipment. So permitting of the facility, getting electricity in, just getting all the things around the construction on the building envelope. Those things take time. Maybe we were a little aggressive in our time line to begin with. [indiscernible] delayed from the start there, but the underlying assumptions other than a delayed start, we still feel very confident in. And India is hitting its marks, including the construction time line there. So we feel really good about that. Listen, we think we're producing some of the cleanest [lake] (ph) in the world. And so that's what the market needs. It's good for circularity and certainly going to be good for our shareholders as well.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question today comes from Trevor Romeo with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Trevor Romeo: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Had one kind of on the -- on pricing, thinking about open market versus restricted. I think the last several quarters, your open market core price has been 400 basis points or more above restricted. Is that kind of a good spread for us to still think about going forward, even if some of the inflation indices kind of continue to ramp down. And then in your shift away from CPI to more of those open market and alternative entities, how much further room do you think you have to continue that shift at this point?
Brian DelGhiaccio: When you take a look at the spread, and we certainly talked about the fact that we thought we were in an elevated pricing environment in part due to the fact that there was the backdrop of elevated inflation. And we've said that throughout this year, that would step down sequentially. And as we look forward into 2025, we would expect that to step down as well. Now, if you take a look back historically, open market pricing has tend to run above that which you can achieve on the restricted portion of the business. I would say right now that spread is probably a little bit more than what I would think about through the cycle. But all that said, we would expect to price in excess of our cost inflation consistent with what we've done over the last couple of years and drive margin expansion in the business.
Trevor Romeo: Got it. Thank you. Thats helpful.
Jon Vander Ark: And then in terms of moving away from the [industries] (ph) or rotating away from CPI, we continue to maintain incremental progress on that. So couple of big contracts moving to water sewer trash, and it's really some moving to fixed and above them, it's really the portfolio that we think positions us well across the cycle.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, we're about 61% of those contracts that were historically pegged to headline CPI that have moved to something that we would consider favorable.
Trevor Romeo: Got it. Okay. Thank you both. That's helpful. And then just quickly, wondering if we could talk about labor availability a bit. I think based on the BLS data, wage inflation in your industry is kind of mid-single digits. Curious if that's still what you're seeing as well. And then just kind of as the overall labor market has maybe cooled a bit the past few months? Have you seen any changes in labor availability?
Jon Vander Ark: We mentioned turnover down 100 basis points year-over-year. We continue to trend in a really positive direction there. Labor cost inflation is 4.5-ish percent, we're hanging out right there. And again, that cake is largely baked because we start -- we give our people a wage increase at the end of February. On that front, we expect that to step down marginally as we move into next year based on where the current numbers are pointing. And then yes, labor availability is improving. There's still categories like technicians, which have been historically tough in this industry and that you're getting tougher. That's why we vertically integrated into technical education and sort of our own tech Institute and are growing our own and having a lot of success fielding entry-level techs out of that center.
Trevor Romeo: Okay. Thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you so much. I was hoping to ask for some additional color on the core price deceleration this quarter? I know you mentioned the anniversarying of the new fees from last year. Obviously, that was expected. Anything else that you would point to in the quarter to call out that was notable in terms of the price environment and how we should be thinking about it as we progress through the year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. If you take a look at the sequential step down from Q2 to Q4, I also point out that the restricted portion of our business went from 5.6% to 4.9%. And that's just on the price increase perspective. So again, that's just reflective of the indices themselves. And again, and as expected, right? We knew that it would step down sequentially, as I mentioned previously, so is our cost inflation. And as long as we can maintain that spread, that's how we drive margin expansion in the business.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And I did want to ask about volume as well. I know you mentioned the special waste and the construction softness. Should we continue to expect those trends to continue in the upcoming quarters? And anything else to call out on the volume side would be helpful. Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, I think across the industry in the last 12 to 18 months, we're in a flat to slightly negative demand environment from a unit standpoint. So it probably hasn't been talked about or well understood. On that front, and it's a cyclical portions driving that. It's also true a little bit in the industrial side of the business, it's where a large container permanent, right, we're gaining customers. So we're gaining share there, but we're seeing activity that has continued to be relatively soft at individual customers on that front. Look, on the construction side, whether this happens in three to six months or it happens in nine to 12 months, I'm optimistic on that side of the business for both commercial and residential. Interest rates coming down certainly helps with that. You've got both sides of the aisle talking about housing policy. We've underbuilt single-family homes in the United States in the last 15 years. And so, there's a lot of pent-up demand on that front. And then we're starting to see some really interesting signs here on special waste and the industrial activity, and there's always a little bit of paralysis in an election year, and we're starting to see a pipeline that's been actually quite strong all year, but jobs haven't moved and those jobs are starting to move here in the fourth quarter. So we're pretty optimistic for the remainder of the year and certainly into 2025.
Toni Kaplan: Super. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Kevin Chang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon and congrats on some good results. I think on the Q2 call, you mentioned just on M&A here. You had mentioned, I think, about a $300 million pipeline that are in advanced stages. It looks like you booked about $200 million in Q3 here. Just wondering as we think of that incremental $100 million, is that something you think you can close by year-end. Or is there an update to that pipeline as you kind of work through that pipeline?
Jon Vander Ark: Maybe broader backdrop, coming off three really great years of M&A. Our commitment to M&A has certainly not dwindled and our outlook and our optimism going forward hasn't changed. There's always some ebb and flow. So we closed a couple of really big deals in Q4 last year, first half got off to a little bit of a slower start this year. I think if you put together what we've already done this year and what we expect to close in the fourth quarter, we're more like $300 million where we gave you an indicator of closer to $500 million at the start of the year. A lot of those deals are starting to build here, and so I expect us to have a really good first half next year on that front. So that gives you a sense of kind of the movement on that front. But our -- our outlook and our enthusiasm for M&A remains strong, and we expect that to be a meaningful contributor next year.
Kevin Chiang: No, that's helpful. And just my second one here, I think about a month ago, you put place an order for about 100 EVs. And I think you're targeting, I think, half of new purchases in 2028 will be electric vehicle -- electric vehicles. I guess when we hear other commercial fleet operators, there seems to be a growing pushback on, I guess, adopting this technology, whether the arguments of technology is not ready yet or infrastructure is not ready. Just as you think of your EV strategy in that 2028 time line, just I guess how you see the OEMs their ability to keep pace, I guess, with the targets you have, I guess, just looking out kind of four years from now?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, definitely there will be people that move faster and people that move slower. I mean we've learned from all kinds of experience that EV isn't just a truck, it's a system, so you need to understand how to put in the infrastructure and get after that early. You need to understand the incentive environment on that front because that certainly accelerates adoption and shortens the payback period, and we've had teams working on that for three years. And given the unlock is somebody building a truly studs up EV vehicle. No one's ever done that in our space before until Oshkosh for their McNeils vehicle. And that's a game changer because that allows you to get enough battery power on the vehicle that you can run a full day without sacrificing payload. And that was always the design parameter we had, which is we're not going to sacrifice productivity to do that. So we're thrilled with the product that we are running. I think there'll be other OEMs. Hopefully, they get there. This [indiscernible] sense people to move, but there's certainly going to be winners and losers in the short to medium term in terms of pace of adoption.
Kevin Chiang: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Konark Gupta with Scotia Capital. Please go ahead.
Konark Gupta: Thanks, and good afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to catch up on the housekeeping items first on the M&A side. Do you talk about the rollover effect in 2025 based on what you have closed today?
Brian DelGhiaccio: The rollover impact. Yes. So we would expect right now to see relatively negligible to 2025 growth. It's 10 to 20 basis points at this point.
Konark Gupta: Okay. And obviously, there's probably upside if you are out to close some of the acquisitions you're talking about in Q4, maybe then.
Brian DelGhiaccio: That is correct. Because that only includes that, which is actually closed through the third quarter, there would be a rollover impact of anything that closes in the fourth quarter.
Konark Gupta: Makes sense. Thank you. And then my question is on the margin side. So if I look at the trend this year so far, your margins have sequentially expanded and you talked to some of the kind of nuances on Q3 for sure. But then Q4, the margin kind of drops on an implied basis. Heading into 2025, I'm just thinking like what are some of the puts and takes you're thinking about margin as some of the circularity projects are ramping up, maybe and then some of these headwinds might fade away next year. What's the best sort of proxy for thinking about margin expansion next year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're certainly not giving 2025 guidance, but an outlook that we've talked about in the prepared remarks and we mentioned often to investors is that, we want to grow revenue mid-single digits and then grow EBITDA margin or EBITDA slightly faster than that, which implies EBITDA margin expansion and free cash flow was slightly faster than that. And EBITDA margin across the cycle, kind of, I think, 30 to 50 basis points. Obviously, this year is going to be stronger than that, but we would certainly go into next year kind of in that ZIP code in terms of our expectations of how we're going to expand margin in the business.
Konark Gupta: Okay. Thats fair and great color. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today comes from David Manthey with Barrett. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. It's less than three years since the Ecol acquisition and I believe you said that EBITDA in Environmental Solutions is about 24%. Going back to 2021, Ecol stand-alone targets were like $17 million and I think $40 million of synergies probably picks you up 300 basis points, 400 basis points. Is the delta there, the remainder? Is that just improved pricing? Or is there any kind of acquisition mix benefit in that improvement as well? Any help you can give us there?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, all above, it's in every lever. So starting out with -- on the revenue side, it's customer mix. So we're going through verticals and understanding willingness to pay and where we have pricing power and what the more profitable verticals are and less profitable verticals. So you've seen some customer churn in that space this year as we've certainly pushed price because our services are valuable and found lots of willingness to pay and a few people that want to experience lower quality for a period of time in that front. And then just the pricing of -- is the top pricing, very tactical account level pricing, kind of looking at every lever there still more upside, certainly there going forward as we put in the systems and technology to give our team members better tools on that front. And then good cost management, cost discipline, right, better labor utilization. As we get bigger, especially in the field services side of the business, you're able to deploy labor in different markets and therefore, get better utilization rates on that labor. So really proud of the team and the work we've done there. We said we thought we could get to 25% of the midterm target, and there's an ebb and flow across quarters, of course, but we've made faster progress than I think we originally anticipated and have high aspirations for that business to grow both units and margin going forward.
David Manthey: I appreciate it. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Tobey Sommer with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Just following up on the Environmental Services and US Ecology business. What's your -- is your changes in your view on the long-term margins that you think you can approach over sort of many years in that business? And I'd love to get your perspective on the disposal market digesting incremental capacity, I think there's an incinerator coming online.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, about 25% free cash flow converges with the recycling and waste business across the cycle, just given the lower capital intensity of that business. Over time, the longer term, we don't see a constraint of why EBITDA margin in that business couldn't be very similar to the recycling waste business. Just given the nature of the products, right? These are very technical complicated waste streams. The limited number of outlets requires a lot of environmental compliance to handle those appropriately on that front. And so, we think thats very valuable service, and we're going to continue to price for that over time. In terms of new incineration coming online, it's welcomed. The industry has been short supplied for a long period of time, and we don't see that as a challenge or a constraint. We see that as an opportunity, because there's pent-up demand that, that new capacity will be able to fulfill.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you. In terms of the pace of M&A, it's been a little bit slower than I had anticipated year-to-date. I was wondering if you could speak to that as well as the margin profile of the targets generally? I'm wondering to the extent supply chain fleet, wage growth, technology and other factors have actually what sort of pressured the margins of the targets that you're looking at.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I mentioned the ebb and flow of pace of M&A. Again, it's not -- we're going to stay disciplined. I think in fact, we just looked at this, we're eight to one, right? For every eight opportunities that we look at, eventually we close one of those. Because we're going to be very disciplined. First is going to have to meet our strategic hurdles and we are the national owners for this. So is it A, fit and B, does it meet our financial stream on that. And so we're looking for cash-on-cash returns double digit post synergy on that. So we're going to remain very disciplined. And again, there's ebb and flow lots of conversations. Sometimes those things break quickly and sometimes they take a little longer, right, in that front. And that's the period we're in right now, but again, our enthusiasm has not changed. In terms of the margin profile, it's less about what it has today and more about what it can become because oftentimes in these businesses, we're going to park the trucks, right? We're going to recapitalize the fleet. We are going to layer into our IT systems, right? Some of those drivers will come over, some won't because we layer it right into our [density] (ph) and so we can take routes out of the system and do the same amount of work and thats why we drive so much value in these deals.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hi, good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Good afternoon, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, I got a couple of questions here. So first, I want to kind of come back to the implied Q4 guide. But if I use the high end, it implies that Q4 is around $1.2 billion, which I think is down high single digit from Q3, which is just worse than normal seasonality. And I get that you've got the 60 basis points from bad debt and insurance, but it still feels a little conservative? Or am I missing something?
Jon Vander Ark: I would say -- in the opening remarks, we talked about low end of the revenue guide, high end of the EBITDA margin guide. That's -- we're getting towards the end of the year. We're focusing our plans on 2025 on that front. We don't put a lot of time, attention and energy in getting decimal level accurate, right, on updating the guide. We gave you the markers we had and were feeling really good about where we're going to end up Q4 and 2025.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's fair. And then just to be kind of clear on the implied volume guidance in Q4, is there any benefit from hurricane cleanup efforts in there?
Jon Vander Ark: There may be a little bit. Again, we don't plan on that, certainly. Sometimes you get actually a quite a nice lift coming out of these. Sometimes you get a little less than you think about. Our primary focus is, first, taking care of our people. Some of them have been deeply impacted, especially in Helene. And so we're going to get them back on their feet. And when they're back on their feet, they can get back to work on that front. And then on the back end, oftentimes, we end up making some money that helps pay for that more. But if that comes, that's just icing on the gate.
Tyler Brown: And then I want to kind of come at 2025 a little bit different, because I think there's actually quite a bit going on next year. There's actually a number of moving pieces, discrete pieces, if I'm not mistaken, because I think you have polymer, Blue Polymer plants coming online, you mentioned that. I think your RISE platform still has some incremental benefit that you should get, I think you have maybe $40 million of savings to go there. I think MPower comes on, that's going to be a modest benefit, you should have at least some benefit from RNG. So Brian, I don't know if you can, but can you kind of maybe bucket all that together. But how much do those incremental drivers help 2025? Is it $50 million, $100 million? Just any broad buckets would be very helpful, if you can.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Let's take those. Let's just talk about sustainability innovation, which would include the RNG portfolio, polymer center and blue polymers, right? So next year, if you think about what we're expecting from an incremental, so this would be 2025 over 2024. It's about $75 million of revenue and $30 million to $35 million worth of EBITDA. So again, coming in at a nice incremental accretive margin to the portfolio, primarily driven by the RNG side of that. As you mentioned, we do expect some benefits from MPower. But remember, we're going to deploy that in a phased approach. And we just started the initial business units that are getting that system, so that will be deployed throughout the year. And as we exit 2025, we would expect to be fully deployed. So we called out $20 million of benefit at run rate. So you can kind of think about half of that or so being realized in 2025 with the other half then in 2026. And to your question on the RISE platform and some of the fees that we're generating, we talked about from a fee perspective that we've realized over $60 million of those fees, but that's already in the run rate. right? So we've had that throughout the year, and we're starting to comp that in Q3 of this year. From a product perspective, you can think we've got about $25 million more to go. You can think about half of that coming in 2025, half in 2026.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay, perfect. So there's some in 2025 into 2026. Now the other thing is, will there be, based on what we know today an alternative tax credit onset headwind?
Brian DelGhiaccio: You're talking about the CNG tax credit?
Tyler Brown: Correct. Correct.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. We are not assuming that in 2025, and we just follow the law. And so again, right now, that's set to expire. So that is not included in our projection for 2025.
Jon Vander Ark: And that's about -- for us, that runs about $15 million.
Tyler Brown: Sorry, 15?
Brian DelGhiaccio: 15.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. Perfect. All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Brian Butler with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just first one, can we talk maybe about where internal inflation has been running as compared to the CPI headline kind of what was that trending in the third quarter? And how does that look in the fourth quarter and then, I guess, 2025, if you have any color?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, a good story, right? You're seeing that inflation come down. So I mentioned labor about 4.5%, and that's a pretty good indication of the overall cost inflation. There's some puts and takes in our categories. Maintenance has been a real highlight in terms of that was the category certainly is running hot the last couple of years, and that's improved from lots of different reasons. One, we're getting truck deliveries. So putting out our parking older trucks and taking on new trucks with less maintenance intensity. And then also turnover continues to decline. We're doing more work internally versus outsourcing it to third parties, and that's a cheaper labor rate. Parts inflation certainly modulated as well, so all those pieces are helping on that side. And we expect that continue to improve modestly into 2025, so continued deceleration.
Brian Butler: Okay. Great. And then when you went through the buckets kind of on what rolls into 2025 for sustainability [ePower] (ph), right? How should we think about the capital spending that's attached to that versus what was spent in 2024?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Relatively consistent. If you remember, when you think about what we're doing when we're investing in RNG, when we're making those investments, that's in a JV structure. So that comes through more like an acquisition than it does CapEx. But when you think about polymer center and when you think about what we're going to do from an EV perspective, we would expect those to be on par what we did this year, slightly higher, but nothing of note to change the CapEx as a percent of revenue.
Brian Butler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hi. Thanks, folks. I think in the last quarter, 32% EBITDA margins could be achievable over time. And [indiscernible]. So well done. I want to ask about Environmental Solutions. I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned it was largely due to the acquisition, but there revenue growth. Can you just talk a little bit about the organic trends in the quarter, maybe how you see the pipeline for the year shaping up?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. There's certainly -- there also been some churn, which I mentioned, right? And we are going to continue to test the bounds of customer willingness to pay. We believe you have to do that as a leader in the marketplace when the services are highly valued. And we also know that customers come back around. They experience with a different provider. And with high-quality service, where we're engaged with them from a safety standpoint, sustainability standpoint, digital standpoint, that has value. Ultimately, those customers oftentimes come back on that front. So little flat -- more flat this year from a volume standpoint than we would have hopped, pricing obviously exceeded our expectations. And when forced to choose, I'll take that trade-off all day. Now I push the team that we want to grow above units and price, and we'll have a plan to do that in 2025.
Noah Kaye: And to that point, you talked about maybe some faster pace of margin [indiscernible] reasonable to think about for ES versus overall, you talked about the 30 bps for the overall business. Sort of like 100 bps is kind of the right level on an annual basis to be thinking about the segment?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think we've talked about 80 to 100 basis points kind of across the cycle and some years out a little faster and some years may be slower. But if you look at the trend, I think that's a ratable pace where we could take margins.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thats very helpful. Ill leave it there. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Just a follow-up on the last question there. Just in terms of the discussions you're having with your customers as the absolute level of headline inflation is moderating, just their willingness to sort of give that spread over the cost base? And are you finding it easier or harder than it was maybe a year ago and is sort of the directional rate cuts and things like that helping at all? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: I would say broadly, if we're in a world of 2.5%, 3%. 3.5%, 4% inflation, that's a pretty good spot for us to be, right? We've seen what really high inflation looks like, and that was certainly sustainable and are workable for a period of time. Over time, that's very unworkable because of what the Fed will do and as they'll end up crashing the economy to bring that down. We've lived in a period of incredibly low inflation, and that's really hard because we're going to give our people a wage increase every year as we know that their real costs are going to go up on that front. So living in, again, that kind of 3%, 3.5% zone is a really good spot for us to be.
Sabahat Khan: Great. And then just on the volume front, maybe if you can just give some perspective on. I think as these rates get cut, I think you're indicating you want pricing and unit volume growth next year, ideally, maybe just some perspective on your -- what you're seeing on the economic activity of the cyclical units? And then secondly, where you are on the volume churn front, if there's any more, that's still to come in 2025? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think I mentioned in the past that from a churn standpoint, every time we do M&A, there's always going to be some work that we're going to churn out of the portfolio. There's going to be some municipal contracts. We know that we are going to upgrade or replace in terms of price, and we know that there's likely some broker work that we don't treat those as customers. We treat people who generate recycling and waste as customers. So that's going to get churned out of the portfolio. We're seeing that this year for sure, on that front. And the on cyclical volume, listen, the construction is down [indiscernible] business is certainly down year-over-year 10% from a unit standpoint quarter-over-quarter. And so that's just a reflection of what's happening in the underlying construction activity. And I think what the really good news is, given, again, this broader demand environment, which is when you put all the pieces together, right, something south of flat, right? You're seeing really good pricing behavior and conduct and performance. And I think if you take a look 20 years back, you just would not have seen that. You would have seen people chasing units to try to keep trucks utilized. And what we're doing and others apparently are parking vehicles and understanding that your people need to have a wage increase every year, and it's important to go out and price. And so, I think you're seeing a market that's behaving rationally and that's really beneficial. And as we see, again, really good growth indicators on the horizon, whether that's three months, six months, nine months, but we're pretty optimistic on that front. A little bit of volume will be a really good place to be.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Some of the contract losses as well as Jon mentioned, right, some of this is just comping out some losses that happened earlier in the year. So for example, residential, we were down 2.9% year-over-year in the third quarter. Most of that is going to anniversary as we exit the year. So its not that were necessarily expecting any sort of robust growth in residential. Its just the absence of a headwind that weve been experiencing all year long.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, thanks you. I wanted to go back to the 3Q versus 4Q margin trend. And it seems like I get the 60 basis points of potentially onetime benefit. But is that just taking a step back, is it just commodity prices that are coming down in the fourth quarter that reflects the change in year-over-year margins? Or was there something in the prior year comp to be aware of? Or is there any other factor?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, I would say, look, as you look at last year, from a prior year comp perspective, historically, you've seen margin step down from Q3 to Q4 and last year, they were flat, right? They were equal to each other. So there's certainly a tougher comp. But as Jon mentioned earlier, we feel really good about our prospects and how we're going to finish up this year, and we'll be able to sit there and tell you how we finish out the year in February.
Faiza Alwy: Understood. And then just a housekeeping question for 2025, if you can. First, I just want to confirm if there's any level of rollover acquisitions that we should be keeping in mind for 2025. And then like anything below the line, whether its interest expense, I know you have some notes that are coming up or the tax rate or any of those below-the-line type of things that we should keep in mind?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. From a rollover perspective, as we said earlier, about 10 basis points to 20 basis points of rollover based on that, which is already closed. Obviously, that would increase for any deals that we closed in the fourth quarter, right? So we -- again, we can give you some of that flavor when we get back together in February. As far as some of the other components, I mean, if you can take a look at the maturities of what's coming due next year, they are at lower rates than current rates. So we would expect some increase in overall interest expense just due to rate on the fixed rate debt, but nothing overly significant.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. Maybe just to follow up to actually Tyler's question. I appreciate the -- maybe the quantifying the benefit of some of your digital efforts of the RISE platform. But maybe you could remind us what is left in terms of kind of rolling out some of those systems and capabilities. I know this year is putting a lot of tablets in the cabs and making sure you're capturing some of the overhang surcharges, what's next as we think about 2025 as you phase out -- I'm sorry, phase in the next batch of capabilities? Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. I mean now that you've got the platform in place really kind of ratcheting up what you do from a route sequencing in order to sit there and optimize those routes and then ultimately, adherence, right? To make sure that the drivers are running the routes as designed. So again, we put this flavor out there before is that a minute across our system is worth about $5 million annually. So it doesnt take a lot of seconds and minutes to add up to something meaningful, and that's what we think that the next rev of our digital platform can yield.
Jon Vander Ark: And more broadly over the last four or five years, we've done a good job of just rapidly replacing and modernizing all of our systems without taking some big onetime CapEx event or creating any institutional risk, and so we've done it with our marketing and sales. We've done it with HR. We've done it with procurement. We've done it now with our assets. We've done it on the operating side of our business, and we're working on [indiscernible] cash, and there'll be another wave of benefits there as we think about still a lot of transactional work that we can automate on that front. So those will be opportunities that won't hit necessarily in 2025. We'll get some of those, but really into 2026 and 2027. So it's a great story and then it makes the employee value proposition stronger. It provides better customer service, and we're going to be able to operate the business more efficiently.
Stephanie Moore: Got it. It makes a lot of sense. And then maybe switching gears, just to -- on the recycling side of your business, not the polymer centers or the like. So would you just think of your traditional [indiscernible], maybe talk about any kind of retrofitting or automation investments or anything that you might have planned? Or do you feel like you might be implemented here in 2025 for the coming years?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're doing that every year. Every year, we're putting in new optical sorters and taking out manual work and getting more automation. The primary investment we make in our recycling centers is to produce a better product. Now in order to do that, you put in new capital and you end up taking out some labor, but taking out jobs is never our goal. Our goal is to provide the -- to create the best product we can for the marketplace, which drives more circularity and drives a higher price per product on that front. And so -- and we also -- when we do M&A, we pick up some new recycling centers. There'll be a couple over the next few years that we're going to go studs up because there's markets where we need capacity on that front. But most of our investment is the continued upgrading of the existing 75 or 77.
Stephanie Moore: Yes. Thank you so much.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Nick. I want to thank the entire Republic Services team for their commitment to exceeding customer expectations and the continued growth and success of our company. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2024 Investor Conference call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter 2024 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today to discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discussed today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 24, 2024. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our strong second quarter results reflect the continued positive momentum in our business and are a direct outcome of executing our strategic priorities. We continue to successfully grow our business while enhancing profitability by providing world-class service and solutions to our customers. During the quarter, we achieved revenue growth of 9%, generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 13%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 110 basis points, reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.61, and produced $1.15 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis. The results we are delivering are made possible by executing our strategy supported by our differentiated capabilities, customer zeal, digital, and sustainability. Regarding customer zeal, our commitment to delivering world-class essential services and sustainability offerings continues to drive customer loyalty and organic growth in the business. Our customer retention rate remained high at more than 94% and net promoter scores continue to improve. Customers value our comprehensive service offerings and the quality of our service delivery. Organic revenue growth during the second quarter was driven by strong pricing across the business. Average yield on total revenue was 5.5% and average yield on related revenue was 6.6%. This level of pricing exceeded our cost inflation and drove 110 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Organic volume on total revenue declined 80 basis points or 1% on related revenue. Volume losses were heavily concentrated to the cyclical portions of our business, including construction activity. Turning to our expanding digital capabilities. The team continues to advance the implementation of digital tools that improves the experience for both customers and our employees. Our RISE digital operations platform is driving improved route optimization and safety performance and providing more predictable service delivery to our customers. MPower, our new fleet and equipment management system, was introduced to pilot locations earlier this month. MPower is expected to increase maintenance, technician productivity, and enhance warranty recovery. We expect to continue deploying the new system to all locations under a phased approach through the end of 2025. We estimate MPower will drive $20 million of annual cost savings once fully implemented. We continue to benefit from innovative technology on recycling and waste collection routes. Our platform utilizes cameras to identify overfilled containers and contamination in recycling containers. This technology reduces contamination at our recycling centers and is expected to generate approximately $60 million in incremental annual revenue. To date, we have already achieved $45 million of benefit. Moving on to sustainability. We believe that creating a more sustainable world is both our responsibility and a platform for growth. Earlier today, we released our latest sustainability report highlighting the progress we are making toward our 2030 goals and the positive impact we're delivering to our customers and the communities we serve. Our 2030 goals are supported by investments we are making in polymer centers, the Blue Polymers joint venture, renewable natural gas projects, and fleet electrification. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities continues to move forward. Major customers have certified the plastic flake produced at our Las Vegas Polymer Center. Production volumes continue to ramp and we expect to achieve our run-rate output targets in the fourth quarter of this year. Construction is progressing on our Indianapolis Polymer Center with equipment installation underway. The operation will be co-located with a Blue Polymers production facility. We expect construction on this facility to be complete by the end of the year with earnings contributions beginning in mid-2025. The renewable natural gas projects we're developing with our partners continue to advance. One project came online during the second quarter. Additionally, we completed construction at our RNG project in Fort Wayne, Indiana. This will be the first project to come online in our joint venture with BP. We expect five additional projects to be completed in the second half of this year. We continue to bring decarbonization solutions to the market, including our industry-leading commitment to fleet electrification. We currently have 16 electric collection vehicles in operation. We expect to have more than 50 EVs in our collection fleet by the end of the year. We now have nine facilities with commercial-scale EV charging infrastructure, and we expect five additional new sites to be completed in 2024. Customers are looking for solutions to support their sustainability goals. We recently announced an agreement with the City of Louisville, Colorado, making it the first municipality to adopt a fully electric residential collection service. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continually strive to be the employer of choice in the markets we serve. Employee turnover continues to improve with second quarter turnover rate improving 70 basis points compared to the prior year. With respect to capital allocation, year-to-date we have invested $68 million in acquisitions. Our acquisition pipeline remains supportive of continued activity in both recycling and waste and environmental solutions businesses. We currently have more than $300 million of transactions in advanced stages of diligence and are expected to close by the end of the year. Year-to-date, we returned $504 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, we recently announced an increase to the dividend for the 21st consecutive year. Strong results we produced through the first half of the year support a full-year earnings outlook that exceeds our original expectations. We now expect revenue in the range of $16.075 billion to $16.125 billion, adjusted EBITDA in the range of $4.9 billion to $4.925 billion, adjusted earnings per share in the range of $6.15 to $6.20, and adjusted free cash flow in a range of $2.15 billion to $2.17 billion. Our updated financial guidance includes the contributions from acquisitions closed through June 30th. I will now turn the call over to Brian who will provide more details on the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, John. Core price on total revenue was 6.8%. Core price on related revenue was 8.1% which included open market pricing of 9.8% and restricted pricing of 5.4%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 11.8%, large container of 7.4%, and residential of 7.8%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.5% and average yield on related revenue was 6.6%. Second quarter volume on total revenue decreased 80 basis points and volume on related revenue decreased 1%. Our volume results included a decrease in large container of 3.3%, primarily due to continued softness in construction-related activity, and a decrease in residential of 2.5%, primarily due to municipal contracts lost in 2023, that anniversary in the fourth quarter of this year. During the quarter, small container volume decreased 60 basis points, while landfill MSW increased 1.1%. Small container volume loss is a direct result of intentionally shedding broker-related business obtained through M&A transactions. We continue to adhere to our longstanding strategy of prioritizing direct relationships with our customers. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $173 per ton during the second quarter. This compared to $119 per ton in the prior year. Recycling, processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 50 basis points during the quarter. Our updated full year guidance assumes commodity prices remain at approximately $170 per ton for the remainder of the year. And now turning to our environmental solutions business. Second quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $74 million compared to the prior year fueled by price-led organic growth and contribution from acquisitions. On a same-store basis, environmental solutions contributed 40 basis points to total company internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the environmental solutions business expanded 130 basis points to 23.8% in the second quarter. Environmental solutions EBITDA margin was 22.5% in the prior year. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 110 basis points to 31.1%. Margin performance during the quarter included margin expansion in the underlying business of 130 basis points and a 20 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices. This was partially offset by a 40 basis point decrease from acquisitions. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.15 billion. The decrease from the prior year is primarily due to the timing of capital expenditures. Year-to-date net capital expenditures of $767 million represents an increase of $234 million or 44% compared to the prior year. Capital spending is more ratable in 2024, whereas 23 was heavily weighted to the second half of the year. Prior year capital expenditures were impacted by vendor-related delays in truck and equipment deliveries. Total debt was $13.1 billion, and total liquidity was $3.5 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.8 times. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments in renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25.5% during the quarter. We expect a full year equivalent tax impact of approximately 25.5%. With that operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I was hoping to ask about sustainability projects in the wake of the Chevron decision. It sounds like you're still going strong with your projects. Just wondering if you think there will be any impacts affecting the market, for example, supply and demand for RINs as a result of the decision? and then maybe separately, in light of the US election coming up, would that impact timing of any projects, M&A or anything else not related to sustainability, just anything in general that that you'd call out? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah, listen, we feel good about the project and our approach specifically on landfill gas to energy. As you know, we're in a joint venture model and there's a series of independent decisions around projects. And so, to be said that, the RINs market changes and that takes some of those projects kind of below our return threshold, those are projects that we won't do on that front. But keep in mind also that we had a very conservative set of assumptions on $2 RINS and we built out the initial set of assumptions and what we talked to you about financial impact. So we still feel really confident, which ties into the second point. There'll be puts and takes, whether there's an administration change and there'll certainly be a new President, whether that's a party change or not. I think in general the conventional wisdom as a Republican administration is going to be more business friendly and a Democratic one maybe less business friendly. I think if you look at the last three years, our business has performed really well in the context of a Democratic administration. So I think in any environment we feel confident there'll be some puts or takes on the margin for sure but we'll -- our team will navigate that.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. And then as a follow-up, just want to ask about volume. Bit of a late quarter again I think you called out the large container and then also some of the resi contracts from 2023 on the muni side. Are you still thinking that this year will be flat to modestly positive on volume and just anything to flesh out the sort of slightly lower top line guide? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah, I think from a volume standpoint, we'll be slightly below our original expectations and that's a function of, listen, the construction market's still pretty challenged. With high interest rates, commercial construction activity and residential construction activity have been very muted and you see that our volume numbers in [temp] (ph) large container the great news is that pricing is holding up and I think the industry is behaving very responsibly in that context. And I also am relatively optimistic that that is somewhat of a short-term phenomenon. We need more housing stock in the United States. I think you're starting to see rays of hope here on interest rates cuts, which I think will be the catalyst for that to happen, whether that happens three months from now or six or nine months from now. I do think that's more transitory versus permanent on that front. And then there's also been, again, you talked about the residential contracts. We've accelerated some of the broker exits that we acquired in our M&A deals we always talk about, we require somebody we never value to work on brokers because we know it's going to matriculate out of the system. We've accelerated that, so that drove a little bit of outsized volume decline in the quarter. And then for the overall revenue guide, part of that is the volume outlook, which I just gave you. Part of that is the sustainability projects, landfill gas to energy. We're going to hit our number. The timing of the starts of those is going to be a little bit later in the year. I think ourselves and the industry have faced a little bit of delays in terms of permitting, getting the equipment in place, et cetera. So that's not a big surprise. And then our polymer center, well, weve teams executing phenomenally in terms of the product we're producing. We got to a little bit of a later start than we expected through all kinds of things ancillary to the system like permitting for the facility and other things, so that caused a little delay in the timing on that front. Again, that's transitory and we'll be on full run rate as I discussed in my prepared remarks.
Toni Kaplan: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon.
Jon Vander Ark: Afternoon.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Brian, any color on the shape of pricing into the back half? Should we expect it to sequentially decelerate in Q3 and Q4? And just any color on how that might impact margins, because it does feel like the margin expansion is expected to slow. My hunch is that's largely in Q4 but any color there would be helpful.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. And Tyler, good observation. We talked about -- in Q1 we thought that would be our highest level of pricing of this year and then it would sequentially decline in part just because of some of the index-based pricing and just the impact that has throughout the year. As you've seen, though, we've also seen cost moderate, cost inflation moderate, so our spread we've maintained. So we have a similar level of margin expansion in Q1 and Q2. We would expect that spread to decrease a little bit as we move into the second half of the year. But again, if you take a look, driving outsized margin expansion and well above our initial expectations.
Tyler Brown: Right, okay, that's very helpful. So I believe, if my math is correct, this was the first quarter that you guys had put up a 32% core solid waste margin, if my math is right. But if we go back, you guys have always said that this could be a 32% EBITDA margin business, price compounds, recycling normalizers, and both have. So, since 32% was the new 30%, just any high-level thoughts on what the new 32% could be over the next few years? I mean, is there any reason to believe that a mid-30% margin in core solid waste couldn't be achievable in time if price-cost dynamics cooperate?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, and Tyler, I think our words were that we saw that in the near term, we saw 32% as achievable. Really what we're looking at is the consistent cadence of margin expansion across our business and we talked about that in the 30 to 40 basis point of margin expansion, the recycling waste business a little bit more in the environment solutions, call it, 75 basis points plus just given where it is in its maturity. And so we continue to see that opportunity as we move forward. So we're not going to call what the theoretical cap is, but again, it's about pricing in excess of cost inflation. It's about realizing the benefits from our initiatives, including our digital initiatives, and driving costs out of the system. And we see that runway for years to come.
Tyler Brown: Excellent. My last one real quick. So, Jon, there have been a number of deals, excuse me, and call it hazardous waste/industrial waste/nontraditional waste markets. Some are big, some are small. But can you just talk about your appetite specifically in that market? Will it be slow and steady or would you entertain something that would be much chunkier?
Jon Vander Ark: Listen, we look at everything. We have made a perspective on any type of transaction and if it's going to create value for our shareholders and fits with us strategically, we'll certainly be at the table on that front. So, plus that we do about 20 deals a year on average over the last decade. Most of those are the small tuck-ins, which we're great at and we've got a good pipeline looking forward. And then the bigger ones become more opportunistic, just in terms of is it a fit for us time-wise? Does it create value? Are we the natural owner of that? Again, you'll see us be active in that space over time.
Tyler Brown: Perfect. Thank you all.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I can follow up on that, just given some of the activity we've seen in kind of this hazardous waste environmental service space on the M&A front, are you seeing any changes in the transaction multiples or the type of assets coming to sale that might give you an opportunity to fill in service areas you want to pursue or white space on the map that might come available?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, there's plenty of opportunities, no question. On the small tuck-ins on the environmental solutions side of the business, we've been intentionally a little bit slow on that this year because the team is doing a lot of integration work from an IT standpoint. And again, it's very analogous to recycling and waste. We create value in that space because we've got well-run systems, highly integrated, and we can take a smaller company and layer that operationally right into our density and just draft right off of our systems. Until we get that on the environmental solutions side, you're just adding to your complexities, you're not getting that synergy. And so you'll see us, again, that pipeline is building, you'll see us be much more active next year in the space.
Kevin Chiang: And just anything on the transaction multiples you're seeing, has that changed at all, versus, let's say, 18 months to 24 months ago?
Jon Vander Ark: I think it's consistent, which is there's variation in deals that may be of a little lower quality from our perspective. I think the high quality deals, right, you're going to pay certainly a higher multiple for. But then I think we've done -- got a good example of that with the US Ecology acquisition. If you buy something quality and you've got a plan against it, you can certainly drive value post-acquisition.
Kevin Chiang: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just on the EV comments you made in your prepared remarks, you talked about the nine EV infrastructure sites you have. You'll have five new ones or five additional ones by the end of 2024 and you'll have, I guess, a target of 50 EVs. Are those -- when you think of those 14 sites at year-end, I guess how many electric vehicles could you support based on the, I guess, the exit rate infrastructure platform you will have invested in? Is it significantly more than 50 or is it, kind of 50 is the right number and if you want to grow more than that you'd have to make more investments into your charging infrastructure?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, no, it's hundreds. So think about putting in the initial infrastructure and getting connected to the grid and then you think about charging stations which become modular once that infrastructure is put in. And so the strategy is we're going a five-year outplan on each of these sites to understand that we'll be layering more vehicles in. And so you're bearing the upfront cost right now and then it's just an incremental cost to put in the charging station as the fleet grows in that space.
Kevin Chiang: Okay, that's what's happening. Okay, perfect. Thanks for the clarification there. That's all from me. Congrats on a good quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Ill start with environmental services. Just on the organic performance of the business, pretty big sequential improvement in the trends quarter-over-quarter, you had a headwind organically in the segment last quarter, and I know you called out some weather events and the like, but then to go to kind of this sort of mid-single-digit organic growth in the segment this quarter. Can you just maybe help us understand what you saw from the business on an organic basis and how to think about organic growth going forward through the balance of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, strongly -- we're still in the growth mode in that business, right? And so we're -- recycling and waste is a very mature business and we could kind of give you a really clear and clean outlook, right? There's going to be a little more up and down in this business as we grow and build it out and part of that is on the customer side. On one hand we are churning out customers on one end of the business who weren't willing to pay returns and -- to beat our returns and we're going to put upward pressure on industry pricing as we always do. And on the flip side, we're layering cross-sell opportunities that we've talked about. And so those don't all come in kind of ratably month to month. Those come in kind of in different timing and waves. So really pleased with the progress. I'd encourage you on that business, if you're measuring it by the quarter, right, you're probably not going to get the best signal quarter to quarter if that's over the next one to two years certainly. Measuring it over the year, I think, gives you a much better view of the trajectory and we're really pleased on both the top line and certainly bottom line performance of that business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And Noah, just based on when we put in our annual price increase, we didn't see the full impact of that until the second quarter. And so I think that's also reflective of what you're seeing in EBITDA margin performance of that business at the same time.
Noah Kaye: Very good points. Do you feel comfortable underwriting organic growth, [turn to] (ph) the PIs for the balance of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: I'm sorry, do we expect organic growth for the balance of the year?
Noah Kaye: Are you expecting, like embedded in the outlook, are you expecting organic growth in -- for the balance of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, yeah, we are. And if you know that business and nature of it, because it's so mix sensitive, there isn't a very clear kind of unit versus price, the kind of pair apart or peel apart volume versus price like we do in recycling and waste. And it hasn't been for lack of trying, but there's just too many variables that don't allow us to do that, but underlying organic unit growth will be there.
Noah Kaye: Very helpful. Just on the margins, really strong performance here. I wondered if we could maybe unpack a little bit that underlying 130 bps as you provided some nuggets in the past that would be helpful. And then I think to put additional color on the response to Tyler's question, it seems like we could be looking at margins up maybe 100 bps or so year-over-year in 3Q and kind of flattish in 4Q. If there's any kind of nuance you would give in terms of how to shape that, that would be helpful for modeling purposes.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, let me start with your -- the last part of your question first. I think the shape, you're on the right path there. Maybe a little bit less in Q3 and a little bit more in Q4, but I think the shape, you're directionally correct. Looking at the performance in the underlying business, we saw 120 basis points in recycling waste. We saw actually more than that in the environmental solutions business because for the 130 basis points for the company taken as a whole, remember we had to overcome 80 to 100 basis points of dilution from acquisition we completed in the environmental solutions business in Q4 of 23. So, when you take a look at the underlying business within environmental solutions, it was close to 200 basis points.
Noah Kaye: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Burgmeier with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking questions. In the prepared remarks, I think you mentioned a little bit of intentional shedding in the small container business. I was maybe just wondering if you could expand on that, give us a sense of the size of the brokerage business you're running there, or maybe it's possible to say maybe what inning the volume shedding is in at this point?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I'd say the good news is, from an ongoing standpoint, right, we had a bigger broker business a decade ago, and we made a very clear choice that we believe customers are people who generate recycling waste, and we want to have direct relationships with them. So, we're very intentional. What's happened is over the last four or five years, as we've become much more acquisitive, we've seen that portion of the business increase because when we acquire companies, we see that 10% of their book, for example, might be serving brokers. And we don't value $0.01, right, when we pay the purchase price of the deal, because we know that business is going to come out of the system. Typically, we do that over the course of six to maybe even 12 or 18 months honoring contracts in a very ratable fashion, right? In this case, we accelerated it because we felt like with one broker, in particular, we had a receivables risk. And so we took more accelerated action. But there'll always be a small portion of the business that's going to be a drag on our revenue that we're shedding because it's coming in through M&A.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And a point that I'd make there as well is that if you take a look at the volume decline in small container, it was almost exclusively due to these broker-related losses. If you take a look in the open market, we're actually seeing positive unit growth in that business.
Bryan Burgmeier: Got it, got it, that makes total sense. Just kind of last question for me, it's just on the guidance increase, apologies if I missed this. Is it possible to maybe just bucket maybe what is going better on the net price side or just kind of touch on it anecdotally, is it prices coming in higher, cost coming in lower? Is it labor? Is it repair? Just any finer points you can kind of put on what's really been better throughout the first six months. Thank you and I'll turn it over.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, I would say overall we're looking at price in a similar way that we did in the beginning of the year. I would say the spread between price and cost inflation is favorable. So that's one of the reasons why we're seeing the better than expected margin expansion. And then I would say the other big piece is really just favorable commodity prices and the flowthrough that has to the bottom line. But an overwhelming majority, again, is going to be in that price-cost spread.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I'm wondering if we could talk about...
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi. I'm wondering if we could just talk about free cash flow conversion. So, you folks are now up to the mid-40s in EBITDA, the free cash flow conversion, and that's while making the growth investments that you spoke about earlier. As we think about what the free cash flow conversion will look like once the growth investments are producing EBITDA and cash flow, is it reasonable to think about free cash conversion ultimately rising to the high 40s or what kind of [guidepost] (ph) would you think about over the next couple of years as you complete those CapEx and get the cash flow coming in?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, what I would say, Jerry, is that, again, back to we're not looking at a theoretical cap, we're just looking for that consistent improvement in performance. So our expectations is that just, because again, when you think about some of the things that we can do on the balance sheet as far as improving working capital, being more efficient with the CapEx, start with the, 30 to 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion we expect, growing free cash flow conversion a little bit more. Now that said, we've got to overcome things like the expiration of bonus depreciation and some other things that we've had to sit there and overcome that are a little bit outside of our control. So you got to overcome that. From the base business though, you can think of that, call it 50 to 75 basis points of improvement. And then you got to net out the impact of bonus depreciation, which is different by year.
Jerry Revich: Got it. Thanks, Brian. And then on the US Ecol ERP rollout, it was an area of opportunity for you folks. Can you just update us on the timing and, which point will we get the sort of route level intelligence that you folks are used to for your overall business that could drive some further margin opportunities?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, we'd see being on a common platform, right, on that business, on the environmental solutions business in early 25, then we can then iterate the system itself in order to be able to get smarter with respect to the information that we have. So we can be more strategic with respect to pricing, get better as far as productivity, and just become more profitable over time. But right now, we still have a number of systems that we're trying just first to consolidate, then we can continue to enhance and improve the system that we're operating on.
Jerry Revich: Super, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sabahat Khan: Hey, great. Thanks and good afternoon. You provided a bit of color on sort of the M&A landscape. I guess within this guidance, are you still sort of on pace for this $500 million for the full year? Maybe we can just talk about the availability of transactions at the right multiples. Obviously, some big transactions out there, but trying to see what you're facing out there on the smaller tuck-in acquisition types and just sort of pace for the rest of the year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, the pipeline looks good. Keep in mind, we don't operate the business for the quarter. We operate it forever. So we did $800 million of acquisitions in Q4 last year. So there's some natural lumpiness, especially the M&A pipeline. So a little quieter for the first quarter. This year, listen, we could end up at $500 million. We could end up between, $400 million to $500 million or we could end up north of $500 million if other stuff kicks in here. I think we'll be north of $400 million just based on what we have in front of us. And then do we get closer to $500 million or above that, we'll see kind of what happens. Sometimes deals hit you and they're in an accelerated fashion. Most of the time at this point, we're kind of looking at a Q1 and Q2 for close for those transactions. So anything bigger would certainly be at a little bit of a longer timeframe in terms of a close in next year, wouldn't close this year anything more substantial.
Sabahat Khan: Okay, great. And then maybe if you could just share a little bit of color on some of the cost line items as you think about the back end of this year and heading into 25, how are some of the costs that you're seeing on the ground level comparing to some of the headline inflation numbers maybe across labor and some of the other bigger line items? Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, we certainly saw good sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2 across maintenance, transportation, labor that -- the cake is already baked on labor for the year, but the comp year-over-year is certainly improving on that. So, as Brian mentioned, that's certainly what's fueling, along with price, our margin expansion. And we seek a continued modulation of that in the second half of the year. So feel really good about the team's execution on cost control.
Sabahat Khan: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I was hoping you'd give us an update on the $100 million digital opportunity that you previously outlined, and the MPower asset management system that you talked about, the $20 million benefit there, is that included or separate from the $100 million?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, so I think, David, I think you're talking about our RISE digital platform. So we said there was $100 million of opportunity. They're cumulative and we've realized about $65 million to date and we would expect to continue to sit there and realize those benefits in future periods, which is embedded in that 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion that we're calling for on a regular cadence, that would certainly be part of that over the next couple years.
David Manthey: But the new asset management system, that's not in the $100 million, it's separate.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure thats -- sorry, I think [indiscernible] that's an additional $20 million. Now, it's going to be deployed in a phased approach. So we actually just hit our first pilot locations. We're going to be deploying that through the end of 2025. So we really don't expect to get that full run rate benefit until 2026.
David Manthey: Got it. Okay. And then if I heard you right on the margin improvement in environmental solutions, are there areas of the legacy US ecology business that you've leaned into or maybe de-emphasized over the past two years that have helped improve the mix of that business or is the pricing and efficiency that you're getting just by using the legacy systems and seeing some improvement there?
Jon Vander Ark: No, it's all of the above. It's certainly pricing for the value we're delivering. It is challenging then the mix, right? We make more money in certain, especially in the field services side of the business, you make more money in certain areas and less in others. And then even within some of those categories of in field service challenging each customer account. What isn't really earning their cost of capital and therefore those are things we're pricing or replacing over time and the team's done a great job of that. I'd say as we get our IT systems in place, which Del talked about, that gives us an opportunity to get even more refined and drive even more value from a pricing standpoint.
David Manthey: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. I wanted to take maybe a high-level view here. I [Technical Difficulty] margin expansion opportunity over the next, I think this year you've given them color, but I think about 2025 and maybe even early 2026. I think if you put together everything that you've outlined, whether continuing nice price costs for solid waste, nice ES expansion, some of your R&G or polymer centers coming online here at the end of the year, it kind of makes it seem like we could see another outsized year of margin expansion, all things considered, for the foreseeable future beyond 2024. Is there anything I'm missing there, or how would you kind of frame the margin opportunity here beyond 2024?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I think Del highlighted earlier, think about recycling of waste 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion a year. We talked about environmental solutions, getting to 25%. Now again, we're reaching there, getting there probably a little quicker than we thought. But again, there'll be some ups and downs in any given quarter. But over the sequence, certainly have line of sight to 25% margin for the year on that category. And then that's not the ending point, right? We'll continue to move. I think in the long term, we would aspire to have EBITDA margins across the two different parts of our business that converge over time, because we think there's that much opportunity and value that's delivered in the environmental solutions space. And again, that's a long-term target on that, but I've given you kind of a marker for kind of what kind of ratable improvement. And we're reticent to kind of choose an individual year because again, that's not how we run the business. We run it forever.
Stephanie Moore: Great, that's helpful. And then maybe as you think about the pricing environment as the year progresses and more so next year, just kind of your mix across various index-based pricing, kind of your thoughts about potentially above historical average pricing, even as inflation comes down? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So, again, we've talked about our initiative in order to move to those favorable indices, water sewer trash, garbage trash, and those tend to run higher than CPI. So if you're going back and comparing to five or six years ago, yes, we would expect the restricted portion of our book to perform better than it had historically. But, we've made really good progress and movement against that. So, again, we're close to 60% of that book that was historically linked to CPI now on a favorable index or a fixed rate increase. So that's already reflected in the numbers that you saw in, or that you're seeing in 2024. But certainly, yes, we would expect to be better than where we were historically.
Stephanie Moore: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Butler with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Let's start with just on the small container side. When you think about the service intervals, maybe some color on how that's trending and what you kind of have built into the back half of 24? Maybe if you exclude the brokerage piece, how positive was the small container volume side?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, so service increases continue to exceed decreases. And as I mentioned, for net new business within our open market small container is positive. So if you just take the open market, it would have been modestly positive. I would sit there and say, in the quarter, which was completely offset by what we saw from the broker-related business.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then the second question, when you think about the midpoint guidance kind of going up on EBITDA, kind of $60 million, $65 million, And you break that out, you talked about price cost being the biggest chunk of that. Can you give some color just on how big maybe the recycling is on a dollar amount for that kind of increase?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, so it's, call it, 25 to 30 with the balance all being in the underlying business.
Brian Butler: All right, and if I could squeeze one last one in there, is your sensitivity to the RIN prices really changed at all? I mean, RINs have been kind of elevated for a while now, but maybe just if you have any color on kind of where that sensitivity kind of stands.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Our sensitivity hasn't changed that much just because we haven't added that much to the portfolio. It will certainly -- that sensitivity will increase over time as more projects come online. But right now, if you think about just rough math, a $0.10 change in RIN prices is approximately $1 million of operating income annual for us.
Brian Butler: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tobey Sommer with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thanks. On the acquisition front, over time, is $500 million a good number for annual spend, or does that change as we go out in the future because the company clearly is growing and perhaps that needs to increase to maintain the same impact?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah we don't really have a target on the acquisition number. And so we kind of give you a rough guide because it's helpful, I think, for your modeling purposes. But as we think about opportunities, right, we want to buy companies that can first fit our strategic filter. We think we're the natural owner there and we can create value for our customers and then the financial filter, which is -- are we going to exceed our cost of capital and create economic profit for our shareholders. Those are the two things we look at. And so we're not opportunity -- we're not capital constrained in that respect. And so [to the extent] (ph) we find those opportunities, we're going to go do that. So, we've spent as much as $3 billion in a given year, and this year is going to be a little more muted, obviously, partly, again, for the internal constraint of we want to make sure that we can digest and execute what we buy over time. So we'll give you an update as we go get into 2025 what we think the outlook is, but it's going to be more of a year-to-year look than some longer-term outlook of what we're going to spend.
Tobey Sommer: Thanks. On the employee attrition front, I know it's down from the peak of several years ago and that helps labor expense and margin expansion, but if I look at it from a different angle and say how low has it gotten before during economic slowdowns and downturns, how far away are we from that at this juncture?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, I'd say if you think about we're at, right, kind of our benchmark level, if you think about any normal run of period. Now, if you take a very short look, like, April and May of 2020, after COVID hit, right, it dropped near zero because everyone was just trying to hold on and figure out what's happening in the world. But if you think about any longer run across a set of quarters, we're certainly at our best performance and we're not stopping. We think there's further opportunity for improvement. Obviously, the rate of improvement will slow. Zero is never the right answer in this category, but we think we can get better.
Operator: At this time, there appears to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Nick. I would like to thank the entire Republic Services team for their focus on exceeding customer expectations and commitment to driving value for all of our stakeholders. Have a wonderful rest of the summer and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2024 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Aaron Evans: Thank you. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results.  
 Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 30, 2024. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited.  
 I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website.  
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon. 
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate our focus on profitably growing the business. We produced revenue growth, both organically and through acquisitions, while enhancing profitability across the enterprise. During the quarter, we achieved revenue growth of 8%, generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 12%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 120 basis points, reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.45 and produced $535 million of adjusted free cash flow. The results we delivered are made possible by executing our strategy, supported by our differentiated capabilities.  
 Regarding customer zeal, our efforts to provide best-in-class essential services and sustainability offerings continue to drive customer loyalty and organic growth in the business. Our customer retention rate remained high at over 94%, and we continue to see favorable trends in our net promoter score as customers value our broad service offerings and the quality of our service delivery. Strong organic revenue growth during the first quarter was underpinned by core price on related revenue of 8.5% and average yield on related revenue of 7.3%.  
 This level of pricing exceeded our internal cost inflation and resulted in over 100 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Organic volume on related revenue declined 1.1%. Large-container and disposal volumes were negatively impacted by severe weather across most of our geographies during the first quarter. Most of the weather impact occurred in January, and we saw a notable rebound in volume performance in February and March as weather conditions normalized.  
 Turning to our digital capabilities. The team continues to advance the implementation of digital tools that improve the experience for both customers and our employees. Our RISE digital operations platform is driving improved route optimization and safety performance and providing more predictable service delivery to our customers. Development of our new asset management system is underway, which is expected to increase maintenance technician productivity and enhance warranty recovery.  
 We expect to begin deploying the new system later this year using a phased approach, which we estimate will result in $20 million of annual cost savings by 2026. We continue to benefit from advanced technology on recycling and waste collection routes. Our platform utilizes cameras to identify overfilled containers and contamination in recycling containers. This technology will reduce contamination in our recycling centers and is expected to generate approximately $60 million incremental annual revenue. To date, we have already achieved $30 million of annual benefit. 
 Moving on to sustainability. We believe that our sustainability innovation investments in plastic circularity and renewable natural gas are a platform for profitable growth. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities remains on track. Our Las Vegas polymer center is operational and delivery of plastic flake to our offtake partners began in March. Construction is progressing on our Indianapolis polymer center with equipment installation planned to begin in June. This operation will be co-located with a Blue Polymers production facility.  
 The renewable natural gas projects being codeveloped with our partners continue to advance. One project came online during the first quarter, and we expect at least 7 additional projects to be completed in 2024. We continue to advance our efforts to support decarbonization, including our industry-leading commitment to fleet electrification. We currently have 15 collection vehicles in operations. We expect to have more than 50 additional EVs to be added to our fleet in 2024.  
 We now have 7 facilities with commercial EV charging infrastructure. Development of 40 additional locations is underway with more than 10 new sites expected to be completed in 2024. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continually strive to be the employer of choice in the markets that we serve. Employee turnover continues to improve with our first quarter turnover rate improving 70 basis points compared to the prior year.  
 As a result, we are better staffed to optimize our operations and capitalize on growth opportunities in the market. Our comprehensive sustainability performance continues to be widely recognized as Republic Services was recently named to Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies List, Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies List and Fortune's Most Innovative Companies List. 
 With respect to capital allocation, we invested $41 million in acquisitions during the first quarter. Our acquisition pipeline remains supportive of continued activity in both the recycling and waste and environmental solutions businesses. We continue to see opportunity for $500 million of investment in value-creating acquisitions in 2024. Additionally, we returned $168 million to shareholders through dividends in the first quarter. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 7%. Core price on related revenue was 8.5%, which included open market pricing of 10.2% and restricted pricing of 5.7%. The components of core price on related revenue included small-container of 12.2%, large-container of 7.7% and residential of 8.1%. Average yield on total revenue was 6% and average yield on related revenue was 7.3%.  
 First quarter volume on total revenue decreased 90 basis points and volume on related revenue decreased 1.1%. The components of our volume performance included a decrease in large-container of 4.4%, primarily due to severe weather in January, along with continued softness in construction-related activity, and a decrease in residential of 2.6%. During the quarter, landfill MSW volume was up 1.6% and small-container volume increased 30 basis points.  
 Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $153 per ton during the first quarter. This compared to $105 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 40 basis points during the quarter. Commodity prices are exceeding our initial expectations as current commodity prices are approximately $160 per ton.  
 Now turning to our environmental solutions business. First quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $15 million compared to the prior year. The growth was due to the rollover impact from an acquisition that closed in the fourth quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the environmental solutions business was 20.5%, which compared to 21% in the prior year. After considering the dilutive impact from a recent acquisition of 110 basis points, EBITDA margin in the environmental solutions business increased 60 basis points.  
 Total company adjusted EBITDA margin for the first quarter expanded 120 basis points to 30.2%, which was driven by margin expansion in the underlying business of 110 basis points. Other changes in margin performance during the quarter included a 20 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices and a 20 basis point increase from net fuel. This was partially offset by a 30 basis point decrease from acquisitions.  
 Adjusted free cash flow was $535 million in the first quarter. Free cash flow conversion was 45.9%. Total debt was $13 billion and total liquidity was $2.8 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.8x. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments and renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25.4% during the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. We also received a $12 million state grant associated with renewable energy investment. This benefit was recorded in other income and added $0.03 of EPS. This did not impact EBITDA or EBITDA margin during the quarter. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Adam on for Jerry today. So your first polymer center recently opened. Just wondering how that plan is tracking versus your initial expectations. Any surprises there? 
Jon Vander Ark: No. It probably opened a month later than we thought all around related permitting and infrastructure issues. The core operations are actually exceeding our expectation.  Shipping to customers, they think it is some of the, if not the, cleanest recycled PET flake in the world. So the facilities, the team are executing really, really well. And again, happy with our equipment providers, happy with everything, and we're up and running in Indianapolis, and we're probably -- should shortly announce our third location on the East Coast. 
Unknown Analyst: Terrific. And then shifting to US Ecology. Just wondering if you can update us on how you're thinking about what level of margin upside is feasible for that business once you fully integrated  the systems, just based on your experience on optimizing route profitability and pricing for your base business. What's the level of margin upside potential there? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're targeting a 25% EBITDA margin there in the midterm and it's really going to be a series of levers, right? We're going to think about customer mix and making sure that we have customers that are willing to pay. We'll obviously think about pricing for the value we deliver on that. We'll drive additional revenue through cross-sell, which we've talked about. And the IT investments help there. They also help us manage the middle, just better labor utilization, more efficiency in terms of disposal, optimizing disposal assets and getting the material into the right spot. And then as we grow, we'll certainly get more leverage on our SG&A. So we've got a series of levers that we think get us to 25% in the midterm. 
Operator: The next question is from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. 
Toni Kaplan: You mentioned the weakness in volume related to weather. I was hoping that you could give the weather impact in the quarter? 
Brian Delghiaccio: We think, overall, that was about a 50 basis point drag on total volume performance. So you can think about that being down circa 1%. Half of which was weather-related and then just half more in those cyclical volumes as we talked about, construction activity and the like. 
Toni Kaplan: Yes. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then just wanted to ask about pricing. Strong core price again this quarter, maybe a little bit above expectation. I think you mentioned it exceeded your expectation as well. I think last quarter, you talked about trajectory of 1Q being the high point, 4Q likely being the low end. Is that still your expectation? And has anything in the inflationary backdrop changed your view on how price plays out or how good price was in the first quarter? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think it modestly exceeded our expectations. And I think that cadence we laid out is still right as we see the -- it will sort of come down. Could we extend that a little higher as the interest rates remain high and I think inflation has been a little stickier than people expected? Yes, I think there's certainly potential for that. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. 
Michael Hoffman: So I guess, one on ES would be the cross-sell. When you bought it, you didn't expect -- you didn't put that into the plan, but it's been proving to be a positive contributor. How do we track against where you -- we are now in that cross-sell? What's that incremental total dollar we picked up? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think we're making great progress on that, Michael. Listen, that ES was a little softer in the quarter where certainly, weather impacted them. And they were also coming off a pretty tough comp because we had a great first quarter last year. But that pipeline remains strong. I think we stopped talking about the pipeline at $150 million. That pipeline has grown from there. Now that pipeline is over a couple of years. It builds out as these opportunities develop.  Either the work initiates from a recurring generator or sometimes, it's a project that has a scheduled start that has pushed out a few months. 
 So we feel really good about that. And frankly, there's another wave of upside as we get integrated on the IT side and then we get our sales organization kind of optimized against those customer lists and that information. We think there's strong pull-through. I think what's been undeniable for us is that customers want and desire a single-source solution. And this integrated offering is something that we could sell very profitably in the marketplace. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then switching gears back to the solid waste business. So that opportunity to capture surcharges and overages through the digital platform, what's the point of conversion of that into a permanent revenue? So you got the -- eventually, a salesperson shows up and says, hey, your container is always overflowing, and you convert it into a permanent upgrade? What's that look like? How do we think about that? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Michael, to your point, the obvious solution to that is to sit there and either get an increased level of service, whether it be the size of the container or just the number of times, the frequency that we're providing that service. But when you take a look just at those incremental revenues, they've been fairly sticky, meaning even though we've had these, because they're not consistent, they tend to be somewhat episodic as well. So again, when we're providing the service based on a certain amount of volume within that container, if there's those overages, we're going to charge for that and same with the contamination. Ultimately, could that change behavior over time? Yes, and we would want that. And at which point then, that probably just results in increased frequency, which positively impacts the top line as well. 
Jon Vander Ark: And that is the protocol, right? If somebody's got multiple overages, right, the protocol is it's pushed through Salesforce and the salesperson calls on that customer says, hey, it's time to go from twice a week to 3 times a week or a larger container or whatever the right solution is. To Del's point, I think it's still early days, and we've seen it's across a variety of customers, right? It's not like we're getting all this from the same small set of customers. It's kind of one-sie, two-sie on that front, so it's a little early to tell in terms of what that conversion looks like in the kind of permanent upgrades. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Burgmeier with Citi. 
Bryan Burgmeier: In the prepared remarks, you touched on a revenue opportunity in recycling. I guess, just what's kind of driving the biggest tailwinds there right now? Is it capturing maybe different materials such as plastic? Are you increasing the throughput speed? And is there any opportunity maybe on the labor side as well? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Well, I think what we talked about, Bryan, on the recycling side a little bit, was on those fees. We were just talking about more on the contamination side. So again, when you take a look at how we're deploying AI into the business, we're doing it on overages, right, on the traditional waste. And then on the recycling, it's more about contamination. So that's what we're talking about there.
 When you just talk about where you saw the uplift in recycling, that was really a function of just the recycled commodity prices and the lift in the overall basket. So our overall basket was $153 per ton in the first quarter. We exited the year at around $130 so that's that uplift, which is really what's driving that increase in recycled commodities. 
Bryan Burgmeier: Got it. Got it. That makes sense. Yes, I was inquiring about the $60 million opportunity there. And then maybe just on solid waste, like really nice margin performance in 1Q. What are your expectations for cost now versus the start of the year? Based on the public data, maybe wages are cooling a little bit. I'm not sure if that's really accurate for you, guys. And any view on kind of M&R costs? I'll turn it over. 
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes. I think we're -- the team is executing well in the middle. The outlook is favorable in terms of cost. But on the wage side, that cake is already baked. We give our colleagues all their annual increase at the end of February, right? And even if inflation cools, we don't call them up in September and say, we want some of that back. So that forms -- it's more of a step function in terms of cost. Same thing on third-party transportation. I'd say the most dynamic parts of the cost structure are landfill operating and maintenance. And just on maintenance, again, team is executing well. We're taking more truck deliveries, and that will certainly have a positive aspect as we park some older trucks and replace those with newer trucks. The maintenance cost is obviously substantially lower on those newer trucks, so that should provide a nice benefit toward the second half of the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: Really nice OpEx leverage here as others have alluded to. And at this point, 30 bps margin expansion at midpoint for the full year looks pretty conservative to us, at least in light of 1Q results and the trends. So can you kind of comment on margin expectations and at least how we should be thinking about the typical step-up in margins as we get into the stronger seasonal quarters? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We certainly feel comfortable with how the team is executing in our plan for the rest of the year on that front. And look, for the overall environment, keep in mind, we're in a pretty much a zero-growth volume environment on recycling and waste over the last couple of years, if you think about housing starts and the correlation of that to volume on that front. And certain parts of the economy are a little slower like construction for sure, with interest rates remaining elevated, both commercial and residential construction has been softer on that front. 
 Manufacturing has certainly been soft as well. Now there's some certainly positive signs that, that activity is picking up at the plant level, which is encouraging. So we remain pretty confident in our plan, but also mindful of the external environment. Election years, sometimes, special waste volume can push out a little bit on that front. So we'll update you more as we get into the seasonal upswing here after Q2. 
Noah Kaye: Absolutely. I think the spirit of the question is that despite volumes being down more than expected, I mean, margin performance in 1Q was definitely stronger, I think, perhaps, maybe even in your internal forecast, certainly, than the Street. Is there any reason why some of the underlying tailwinds to margins, excluding volumes, shouldn't continue into future quarters? So as you said, you have pretty good visibility on things like labor costs. Is there anything on the cost side of the equation that should give us pause? 
Brian Delghiaccio: No, it's -- to your question, right, we got off to a nice strong start, but it's the first quarter, right? So again, we like to see that continue, that seasonal uptick. We've got some strength right now in recycled commodity prices, but we're 1/4 of the way through. So to your observation, we've gotten us to a really good start to the year, which would suggest there's some modest upside. But we've got to sit there and see it play through the remainder of the year. But we're very pleased with our results in the first quarter. 
Noah Kaye: Yes. Very fair. And then just a quick housekeeping item. The release and your comments mentioned $41 million spend on acquisitions in the period. The line item in the cash flow statement, obviously, well north of that. And I assume that delta is primarily related to the sustainability investments, maybe some renewable energy projects. Can you maybe just help us with that bridge and how to think about full year spending, even excluding the M&A that you hope to do in the balance of the year? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. Most of that is the investments that we're making in those JVs. So we would expect between what we're doing on the landfill gas to energy as well as the investments in Blue Polymers to be about $230 million of investments in those JVs in '24. 
Noah Kaye: Okay, $230 million. And so it sounds like you spent a good chunk of that then already, just doing some quick math here. So that tapers off as we move to the back half? 
Brian Delghiaccio: It does. Yes. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. 
David Manthey: Could you provide us with some details on the timing, size and type of acquisition that you did in environmental solutions? It looks like volume growth was about 3.2% this quarter. I'm wondering how much of that was the acquisition. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Well, the acquisition that we completed was in the fourth quarter of '23. So most of what you're seeing there on the environmental solutions side is the rollover impact of a company that we bought out on the West Coast. And we talked about that in our fourth quarter release. But when you think about the total rollover impact right now of acquisitions, so that which closed in '23, together with the deals that closed in the first quarter, it's about 220 basis points of rollover impact to revenue in '24. 
David Manthey: Okay. And this enterprise asset management initiative you have, you talked about maintenance productivity and warranty recovery. Could you explain to me what that means and maybe size the opportunity there? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. Well, now you've got a system which is going to be seamlessly integrated. So when you think about the platform that we put on both the financial and the procurement side, now being seamlessly integrated with an asset management system, so our ability to track parts and to be able to sit there and make sure that we're getting warranty recovery on every single part that we take off a truck, greatly enhanced. Right now, it's a very manual exercise in order to sit there and to get those warranty dollars as well as just greater efficiency for the technician. 
 So what that means is with that extra time and that capacity that's created, we can in-source more of those repairs. So instead of outsourcing at a multiple, in order to sit there and have those repairs done with a third-party shop, we can do those in-house. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Sabahat Khan: Great. Just maybe if we could get a little bit of color on sort of the volume cadence you expect for the rest of the year. A couple of your peers have called out bit of a softer Q2 there. Maybe just your expectation on cadence and if that's changed versus what you might have expected at Q4 reporting a bit earlier. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes, we would expect obviously a sequential improvement from what we saw in Q1 just because we don't -- we're not expecting the weather impact again. Q2, yes, we would expect it to be a little bit negative, given what we're seeing with some of the construction-related activity. We're not seeing a rebound there yet. As we get into the second half of the year, we start to anniversary some of those construction-related declines. So we would expect that to be flat to even potentially slightly positive. 
Sabahat Khan: Okay. Great. And then on the PFAS front, you guys have obviously a bit of a unique exposure with the environmental business. Maybe if you look at the puts and the takes across your entire business, obviously, it's a bit early. But just curious how you're sort of approaching that opportunity and kind of the net impact of any additional costs? Just how do you view that entire opportunity given your 2 business lines? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're -- it's a net positive for sure. We talked about kind of $70 million to $90 million last year of PFAS-related revenue. We'll have that number better this year with the pipeline that's building. So we offer a very unique set of products and services to our customers to help them remediate, all the way from the service to multiple opportunities for disposal, solid waste, landfill, obviously. 
 For low levels of PFAS [ as these ] landfills, deep well, and that solution is certainly resonating with our customers. But on the other side of the business, that's a multiyear opportunity that's going to play out over time. And there's -- certainly, the size and scale of that opportunity is hard to size yet because it does depend a bit on the regulatory environment. And likewise, on the waste and recycling side, there certainly could be some headwinds there if this thing is poorly executed. I think the industry is doing a good job of pushing back and making sure that we don't get penalized as being a passive receiver. 
 And I would say, from a litigation standpoint and more broadly, as regulation increases in the industry, if you think about the last 25, 30 years, we've done a really good job of passing on that cost of regulation and not making that hurt returns. And I think over time, given the nature and complexity, it favors the larger players. So we want regulation to be thoughtful and intelligent. But we see that, again, over time, we're in that [ winter ] through PFAS. 
Operator: The next question is from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli Funds. 
George Bancroft: Regarding the plastics, maybe just a step up -- climbing to 30,000 feet and just sort of long-term view on it. With these -- with regulations that have been implemented on plastics like the ones that went into effect in Canada, I maybe assume as it goes to Canada or in California, so goes the rest. How do you see those maybe stricter regulations in what can be made and thrown out versus the need to be recycled and the restrictions on that? How does that impact in the long term your polymer centers? And maybe how it -- if it changes producer behavior in what they'll produce? And how does that maybe impact your long-term net return on investment for those facilities? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, consumer packaged goods companies for a long time have talked about minimum content goals. I think when the regulatory environment came online with California and that the other states have followed, that's really what's driven different activity in the marketplace. So we had pretty clear expectations for returns when we built the Las Vegas polymer center. As we always do, we're going to be good stewards of capital, and we've certainly exceeded our expectations there. And I think there's more upward opportunity as we go. We could sell out that facility 5x over. 
 And the same will be true in Indianapolis and the other centers. The market is structurally short supplied of recycled PET, and we've got the unique capability of collecting something 5 million times a day, right? And so we can be the anchor tenant of our own facility on that front. So over time, I think we'll think about innovating on collection. So how do we get more PET and more olefins into the system? And then that might spark the opportunity to create a fifth or a sixth polymer center, and we'll take that on as we go. 
Operator: The next question is from Tobey Sommer with Truist Securities. 
Tobey Sommer: A question for you on the hazardous side. How is sort of pipeline and overall demand? And do you think it's sufficient to easily absorb new incinerator capacity coming towards the end of this calendar year? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Pipeline is strong. It's activity, like I said, was certainly weather-related impact in the first quarter. Pipeline is strong. We got a number of attractive things, again, both on recurring streams and some event work in the pipeline. The market is structurally short supplied on incineration. And even with the new capacity coming online, I think it's likely to be tight for the foreseeable future on that front.
 And then you think about any kind of medium to even a bearish case on PFAS is going to push more volume in liquid side into incineration. So we see that, again, market being tight supplied for the foreseeable future. 
Tobey Sommer: Appreciate that. And then if I could ask a question on the expense side beyond wages. In terms of hiring, training and the safety events that tend to happen more frequently with new employees, are those other elements around direct compensation also sort of seeing less growth and sort of a benefit to margins this year? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're seeing certainly great trucking safety numbers. We talked about turnover. We talked about NPS. And listen, all these things are connected. We've done this a long time, and we know that when you are fully staffed and you've got trained and tenured drivers, they provide great customer service, right? It lowers your risk costs. Those customers are happy with the product offering, and they're willing to pay more and stay longer. So we're certainly seeing some of the benefits of a reduced turnover as well. 
Operator: The next question is from James Schumm with TD Cowen. 
James Schumm: Just curious if you guys are seeing any trends in the residential business with respect to competition or pricing? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, I think that market, we've talked about this at length that's -- over the last decade as the business has improved and transformed in lots of ways, that's one of the parts of the business that hasn't made as much progress. And we have a very strong belief that we need to raise returns in that part of the business. And on balance, I'd say, competitive conduct is improving in terms of people getting a fair return for the work they do. It still has room to improve. And we're going to be disciplined in that space, and we're not going to do work for low returns. And if  a city wants a different provider who might be cheaper but doesn't provide as much benefit, so be it. We're going to put our -- allocate our capital to places where we get a very attractive return. 
James Schumm: Got it. And then I'm assuming turnover is trending lower, but did you give any specifics there? And what's your target for turnover, if you have one? And apologies if I missed it. 
Jon Vander Ark: No problem. We haven't talked about it probably. It's sub-20%. And there's a seasonal curve to turnover, obviously. Again, it goes up in Q2 and Q3, just like volumes do, and comes down in Q4 and Q1. Listen, running the business sub-20%, right, this gets very attractive in terms of all the operating metrics I talked about earlier, including the financial performance of the business. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. 
Harold Antor: This is Harold Antor on for Stephanie Moore. I guess just on the M&A side, do you expect this year to be above average M&A? We've heard some of your other competitors say, M&A this year may be a little bit more active. And I guess in terms of your verticals, which verticals would you look to see -- would you look to make the biggest gains in M&A? 
Jon Vander Ark: Listen, we had a really outsized -- we're coming off $5.5 billion of M&A spend over the last 3 years. There's also -- there's always some episodic nature to that. We closed 2 really big transactions last year in the fourth quarter. And I think last year, there was a $1.8 billion spend. $1.4 billion of it was in recycling and waste, so there's a natural ebb and flow of just when those deals close. And we don't time any of those things around a quarter or a year, right? We do that when the seller is ready to sell on that front. The pipeline remains strong in recycling and waste and environmental solutions. 
 The only place, I'd say, we're slightly self-constrained is on the environmental solutions field services side of the business only because we're doing so much IT integration work that we're letting that team get focused there. And again, the pipeline is certainly building, and we could close more opportunities right now. We're pausing until 2025 on that, when we have a really solid foundation to integrate companies into because that's when we think we maximize the synergies of those acquisitions. 
Harold Antor: And I believe that you said recycled commodities are trending at $160 per ton. Is that what you're baking in for 2Q? And if not, I guess, what are you baking in there? And I guess one housekeeping is, what is internal inflation running right now? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. I mean right now, we're just pegging to what we see, which is running right around that $160 per ton. But back to my earlier comment, we want to see that stay for a longer period of time before we sit there and say that, that's where it's going to be for the remainder of the year. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Feniger with Bank of America. 
Michael Feniger: Just a quick one, I apologize if you already addressed it. But I think EBITDA was a little bit down in environmental solutions or environmental services. Margin was down a little bit. You might have addressed it earlier, but apologies if there was something you would want to call out of why that happened and how we kind of think about how that plays through the full year. 
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes. No, most of that is the acquisition we did in the fourth quarter, ACT. And as you know, when we do acquisitions, we always invest heavily in Q1 -- or in the first year rather, the pro forma, to integrate on that front. So that's what's the drag on that. But again, our margin outlook for ES is certainly positive for the year. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. And we would expect that to abate, that margin headwind on the acquisition, and we ultimately expect to see margin expansion in that business on a full year basis. 
Michael Feniger: And would it be probably above what you would expect for the solid waste business? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Well, look, solid waste ran at 120 basis points in our first quarter.  As we say again, we talked about that cadence on environmental solutions moving in that 75 to 100 basis points per year, right? And we see that on a sustained basis in the medium term until we hit that medium-term target of circa 25%. So I think you can think of it in that ZIP code. 
Michael Feniger: And lastly, guys, just to wrap up, Brian, obviously, there's a lot of focus on CPI, either inflation staying sticky, rolling over, moderating. Can you just remind us when we think of CPI, there's obviously the headline CPI. There's what you guys have kind of converted over time. Can you just remind us where we are in that process? That would be helpful. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. So if you just take a look, again, if you look at our entire revenue stream, about 45% of our revenue has some sort of contractual pricing restriction, 55% in the open market. So of that 45% that has that contractual pricing mechanism, 23% is directly linked to CPI, headline CPI. 27% are alternative indices like water, sewer trash, garbage trash. And then the remaining 50% are either a fixed rate increase, some sort of rate review, things of that nature. So we've continued to move, right, the book away from headline CPI to alternative indices, where now we have more on alternative indices than we do on headline. 
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. 
Michael Hoffman: I just wanted to play a little cleanup. So one, to roll off this temporary container business, is it not correct that you would park equipment pretty quickly, reposition drivers, raise price? So while this may show up as a volume calculation, it's not that big of an impact to profitability because you can pivot so quickly? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly, Michael. I mean, we're dynamic in that in the market. And if you look at the quarter, volume was down 10.8%, but price was up 7.1%. And I just think that speaks to the strength of the execution, frankly, that strength of the industry, right, in an environment where volume is declining. If you go back a decade or 2, you might see behavior change and pricing be flat or even pricing go negative. And I think people understand the value of the products and services they're delivering. And the ability to flex and scale in that business is quicker than almost any and certainly, our team has done a great job of that. 
Michael Hoffman: And then the other would be -- well, the incineration comment, I concur with. This will remain tight for a while. US Ecology was predominantly an inorganic chemistry play on the disposal side and the incineration world is predominantly organic, so it's less impactful to you anyway. It's not that you don't have any organics, but you're much more of an inorganic play. 
Jon Vander Ark: Historically, that was true, Michael. But as we provide, again, a broader set of products and services, we certainly expanded the offering, right? And we're a significant player in that place, in that space in terms of liquids because we're going to recurring revenue generators and handling 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 products in their facilities. And it can certainly be on the organic and inorganic side. 
Michael Hoffman: Right. Okay. But the disposal -- landfill disposal side is still predominantly in inorganic. So this is the fuel blending and liquids side is getting you into the organics. 
Jon Vander Ark: Correct. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks. 
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, MJ. I would like to thank the entire Republic Services team for their efforts and commitment to driving lasting value for all of our stakeholders. I'd also like to make a special acknowledgment to Michael Hoffman, a senior statesmen on the call. He's been with the industry for decades. And as he's announced, he's starting a new chapter, certainly supporting the industry in a different capacity. But over the last number of decades, he's certainly seen a lot of transformation in the industry and has handled this environment and this community with a lot of excellence and professionalism. So congratulations, Michael, in your next chapter. Have a good evening, everyone, and be safe. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Investor Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter and full year 2023 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are on the call today to discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 27, 2024. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Republic team finished the year strong by executing our strategy designed to profitably grow the business. We outpaced expectations throughout the year and deliver results that exceeded our full year guidance. During 2023, we achieved revenue growth of 11%, including 5% from acquisitions; generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 13%, expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 60 basis points, including margin expansion in the underlying business of 100 basis points; reported adjusted earnings per share of $5.61; and produced $1.99 billion of adjusted free cash flow. We continue to believe that investing in value-creating acquisitions to further expand our business is the best use of our free cash flow. We invested $1.8 billion in acquisitions in 2023, including transactions in both the recycling and waste and Environmental Solutions businesses. As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we returned $900 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The results we are generating are made possible by executing our strategy, supported by our differentiated capabilities. Regarding customer zeal. Our efforts to provide industry-leading service continues to drive sustained customer loyalty and organic growth in the business. Our customer retention rate remained high at over 94% and we continue to see favorable trends in our Net Promoter Score due to the value of our offerings and quality of our service delivery. We delivered outsized organic revenue growth during the fourth quarter with simultaneous increases in price and volume. Core price and related revenue was 8.8% and average yield on related revenue was 7.7%. Organic volume growth on related revenue was 40 basis points. Turning to our digital capabilities. The team continued to advance the implementation of digital tools that improve the experience for both customers and employees. Development of our new asset management system is underway, which is expected to increase maintenance technician productivity and enhanced warranty recovery. We expect to begin utilizing the new system in late 2024. The continued operational enhancements supported by our RISE digital operations platform are expected to drive additional productivity through improved route optimization and safety performance and provide more predictable service delivery to our customers. We anticipate the RISE platform will drive approximately $100 million of total annual earnings contribution, of which approximately $65 million has been realized to date. We continue to implement advanced technology on recycling and waste collection routes. Our platform utilizes cameras to identify overfill containers and contamination and recycling containers. This technology is reducing contamination and driving incremental revenue. Moving on to sustainability. We believe that our sustainability innovation investments in plastic circularity and renewable natural gas are a platform for profitable growth. Development of our polymer centers and Blue Polymers joint venture facilities remain on track. We are finalizing commissioning at our Las Vegas Polymer Center this week. Delivery of plastic flake to our offtake partners is expected in the coming weeks. Construction is progressing on our Indianapolis Power Center. This development will be co-located with Blue Polymers production facility and construction at the site is expected to be completed in late 2024. The renewable gas projects being co-developed with our partners continue to advance. Five projects came online in 2023, and we expect at least eight additional projects to be completed in 2024. We continue to advance our efforts to support decarbonization, including our industry-leading commitment to fleet electrification. We currently have 11 electric collection vehicles in operation. We expect more than 50 additional EVs will be added to our recycling and waste collection fleet in 2024. We have six facilities with commercial EV charging infrastructure, with more than 40 additional sites in various stages of development. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continue to strive to be a workplace with the best people from all background who want to work. In 2023, employee engagement improved a score of 86 with 90% -- 99% of employees participating in the survey. Turnover rates continue to turn lower with full year turnover improving 400 basis points compared to the prior year. As a result, we are better staffed to optimize our operations and capitalize on growth opportunities in the market Our comprehensive sustainability performance continues to be widely recognized as Republic Services was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the eighth consecutive year. Our 2023 results clearly demonstrate our ability to create sustainable value and our ongoing investments to strengthen the foundation from which we will continue to grow our business. With respect to 2024, we expect to deliver outsized profitable growth while continuing to make investments in the business to drive lasting value creation. More specifically, we expect full year revenue in a range of $16.1 billion to $16.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range of $4.825 billion to $4.875 billion. We expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share in the range of $5.94 to $6, generate adjusted free cash flow in a range of $2.1 billion to $2.15 billion. Our pipeline supports continued acquisition activity in both recycling and waste and environmental solutions. We are targeting at least $500 million of investment in value-creating acquisitions in 2024. Our 2024 financial guidance includes the rollover contribution from acquisitions that closed in 2023. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter and year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 7.2% in the fourth quarter. Core price on related revenue was 8.8%, which included open market pricing of 10.6% and restricted pricing of 6%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 12.3%, large container of 8.6% and residential of 8.2%. Average yield on total revenue was 6.3% and average yield on related revenue was 7.7%. In 2024, we expect average yield on total revenue in a range of 5.5% to 6%. We expect average yield on related revenue in a range of 6.5% to 7%. Yield is expected to step down sequentially during 2024 due to relatively lower index-based pricing and certain fees implemented throughout 2023, which begin to anniversary. Fourth quarter volume on total revenue increased 30 basis points and volume on related revenue increased 40 basis points. The components of volume on related revenue included an increase in small container of 20 basis points and an increase in landfill of 7.4%. Landfill was primarily driven by a 12.7% increase in special waste revenue. Volume growth was partially offset by a decrease in large container of 1.4% and a decrease in landfill C&D volume of 2.1%, primarily due to a slowdown in construction-related activity. In 2024, we expect organic volume growth in a range of flat to positive 50 basis points. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $131 per ton during the fourth quarter. This compared to $88 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 50 basis points during the quarter. 2023 full year commodity prices were $117 per ton. This compared to $170 per ton in the prior year. Current commodity prices are approximately $135 per ton, which is the baseline used in our 2024 guidance. Now turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Fourth quarter Environmental Solutions revenue was flat compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the Environmental Solutions business was 19.7%, an increase of 250 basis points compared to the prior year. Fourth quarter total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 260 basis points to 29.9%, which was driven by margin expansion in the underlying business of 230 basis points. Other changes in margin performance during the quarter included a 30 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices and a 20 basis point increase from net fuel, which was partially offset by a 20 basis point decrease from acquisitions. Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 29.7%, which represents margin expansion of 60 basis points, compared to the prior year. In 2024, we expect total company adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 30%. We expect to more than overcome a 30 basis point headwind from acquisitions. Depreciation, amortization and accretion, was 10.7% of revenue in 2023 and is expected to be approximately 11% of revenue in 2024. Full year 2023 adjusted free cash flow was $1.99 billion, an increase of 14%, compared to the prior year. This was driven by EBITDA growth in the business and the positive contribution from changes in working capital. Total debt at the end of the year was $13 billion and total liquidity was $2.7 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 2.9 times. We expect net interest expense of approximately $545 million in 2024. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments in renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25.1% during the fourth quarter and 24.8% for the full year. We expect an equivalent tax impact of approximately 26% in 2024, made-up of an adjusted tax rate of 20% and approximately $190 million of non-cash charges from equity investments in renewable energy. The expected increase in interest expense and taxes would result in a $0.20 EPS headwind in 2024. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you so much. I wanted to ask about margins. In the fourth quarter, I know you mentioned a couple of factors, the commodities and fuel costs. But maybe just talk about how margins were so far ahead of the guide and what factors could continue into 2024, that could provide upside to the guidance there? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes. Team had a really strong fourth quarter. Lots of things went in our favor, managed the middle of the P&L well. There were some one-time opportunities both on MSW and a very strong special waste fourth quarter. On that, that we felt good with, weather was actually very positive in the fourth quarter, which has slipped here in the first quarter of the year. So I feel great about that. And then, we've got a lot of momentum headed into 2023. Some of the event-based work, you can't build a budget against that, right? You've got to look at that as a potential upside, which we're going to go after those opportunities. But oftentimes, an election year, some of those jobs end up pushing and rolling forward. So we're not going to build a plan based on that outsized performance that we got in Q4, but still looking at a very positive year in 2024.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And Toni, we had mentioned all year long that we expected margin expansion to sequentially improve quarter-on-quarter, ending the year with the highest level of margin expansion compared to the prior year. So, that played out exactly as we thought. Now, the margin expansion itself was a little bit stronger than we originally anticipated. But ending the year with that type of performance and the type of margin expansion in the - over 200 basis points was in line with the way we thought it would end.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Wanted to ask about environmental services. Maybe just talk about what you're seeing in the different pieces there. And I think there's a little bit flattish in the quarter. So, does that turn around next year? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Most of the flatness is based on the comp. We had a really, really strong Q4 and 2022 that we were covering. Look, there is some slowdown in parts of that business, so rig counts are down, and that part of the opportunity in there. We've had a facility that we shut down to turnaround that we're going to reopen here in the middle of the year. So, that will provide some incremental lift, and that was closed in the fourth quarter. And then we continue to -- we'll trade price over volume where we need to. So, we've turned out some less profitable customers on that and feel really good about the book and the pipeline going forward.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hey, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong end of the year there. Maybe just on the 2024 guidance, the implied kind of 30, 40 basis points of margin expansion, reported market expansion you're guiding to. Is there a way to think about how that splits between solid waste and ES? Is it pretty balanced between the two? Or would you expect 1 to maybe outperform the other end as you look at into 2024 here?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Look, overall, I would sit there and say that we expect margin expansion in both of the business types. We're expecting just as -- when you take a look in basis points, a little bit more on the ES side, the Environmental Solutions side, but it is still relatively balanced between the two. Just given the sheer size of the recycling and waste business relative to the Environmental Solutions business, it will drive a majority of the overall expansion when you think about the enterprise taken as a whole.
Kevin Chiang: That's helpful. And maybe just my follow-up question. Just looking at the - your yield volume table that you provided in your disclosure. Just I noticed the strong yield in residential volumes, maybe a little bit worse than recent terms. Just wondering if you could provide some color in terms of what's happening there? And if you're -- as you mentioned earlier, are you maybe being more purposeful in shedding maybe lower quality volume to the benefit of good yield in the fourth quarter?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, we're always purposeful in trading our price versus volume. I'd say in this quarter, there was a couple of contracts that went out to bid that we did -- a rate that we thought was going to cover our costs and give us a fair return. We lost those opportunities. And then in previous quarters, we've had some nice wins, right? And these things come in fits and spurts. So, we didn't have anything in that quarter. That's really the combination of those two things drives the volume picture. On the pricing side, this is the manifestation of high CPI and the alternative indices over the last couple of years really flowing through our pricing, which is great to see. That's challenged part of the yield story historically and to see that number we were really pleased with.
Kevin Chiang: Excellent. I'll leave it there. Again, congrats on a good sets of results there.
Jon Vander Ark: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Burgmeier with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Maybe just following up on Tony's question. I think margins typically expect kind of quarter-over-quarter from 4Q to 1Q. I imagine that will be a little bit more flattish this year. Just if you can identify maybe some of the factors weighing 1Q margins or more broadly like why historical seasonality might not apply?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Bryan, what I would say is that when you talk about historical seasonality, I think you have to go back before just the last several years kind of post-pandemic. I think you have to look at a broader data set there. So -- when we came into this year, we said this year, we thought it was going to have what we would call a normal level of seasonality. And when you take a look at what that means, that would -- typically, when you look at margin performance, you would have peak margin performance in Q2 and Q3 during the summer months where you're getting some more of those seasonal volumes, in particular, on the landfill side followed by Q4. And then finally, the first quarter would seasonally be your lowest margin performance, and that's what we've seen for decades. And so we said that at the beginning of the year, that's kind of what played out. And that's what I would say we would also expect going into 2024 based on what we see right now. So, we would expect a sequential step down in margin from Q4 to Q1, in part, you've got more winter months when you're dealing with the first quarter as well as when you just think about some of the taxes, you have your highest burden from a labor perspective in the first quarter, and those tend to max out and as you move through the balance of the year, again, some of more of those state and local taxes, then those basically reach their max in the first quarter.
Jon Vander Ark: And we had weather, right? We had mild weather in Q4 of last year. We had pretty intense weather in January, where we've lost some certainly some haulage and some tons. Some of that will come back, but some of that will get pushed out through the remainder of the year. So that's what will lead to Q4 number that probably looks -- our Q1 number, that product is more flat than historically might have.
Bryan Burgmeier: Got it. Got it. Thanks for all that detail. And then just following up on M&A, with the deals you completed in 4Q, did you provide a rough split for how that is divided up between the two segments? And did you provide a rollover contribution to 2024 revenue in guidance? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Roll over contribution will be about 200 basis points from deals closed in 2023 that will have a rollover impact into 2024. Just on the split from a revenue active, it was about $200 million on the environmental solutions of the annualized revenue acquired in the fourth quarter, and about $140 million on the recycling waste side.
Bryan Burgmeier: Got it. Thanks a lot. I'll turn it over.
Operator: The next question is from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead,
Walter Spracklin: Yes. Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everyone. So I wanted to follow-up on M&A here. A big year for you in terms of deals done, I think, $1.86 billion they're acquired. And I was wondering if you could give us an update on, first of all, what the pipeline looks like going forward, particularly relative to such a large year this past year. And then second is in terms of integration, will you be focusing a bit more given how big the year was in 2023 on integration and perhaps put a little bit on -- touch a little bit on how that integration is going? Or do you see room and capacity to continue at a fairly heavy space pace here in terms of M&A for 2024.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, we look at two things. Obviously, the strategic fit and the financial return on any type of deal, and we're going to stay disciplined on both of those things. Are we the natural owner? And does it meet our expectation in terms of cash and cash returns. And then we do think about our ability to absorb it unless we have a lot of capacity across the enterprise. We wouldn't necessarily do a couple of big deals in the in the same part of the country at the same time because the local team does play a pretty strong role in that day-to-day integration activity.  Last year was the product of our normal tuck-ins, which we've done forever, and those are very value creating. It's hard to do those deals poorly because we've done it for so long. And then some nice kind of medium-sized deals. we build a plan, right, anticipated what those medium-sized dealers are going to be there, not that we're not pursuing it, but you just don't know when they're going to move or when they're going to come. So, that's predicated on step down in our expectation this year for what weve done. It's not because the pipeline is weaker -- pipeline is strong, but we never know exactly what we're going to close, and we're going to stay disciplined. 
Walter Spracklin: Got it. That's great color. And just for my follow-up, turning to recycling. I know your Las Vegas Polymer Center opened in December. Can you talk a bit about the build-out on the polymer center -- and I don't know if you've had enough time now to assess, but do you see this as a better investment than kind of -- or not better, but how do you -- how does that compare to EPR projects in terms of the return profile of that one?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're very satisfied with both the execution and the return. We're pretty conservative in terms of our financial modeling leaving ourselves room and we feel very good about the demand in the marketplace, we could have sold out Las Vegas five times over upfront. And the pricing expectations are ahead of what we modeled. So the returns are going to come in, again, ahead of our expectations on that front. And that's certainly given us confidence as we talked about in the prepared remarks to go to Indy, and then we're planning on at least two more across the country.
Walter Spracklin: Fantastic. Appreciate the time.
Operator: The next question is from John Mazzoni with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
John Mazzoni: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a quick one on pricing. Could you just remind us how the restricted book will layer through 2024especially with sort of the lag effects in CPI? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, one of the things I mentioned with respect to the cadence from a pricing perspective in my prepared remarks is we do expect a sequential step down in the level of pricing throughout the year, primarily due to the impact that, that index pricing will have. So again, we expect to report the highest level of average yield in Q1 and the lowest level in Q4 with a step down in between. Just to give you a little bit of perspective, when you take a look at the two primary components that may make up our basket that are related to some sort of index, one being headline CPI and then the other being the alternative indices. And when you take a look at headline CPI, right, it saw its peak in June of 2022, and has been stepping down sequentially since. Water, sewer, trash and garbage trash saw peak levels in August of 23 and have been stepping down since then. Now, that said, the water sewer trash and garbage trash still remain at elevated levels, water sewer trash the recent print was 5.5% and garbage trash was 6.4%. So we're still pretty pleased about the level, but it is going to sit there and step down just due to the math.
John Mazzoni: Great. Thank you. And maybe for a quick follow-up. Could you just talk to the strength in small container, especially with the 11.2% yield? It seems like that's kind of update the average? And any other thing you're seeing within that kind of end market and any other commentary around anything different that you've done compared to peers? Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes, we rolled out some new technology around AI, which helps us spot contamination and also helps us assess overages when the containers are overfilled. And that certainly contributed to the small container performance. Again, underlying pricing was great, but that put it on top. And that's why we talked about our 2024 number. We expect to anniversary that in the second half of the year, so that will come down a bit.
John Mazzoni: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, guys. I've always challenged for that full cycle, people, whatever. So free cash flow and the guide is at about 7% in the midpoint versus the top line at 7.9% and EBITDA is at $9.1 million. I'm presuming we've got higher interest expense and probably higher cash taxes because you're not counting on bonus depreciation being retroactively reverted back to 100%. Is that how I think about the bridge between the growth rates through the P&L?
Brian DelGhiaccio: That's correct, Michael. If you just take taxes alone, when you take a look at two components. So one, we are assuming that the current loss stays in place, which means bonus depreciation we'll sit there and have a further headwind 2024 compared to 2023. Combined with the settlement we had with the IRS in 2023, where we received $20 million of cash back to a matter that dates back to 2017. Combined, those two create a $45 million headwind in cash taxes, that alone is a 2.3% headwind to year-over-year growth on free cash flow. So you just take taxes alone and you'd sit there and say you'd be kind of 9.5% growth in free cash flow or not for the impact of taxes. Interest, to your point, would just is going to be a further.
Michael Hoffman: All right. And that was what I was trying to get at. Is the underlying cash growth is there and you've got some timing issues related to What we just discussed? Okay. On margin
Brian DelGhiaccio: And Michael, to that point, from an underlying business perspective, the growth in free cash flow is double digit.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Okay. That's, I think, important. And then on margins, I think there's another sort of message to potentially to be drawn out. So your pattern in your solid waste business, given the shield scale of managing price costs as you're being pretty ratably able to deliver all 30 basis points. So, if the whole company is doing 30 and you've got an M&A headwind and act environmental comes in is a nice add in ES, but it's probably pretty dilutive. So how do we think about that EES to dilution? It's much better structurally ex that dilution is what I think, which--
Brian DelGhiaccio: Just to give you a perspective, if you look across, right, both business types, we're expecting 30 basis points of dilution from acquisitions. And we would expect dilution from an acquisition perspective in both recycling and waste and Environmental Solutions. If you're looking at the underlying business itself within ES, we're expecting over 100 basis points of margin expansion in the Environmental Solutions business due to the underlying business itself.
Michael Hoffman: Right. And about 30 in solid waste and then a net in the total company dilution, but it's greater in ES than it is in solid waste. It's just one size of the deal relative to the base?
Brian DelGhiaccio: That's correct.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Okay. I think that's important to draw that, you're still on that track of 25% or better margins at ES, ex acquisitions and the acquisitions will then contribute to that as you integrate them?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Okay. Cool. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks Jon. Can you talk to us about this new asset management system that you're putting in place? What are you functionally doing? And where does that ultimately show up in the P&L? Is it maintenance and repairs? What kind of savings are we talking about with the system?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. It's really the RISE platform. Think about digitizing our operations from our logistic operation all the way through our fleet and how our drivers operate every day. But this brings this to the maintenance shop. And so, now rather than moving paper around, right, when the driver does their vehicle condition report before they take off in the morning that digitally flows and is recorded into the maintenance organization. So they're dealing with tablets as well. So they're getting out of the paper-based business. And a big driver of that is the productivity benefit to that for sure, but then there's also the warranty recovery element of that. Because when you're chasing paper that becomes a very manual process, when you could do this digitally, it allows you to quickly understand but warranty is available? Are you fully claiming all the parts that are warranty eligible and allowing us to get full recovery?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. When you think about the linkage, so a couple of years ago, we started on our journey of modernizing our core systems, and that started with our general ledger and procurement systems. This is an extension of that. So the asset management system will be directly linked and integrated on a common platform with our procurement system. So, now you can sit there and say, from the point of PO all the way to putting something on a truck, you can sit there and you can track that part. So to Jon's point on warranty management, this is something before we had to do very manually, which means that we had a lot of leakage in the system. Now, we feel very confident that we're going to get every single portion of that warranty that we're entitled to.
Noah Kaye: Very nice. Just a quick housekeeping one. You've already detailed the expectations for yield through 2024. But just your comments around weather, tough volume comps for 1Q and you just mentioned the weather flipped to be a little bit of a drag here to start we all felt that cold. So how do we think about kind of the volume trends Q-to-date and how that trends through the year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Look, I mean, the good news, right, is that while January, we did experience quite a bit of weather, we have seen most of that volume return, not a total recovery, but we saw what we would expected in February so far to-date. We're guiding to flat to 50 basis point positive Q1, may be kind of the low point of that because of the weather. But I would think of it relatively ratable that type of cadence throughout the year.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And in an environment where your yield is decelerating year-over-year at a pretty, pretty shallow step down, you can get the market expansion that we're looking for without a lot of volume contribution. So, you let the value of the upside to where margins came from? So, the basic take way.
Jon Vander Ark: Correct.
Noah Kaye: All right. Thanks very much. I will hand over. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Hi, Stephanie.
Stephanie Moore: Hey, there. I wanted to touch a bit on maybe the underlying macro environment, probably a decent follow-up to the prior question. You called out some weakness in the quarter on landfill C&D volumes. I don't think any of us would be really surprised to hear that. But maybe any other areas you might be seeing weakness or other levels of strength of the opposite? And then what is the kind of the underlying macro assumption embedded in the 2024 guidance? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think the picture is mixed. So again, we're planning on having a strong year. If you think about the direct things, we talked about weather, certainly housing, interest rates being high, mortgage rates being high, housing activity is certainly a byproduct or depressed housing activity as a byproduct to that. So, we would have hoped for a quicker recovery there, both for our business and because we need more homes in the United States, but we think that will be more delayed towards the later end of the year. So we're not planning a robust recovery on that front. And then if you think about the other macros, the manufacturing, I think, is a mixed picture. We see pockets where while we're winning business, there's some service declines in certain subsectors of manufacturing, but other places in terms of remediation projects and other things have been very, very strong. PFAS is a nice contributor to the business in 2023, and we've got a good pipeline in 2024. And then the macro have two wars going on, right, one in Israel, one in the doorstep of Europe. Credit card debt is high with consumers. So we have a cautious kind of macro perspective on that but the underlying demand signals for our business are largely positive.
Stephanie Moore: Great. No, that's helpful. And then you touched on this a little bit, but if you could kind of walk through kind of what you've seen from the cost inflation standpoint, clearly getting better, but some of those clear headwinds that we saw through most of 2023, kind of how those are trending now to start 2024? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly stepping down operating labor, clearly stepping down year-over-year. Transportation is stepping down. Maintenance has been a little bit stickier and most of that is the fact that we're growing and we're driving a fleet that's aging just because the supply chain is still a little congested and we're not getting all the trucks that we wanted. And it's really been a three-year phenomenon in that front. So, we're going to catch up some in this year, but we're not going to fully catch up on that. And all that is when you're driving a 12, 13-year-old truck, right, with a kind of a peak cycle in terms of its maintenance versus a new truck that has relatively high warranty recovery, and so therefore, very low maintenance cost, that's going to show up in the underlying maintenance bucket. So that spend will be, we think, elevated throughout the year. We hope we do a little better, but we'll speak.
Stephanie Moore: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I would just love to continue the conversation on the cost side. I mean, really impressive in the quarter, your cost per unit were up just 1% year-over-year. So, I'm wondering where are you starting to see deflation. It sounds like the tailwind from better equipment availability still in front of us. So I'm wondering what's gotten better for you folks already in the fourth quarter numbers? And then Brian, I'm wondering if you just put a finer point on the comments that you made about yield slowing over the course of the year on comps. Do you expect to exit the year with price cost spread still favorable fourth quarter versus fourth quarter? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Yes, Jerry, so Jon mentioned one of them already is our labor has continued to improve, right, really throughout the year. In part, that's just due to a reduction in turnover, right, that we've seen. And so again, when you just take a look at the impact that turnover has, there's a hiring cost of bringing someone else, well, which is a productivity impact. A newer driver just tends not to be as productive as those that have some tenure. And so we're starting to see as the turnover rates have come down. We're seeing that kind of come through that labor line item, which has had a positive impact. So I would say that's where we've seen some of the biggest improvements. Together, we mentioned throughout the year, some of the impact that transportation cost it had, these were things where we had multiyear agreements. They came up for renewal in the second half of 2022. And we said that we took some pretty big price increases and that they were going to comp out in the second half of 2023. And we've certainly seen that. So I would say those are some of the tailwinds we've seen it from a cost perspective. The maintenance has stayed relatively sticky in kind of that 7% to 8% type cost increase range year-over-year. To your question just on the price/cost spread, I would say the say we expect the biggest or the most positive impact between that in the first quarter. We expect that to modulate throughout the year, but still price exceeding cost by the time we exit 2024.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Super. And then nice progress on a $100 million efficiency program, how much progress did you make in 2023 specifically and the remaining $35 million of productivity improvement -- when do you expect -- how much of an improvement do you expect in 2024 relative to that remaining $35 million?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Approximately about $10 million or the main $35 million.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tobey Sommer with Truist. Please go ahead.
Jack Wilson: Yes. Good evening. This is Jack Wilson on for Tobey. Can we double click on sort of the state of the fleet and specifically fleet electrification in the long-term and sort of where you see that going?
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that -- we right now, we'll have a $50 million to that this year. We'll be at several hundred next year and climbing our path, that's going to start in residential, and then it will move into small container overtime. And we've got a really thoughtful strategy in terms of how we roll that out. I mentioned the infrastructure side of that as well it's not just a truck, right? It's a system. So you need to understand the infrastructure. You need to understand the incentives. You need to understand the customer or willingness to pay for the vehicle. And if we feel the trucks that we've had delivered out of our partnership with OshKosh, those trucks are working very, very well. So we're excited to see the next 50 come into the fleet.
Jack Wilson: Okay. Thank you for that color there. And then just as a follow-up, can we sort of dig into the moving parts of volume? Are there any sort of specific geographies or market segments that are especially volatile or changing?
Jon Vander Ark: No, I mentioned the housing piece, large-container temp. That's been certainly soft, as we're not putting up as many new houses as we need and even for Movement, People are kind of keeping their existing mortgage rates and are reluctant to move. And oftentimes, we see move we see remodeling activity or other ancillary opportunities and large container temp, and that's been muted. We don't think that will last forever here, but we're planning on a relatively benign year this year, looking to 2025 to see that accelerate.
Jack Wilson: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli Funds. Please go ahead.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks for the question. Nice job on the quarter. Just some more color maybe you mentioned PFAS remediation. Could you just maybe talk about what is going on currently at your landfills or whatever you're doing regarding PFAS and what could that maybe just a general idea what could that business look like opportunity-wise going forward?.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We think we've got a very compelling offering for customers in an end-to-end solution. So we can hand all the way from the assessment to the frontline remediation doing our field service work and then a range of disposal options on the back end, whether that's into hazardous landfill, whether that's in deep well, some of that waste can be profiled and then put into a solid waste landfill as well, and you're seeing some of that flow through our special ways. So that's measured in the tens of millions. If you look at last year -- this year, it will be the high end of tens of millions or potentially tipping into a nine-digit number in terms of revenue. So this is a real growth opportunity for us. And this is all mostly people self-selecting in advance of the EPA regulations coming down as well as some of the Department of Defense work that's been accelerated on that front. So we feel like our national footprint positions us well to -- in our strategic accounts organization positions us very well to serve customers on this issue.
Tony Bancroft: That's great. And then maybe switching to trucks. You talked about what's going on with EVs and the amount of deliveries coming, which sounds great. Any issues with maybe on traditional trucks and EVs on supply chain, getting those deliveries? And then just to piggyback on that one. It surprises you see any surprises in EV performance. You hear read a lot of things about how it's performing. Obviously, you're pretty well situated just based on the routing system. But just some real-time color on how those -- I guess there's only a few right now, but that's going to be growing, and I'm sure you've done a lot of testing.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. The supply chain is -- again, we're probably getting about 80% of the trucks we want over the last couple of years. And that includes the rollover from the previous year, right? So we're not continuing to fall way behind, but we haven't fully caught up yet either. But keep in mind, we've grown a lot. We're coming off our third straight year of double-digit revenue growth on that. So as we grow and do these acquisitions, that creates more demand and need for new trucks. So we see that slightly improving. I think we'll get -- we'll sort and that we'll shrink that gap as we exit 2024. I don't expect that we'll close that gap until 2025 on that front And then the EV specifically, the McNeilus truck is the first purpose-built refuse truck ever and it's electrified. And that truck is driving a full route. Most of the other EVs that we've piloted that you spend the first 60 days with a lot of software issues that you're working through, we've been really, really surprised by the performance level and the uptime of this vehicle. Working through some bugs. We're still in a test and learn environment but really promising in terms of what this is going to be able to do to operate at scale with EV.
Tony Bancroft: Thank you so much. Great job.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jon Vander Ark for any closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Debbie. I would like to recognize and thank our more than 40,000 employees for their great work and commitment to serving our customers. Their efforts enabled our strong 2023 results and the continued growth of our company. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services' Third Quarter 2023 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Aaron Evans: Thank you. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' third quarter 2023 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, for joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcaster reporting in this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 26th, 2023. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Aaron. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Our strong third quarter results reflect our focus on profitably growing the business. We produced revenue growth both organically and through acquisitions, while generating healthy margin expansion across our business. During the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 6%, including 2% from acquisitions, generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 9% and expanded EBITDA margin by 70 basis points, report adjusted earnings per share of $1.54 and produced $1.8 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis. We continue to effectively allocate capital by investing in acquisitions to create long-term value. Year-to-date, we have invested $947 million in acquisitions. All transactions were in the recycling and waste space. The M&A environment remains active with opportunities in both the recycling and waste and Environmental Solutions businesses. We remain confident that we will exceed $1 billion of investment for the year. Year-to-date, we returned $671 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This includes $201 million of share repurchases completed during the third quarter as our leverage ratio returned to target levels. We continue to make progress, demonstrating the value of our complete set of products and offerings to customers while increasing the profitability of our Environmental Solutions business. Pricing realization in the Environmental Solutions business remains strong, and we continue to drive organic growth through cross-selling. EBITDA margin in the Environmental Solutions business improved sequentially to 22.7% in the third quarter and expanded 390 basis points over the prior year. The results we are delivering are made possible by executing our strategy in support of our differentiated capabilities. Regarding customer zeal, our efforts to deliver industry-leading service continues to drive sustained customer loyalty and organic growth in the business. Our customer retention rate remained over 94% and we continue to see favorable trends in our Net Promoter Score, supported by our valuable service offerings and quality service delivery. Organic revenue growth remained strong during the quarter, with simultaneous increases in both price and volume. Core price and related revenue was 8.6% and average yield on related revenue was 7.2%, and organic volume growth and related revenue was 10 basis points. Turning to our digital capabilities. The team continues to advance the implementation of digital tools that improve the experience for both customers and employees. The next phase of our digital operations is expected to drive additional productivity savings through route optimization, further improved safety performance, and provide more predictable service delivery to our customers. For example, we now have the ability to provide real-time customer notifications regarding expected service time on a given day. We are in the early stages of deploying advanced contamination over time and drive incremental revenue. Moving on to sustainability. We believe that our sustainability innovation investments in areas such as plastic circularity and renewable natural gas or a platform for profitable growth. Development of our polymer centers remains on track. Construction of our Las Vegas Polymer Center is substantially complete, and we expect full scale operations to begin in November. Our Midwest Polymer center will be located in India. This center will be co-located with a Blue Polymers production facility with operations expected to begin in late 2024. The renewable natural gas projects being codeveloped with our partners are continuing to advance. I projects were online by the end of the third quarter, and we expect eight additional projects to be completed in 2024. We are making progress in our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including our industry-leading commitment to fleet electrification. We expect to have 12 electric vehicles in operation by year-end and more than 60 EVs to be added to our recycling and waste collection fleet in 2024. We now have 6 facilities with commercial EV charging infrastructure with more than 40 additional sites in various stages of development. We continue to be recognized as an employer of choice and are proud to be certified as a great place to work for the seventh consecutive year. Our team members remain highly engaged to ensure that we are delivering high-quality essential services that are valued by our customers. I now turn the call over to Brian, who'll provide more details for the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Core price on total revenue was 7%. Core price on related revenue was 8.6% and which included open market pricing of 10.4% and restricted pricing of 5.7%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 12% and large container of 8.6% and residential of 8%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.8% and average yield on related revenue was 7.2%. We continue to price new and existing business ahead of cost inflation to drive margin expansion in the underlying business. Volume on total revenue and related revenue increased 10 basis points. The component of volume on related revenue included an increase in small container of 50 basis points and an increase in landfill of 3.5%. Landfill was primarily driven by an 8.2% increase in special waste revenue. Volume growth was partially offset by a decrease in large container of 1.7% and a decrease in landfill C&D volumes of 6.2%, primarily due to a slowdown in construction-related activity. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $112 per ton during the quarter. This compares to $162 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales decreased revenue by 20 basis points during the quarter. We continue to see a steady recovery in fiber markets and plastics pricing has improved from recent lows. Our current average commodity price is approximately $120 per ton. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Third quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $8 million over the prior year. On a same-store basis, Environmental Solutions contributed 40 basis points to internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the Environmental Solutions business was 22.7% and an increase of 390 basis points compared to the prior year. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 70 basis points to 29.9%. Margin performance during the quarter included margin expansion in the underlying business of 100 basis points and a 30 basis point increase from one less workday. This was partially offset by a 20 basis point decrease from acquisitions, a 20 basis point decrease from recycled commodity prices and a 20 basis point decrease from net fuel. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.8 billion. Similar to prior years, we expect to spend a disproportionate amount of our full year capital expenditures and cash taxes during the fourth quarter. Year-to-date net capital expenditures of $935 million represents 56% of our projected full year spend and year-to-date adjusted cash taxes of $152 million represents approximately 60% of our projected full year spend. Total debt was $12 billion, and total liquidity was $2.3 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.9 times. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and effects from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 21.4% during the third quarter. The relatively lower tax rate included a $20 million favorable tax settlement from previous tax years, which added $0.06 of EPS during the quarter. We now expect an equivalent tax impact of approximately 24.5% for the full year. As noted in our earnings press release, we upwardly revised our full year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.46 to $5.49 primarily as a result of the lower tax rate. We remain comfortable achieving the other components of full year financial guidance that we provided in July. I will now turn the call back to Jon. Actually, we're going to open it up for Q&A.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, let me do one more section, please. We are proud of the results we delivered during the third quarter. Healthy contribution from our pricing strategy more than offset recycled commodity headwinds and cost inflation, which continues to moderate. Looking forward to 2024, we expect continued outsized growth in the recycling and waste and Environmental Solutions businesses, supported by pricing ahead of underlying costs, cross-selling our complete set of products and services and capitalizing on value-creating acquisition opportunities. We also expect financial contribution from the investments made in sustainability innovation, including plastic circularity and renewable natural gas projects. The fundamentals of our business remain strong and supportive of continued growth in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow along with margin expansion. We plan to provide detailed guidance on our earnings call in February. Now with that, operator, I would like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much. Not looking for guidance in 2024, but just maybe, if you could just provide some initial thoughts on pricing, maybe on the separated into open market and restricted, how those should hold up? Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. We're not providing guidance today, obviously, on 2024, but we expect  the outlook is positive. So I think about high to mid- to high single-digit revenue growth, and we'll grow free cash flow and EBITDA margin faster than that, and that gets to your pricing question, we just -- pricing will come down nominally as inflation comes down, but we'll still be pricing ahead of our cost inflation, which should lead to that formula where we're going to grow the bottom line a little faster than the top line.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then just thinking about some of the expense drivers. We've heard from peers and from you as well in prior quarters that the equipment availability has been a little bit better, that retention has been improving. Is there any way to size some of those benefits? Just trying to think about those on a go-forward basis. Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: We're certainly  we talked about cost inflation modulating in the second half, and we're certainly seeing that. So you can see that in some of the cost categories, labor, maintenance, certainly a bright spot. The supply chain there, maybe getting incrementally better, but still, we're not going to get all the trucks we want this year. But I think if you see the improvement in the maintenance, that really speaks to the underlying cost of parts inflation has certainly improved versus the first half. And we expect those costs to continue to modulate into next year as well.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Burgmeier with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Jon, Brian, apologies if I missed this, but when I look at the EBITDA and free cash flow bridge is provided in the press release, it seems like net income kind of steps up consistent with the tax rate changes we've talked about. But it maybe doesn't flow through to cash. Just wondering what I might be missing? Is it maybe a change to an adjusted number on how your cash taxes, is there changes to working capital? Any detail you could provide would be great.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Look, as you mentioned, we raised the full year EPS guidance predominantly due to the relatively lower tax rate. There is a cash component to that as well. That is somewhat offset by relatively higher interest rates than we normally thought, which is flowing through to cash interest, and that's why your adjusted free cash flow remains relatively consistent with what we previously provided.
Bryan Burgmeier: Got it. Thanks for that detail And last question for me. I'm just wondering if you can maybe try to characterize the M&A market within Environmental Solutions. You've obviously been very busy with acquisitions, but we haven't seen any deals and yes yet. I'm just wondering if M&A is a little bit slower than you developed or if everything is moving along and maybe it just comes down to timing? Thanks gentlemen.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, it really comes down to timing. The pipeline is strong, lots of opportunities, lots of conversations. And we remain incredibly disciplined in terms of our financial strategic lens and our financial lens on that, but we feel certainly optimistic through the remainder of the year and into the first half of next year that there's a number of attractive opportunities in that space.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: So Brian, I think restricted pricing actually accelerated again to 5 7 here in Q3. Do you think that this is going to prove the high watermark, or do you think we get maybe one more quarter of acceleration? And then we kind of hit that second derivative?
Jon Vander Ark: I think we're near it, quite honestly, Tyler here. Again, we talked about the relationship between CPI-based pricing starting to step down, but water sewer trash and garbage trash stepping up. And right now, I think they're somewhat offsetting each other. We think that to the question earlier about as you look forward, we do think that the restricted base pricing does step down sequentially 2024 from 2023, but again, it still stays above that longer-term average.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. That's helpful. And then -- so Jon, I think last quarter, there was some talk about kind of hitting a ceiling in certain places in ES with some of the pricing actions. It said that you were -- you kind of said that you were moving forward on that front. But just curious if you can give us an update there. Is pricing good in ES? Are you starting to see some churn. And just are you seeing any impacts from the economy in that business specifically?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No, pricing remains strong. We certainly remain committed on that. There's sort of that's a customer churn on that portfolio. Some of that's permanent work, some of that is event work, and we're trading off some low-margin work, and we're adding to that very attractive cross-sell work. And so lots of really attractive growth opportunities in that space, but we're never going to do work for free, and we're always going to start out with price on that. So in the macro environment in manufacturing and ES broadly is a bit mixed. So the upstream oil and gas has been slower. Hopefully, a couple of big deals announced here that, that will ignite some increased activity there in Q4 and into next year. Automotive, obviously, has been a little bit challenged here with the labor activity. But then other parts of the petrochemical complex have been very, very strong. And overall, we're happy with the results and still feel very positive going into 2024 in terms of the demand environment.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. And just my last one here, a couple of housekeeping items. But based on what we know today, what is the expected M&A rollover benefit next year? And then based on what we know today with the RNG and the polymers, what is the incremental benefit to 2024 EBITDA from those?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So first on the rollover, based on transactions that have closed to date, that'd be about 50 basis points of rollover into 2024. And then just on polymer centers and the renewable natural gas, you can think of polymer centers kind of the $12 million or so incremental contribution next year from an EBITDA perspective. and things circa $15 million to $20 million on the RNG portfolio. That EBITDA.
Tyler Brown: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. So if the prints are right, then the economy grew 4.9% real GDP annualized for the third quarter, and it's really the consumer leading that. Can you talk about your view of the broader macro right now? And specifically, and I know you're not guiding for 2024, what kind of a volume environment we are in, on an underlying basis? Are we still in a positive volume growth environment from your view?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, there's tons of uncertainty in the economy. You can look back 18 months. And then even if you look forward, do you think about 2 wars going on and lots of different dynamics, election coming up next year. The underlying -- but I think we're closer to a soft landing than we certainly were a quarter ago. if you look at the outlook, and we're planning on a positive year next year, and you heard that in our numbers and forecasts with a lot of humility baked into that in terms of things could change as uncertainty and we'll adjust according to that. . The recycling and solid waste business, the underlying volume growth in that business is kind of 50 to 100 bps. We're on the lower end of that with where construction is at. That's certainly been a soft spot. And we saw that with residential and commercial starts even last year and then earlier into this year is -- slowing down. And we're hoping that starts to anniversary and rebound. -- here. So I'd say positive environment. We're not firing on every cylinder, but we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to grow out of this thing coming into next year.
Noah Kaye: Very helpful. Given the progress that you and the industry have made in reducing some of the volatility around recycling commodities and the impact of the business. Just Curious to know how to think about whether as it relates to the polymer center or any of the vertical integration efforts you have, what the level of exposure is to commodities in that business? . In other words, is this largely a processing and fee-based model for you? And is there any increased sensitivity to be expected from that?
Jon Vander Ark: No. The model is constructed. We're really making money on the spread and so that's one thing that we -- when we did this investment, we were very sensitive to that we're not adding to the volatility of the overall profile. So could there be spots on the margin, of course. But in general, this isn't something where we're increasing our exposure.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, because you have that underlying commodity risk, as you get the value of the upside tackling you capture that spread, you have the same amount of volatility in dollars with incremental revenue. So as a percentage of volatility actually goes down.
Noah Kaye: Right, right. So it's really an infrastructure and spread play. Okay. That's really helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. On the ES side, US Ecology used to have a decent exposure to the auto industry given its Michigan density. So how are we sort of weathering what's going on with the strikes and that business?
Jon Vander Ark: Reasonably well. There's been some slowdown in activity in certain spots. But as you can kind of read from the headlines, right? It's been walkouts on certain facilities to the point where if it was a mass shutdown, right, we'd have a much deeper impact because it would be all the automotive plants that we serve directly, but then it goes straight into the Tier 1, Tier 2 and even Tier 3 supply base. It's been such a case, I mean, we're a very, very small portion of the overall cost structure. So you're not seeing people going to get down to canceling service or even reducing service intervals outside of a few facilities that have been directly impacted.
Michael Hoffman: And then, dwell on the RNG accounting since you're doing mostly partnerships. Is this going to be an add back into the EBITDA, or how are you going to account for this as we see printed financial statements?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. As we do the reconciliation, Michael, moving from net income to the definition of EBITDA, we will include our pickup in those joint ventures. Remember that, this first round of facilities that are coming online, most of those are going to be predominantly royalty, so you're not going to see a lot of that in 2024. That will start being 2025 and beyond, that you'll really start to see the accounting that includes the pickup in those JVs.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Great. That's what I needed. And just one last, you had a great margin expansion and yet you're reaffirming the guidance. It seems like you're then expecting a lot more seasonality in 4Q given the strength of the margins or we're at least at the very top end of the range. That's sort of where I - ?
Jon Vander Ark: I'd say, we have a positive outlook. Yeah, we're already in Q4, obviously, and we've got a positive outlook for that. But given that there is some seasonality of the business, where you do get some weather to start to impact the business this time of year, given there are some moving pieces in the broader economy, we thought it would be prudent to reaffirm and we'll give you the results here in February, how we finish.
Brian DelGhiaccio: But to that point, Michael, if you remember, even when we began the year, said the cadence of margin expansion was going to actually start negative, which we saw in the first quarter. And sequentially, year-over-year margin expansion was going to improve every quarter throughout the year, and we still expect that. So we still expect to see the most amount of margin expansion in the fourth quarter, ultimately driving margin expansion for the full year.
Michael Hoffman: But margins might be down sequentially just because of seasonality.
Jon Vander Ark: That is correct.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That's what I want to clarify. All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. So acquisitions were 1.7% in the third quarter. You said 50 basis points for 2024. It looks like maybe couple of hundred million rolled off third quarter to fourth quarter last year. So we're looking at, what, maybe 150 basis points in the fourth quarter this year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Remember, when we talked about most of the rollover that we had for full year 2023 was the portion of US Ecology that we completed May of 2022 right? Coming in, which was a majority of the rollover for the full year. As we think about the actual impact within the fourth quarter, we're looking about 180 basis points.
David Manthey: Okay. All right. Thank you for that. And second, on the RNG development. I think around now is when these facilities were scheduled to come online and maybe you could just remind me the financial targets and how those 39 RNG facilities with the BP joint venture are expected to ramp from here?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So let me just talk about the entire portfolio rather than just the subset, right? So again, five have already come online here that are going to start contributing here nominally in the fourth quarter, but really start to contribute in 2024. You can kind of think about the cadence in the $20 million to $25 million per year of incremental EBITDA beginning in 2024 and ultimately hitting run rate $28 million at which point we expect $100 million cumulative of additional EBITDA in the portfolio compared to our current baseline. .
David Manthey: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. I'm wondering if we could just talk about the margin opportunity over the course of 2024, Brian, as you pointed out, margin momentum on a seasonally adjusted basis is accelerating this year. So you're already on track to expand margins by, call it, a full 30, 40 basis points just on a run rate 3Q versus the full year average. And so as we think about the moving pieces in 2024, I guess it's not hard to get to double your normal margin expansion targets, especially given the moves in -- potential moves in OCC. And I'm wondering, anything that we need to keep in mind as we look at those moving pieces and the cadence of margins that you pointed out in an answer to an earlier question?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So Jerry, the one thing I would point out is just remember from the point in time in which we acquired US Ecology and we took several pricing actions, right? And as we sit there and move forward, we're going to get more in the cadence of more of an annual price increase on that portion of the business. So while we still expect margin expansion in the Environmental Solutions business and at a rate north or higher than what we expect in recycling and waste. We would expect that margin expansion to decelerate from what you saw in 2023. So you can look in -- just in the quarter alone, margin was up almost 400 basis points year-over-year. We would not expect that level of contribution going forward.
Jerry Revich: Got it. But the base business, the momentum, it sounds like is accelerating, excluding ES.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, correct. I mean if you take a look just right now, we're kind of in the 30 basis points. We talked long term in that 30 to 50, and you start to get some of the contribution from some of the other sustainability investments that we're making. So it's a little bit of push and pull and net-net, we would expect margin expansion in 2024 over 2023.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Super. And can we talk about capital deployment with the buyback announcement. Can you just update us on how much more runway do you think you have to deploy more capital towards polymers, opportunities to redevelop gas electric plants into gas plants and stock buyback from there? Can you just calibrate us on how to think about the opportunities in each of those areas?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure. Just to give you an idea, if we've talked about, right, several investments, you've got the RNG portfolio, you've got polymer center and you have Blue Polymers, some of which is going to come through capital, some of which is going to be the investment in the JVs just to kind of think it from a cumulative perspective here, maybe I'll walk through each from polymer centers, we see a total investment of around $300 million, okay, for the four centers. right? And that's going to happen, right? It's happened, and we think that's over a four-year time frame of about $70 million a year. Blue Polymers, you can think of that being about $160 million investment. And again, those are going to be JVs. So that will come through as an investment in those joint ventures. And then the investment in the RNG portfolio is all around $375 million, okay? So those are the cumulative investments, but we've been making those investments. So those are somewhat in our run rate. Now -- and we talked about that after the US Ecology acquisition, where leverage elevates to 3.4 times, we were going to focus on deleveraging, getting back to that three times before we resume the share repurchase, got back to 2.9 times. We have since resumed, right, that share repurchase program. And as you just saw in the announcement, right, the Board just authorized another $3 billion program that extends over the next three years beginning in 2024 through the end of 2026.
Jerry Revich : Super. Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Good afternoon.
Stephanie Moore: Hey, guys. I appreciate the color so far in kind of 2024 outlook and just now on kind of the margin opportunity, too. But, maybe could you talk a little bit about your views on inflation in 2024? Not necessarily hard numbers, but kind of buckets of areas where you think some inflationary pressures maybe could linger from 2023, or -- on the other side of that, should abate versus 2023. Just trying to think of those puts and takes would be helpful. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think for most categories, kind of thinking about macro metric like CPPI kind of puts you in the right zone. Maintenance will be elevated off of that, just historically, it's inflated a little faster than that. And we don't expect the supply chain to be fully caught up or reconcile in 2024, which means we're going to be driving some older equipment, and that's going to be at the end of the curve where maintenance cost is higher than it normally would be. So that would be the one, I think, is going to be elevated. Everything else kind of think about that, where you see inflation going? And if that's 4%, 4.5%, whatever that plans, that's kind of where we'll build a budget against that.
Stephanie Moore: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate it. And then I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the commodity basket exposure. Can you talk a little bit about how that basket is trending today? Maybe how that compares to 4Q of last year? I know there's some puts and takes to the various components. So that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, sure. So as we said, our average commodity price for the third quarter was $112 per ton. Right now, we're expecting about $10 in the fourth quarter. That compared in the prior year for the fourth quarter, we were at $88 per ton. So we're expecting a year-over-year increase of about $30 a ton in the fourth quarter.
Stephanie Moore: Guy, I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tobey Sommer with Truist. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thanks. To kind of follow-up on a recent question, but ask it from a different angle. If you think about some of the pressures on margins smaller players that might be potential acquisition targets. How do you anticipate trends in a few buckets impacting their financial performance and maybe desire to sell? And I kind of -- I'm thinking of inflation in terms of their costs, the ongoing requirement and necessity to invest in technology. And then as you just mentioned, I think fleet and supply chain won't fully be normalized. But if you apply those things to sort of the other side of the equation, not your own business, but those that you may look to incorporate in your business, what do you see?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. The pipeline for acquisitions is strong, both in recycling and Waste and Environmental Solutions. This is the cost pressure, which is started to abate for the smaller players is on the labor side. So they're starting to get less pressure there as we've seen turnover come down and labor availability go up. It's still elevated versus historical norm, but it's gotten easier relative to a year ago. The supply chain hasn't and that's certainly becoming constrained. And anybody who was a spot buyer of vehicles is really in a challenged spot certainly through the end of next year and probably in 2025 or 2026, depending on how they -- how fast the supply chain can recover because they're prioritizing all of their base customers who buy a large number and a similar number of trucks every year. So we certainly see that as an advantage. And then digital, I'd say, has just been a building trend over the last five-plus years that I think is going to be with us for at least the next five and probably a much longer period than that, which is that we're making over a series of years, between capital and OpEx hundreds of millions of dollars of investment to our digital footprint to make the experience better for our customers and employees, and that certainly has a scale advantage for us. and also a skill advantage of investing in the resources we want to take those technologies and apply them in a way that make our customers' lives and employees lives better.
Tobey Sommer: And then just as my follow-up. I know it's been in the news, maybe even too much ad nauseam. But GLP-1s in the market, looking for second, third, fourth, all the way to nth derivative impacts. Have you looked at that in have any sort of preliminary view on what that could mean for volumes over what would probably be a very long-term? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: No. We've not done a lot of work on that yet, plenty in front of us right now, obviously, is that continues to be a major trend. We'll think about that. But I'd say we're in the tertiary or beyond in terms of the impact of those.
Tobey Sommer: I appreciate the response. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi, Thanks for taking my question. Just in regards to the M&A pipeline within Environmental Services, I think up here in Canada, there's been the Competition Bureau is trying to prevent the merger to I guess, I'll call them energy waste service companies here. So it looks like there'll be some assets. Just wondering how the pipeline looks up here in Canada. And -- and is energy waste services in an area of growth for you or accelerated growth for you when you look at your opportunities in Canada?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're certainly looking at opportunities in both U.S. and Canada. That probably isn't at the top of the list. We'd be more opportunistic in that side of environmental services.
Kevin Chiang: Okay. And just I get the pricing, I guess, it sounds like the pricing opportunities that you're going to move from something that you're doing it three, four times a year within environmental services to once a year, which is maybe more regular as inflation starts to or continues to subside here. But just given the pricing opportunities that you've talked about and the ability to get pricing more aligned with how you think about pricing within solid waste, just why not push that lever more if you can, or did you feel the customers were starting to push back on maybe the frequency in which you are coming to them with price increases within ES?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. No. I mean, yes, it's a big and diverse space. So there's been places where we've pushed past the price line we would have wanted to. We've lost some volume, which I congratulate the team, obviously. You don't understand the sealing on price until you take it there. And listen, in certain parts of the business, we'll get into more of an annual increase for our bigger customers that's contracted, for example. In other parts of the business, particularly the more field facing field services, those are things where it's really dynamic pricing, because every opportunity event job, you've got a lot more flexibility there. And we'll certainly test the market and see what the market bears in terms of opportunity. I'd say underneath that, too, there's a big mix opportunity, which is just looking at the types of jobs we do, looking at the customer mix and making sure we're prioritizing our sales team around the most attractive customers and then conversely deprioritizing around customers who aren't willing to pay what we think is a very fair value for what we deliver.
Kevin Chiang: That makes a ton of sense. Thanks for taking my question, and best of luck as you get through this year.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Betsy. I would like to thank our more than 40,000 employees for their continued commitment to providing our customers with first-class service to create a more sustainable world. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending, you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2023 Investor Conference Call. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter 2023 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 31, 2023. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our strong second quarter results demonstrate the value created by our differentiated capabilities and the execution of our strategic priorities. We continue to successfully grow our business both organically and through acquisitions while enhancing profitability. During the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 9%, including more than 4% from acquisitions; generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 10.5%; expanded EBITDA margin by 40 basis points; reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.41; and produced $1.26 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis, a 10% increase over the prior year. We continue to effectively allocate capital by investing in acquisitions to create long-term value. Year-to-date, we invested $927 million of acquisitions, all transactions were in the recycling and solid waste space, including the acquisition of assets in Colorado and New Mexico from GFL. The M&A environment remains active with opportunities in both the recycling and Solid Waste and Environmental Solutions businesses. We now expect investment in value creating acquisitions to exceed $1 billion for the year. We are making great progress on the integration of U.S. Ecology and increasing the profitability of our Environmental Solutions business. Pricing realization in this business remains strong. Customers value our complete set of products and services. We have achieved over $110 million in new sales to date as a result of cross-selling our products and services. The sales pipeline is robust with opportunities for organic growth and expansion of services within our existing customer base. We achieved more than $40 million of annualized cost synergies and EBITDA margin in the Environmental Solutions business improved to more than 22% in the quarter. The strong results we achieved in the first half of the year, along with the positive momentum in our business, supports a full-year financial outlook that exceeds our original expectations. We now expect revenue in a range of $14.775 billion to $14.85 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $4.34 billion to $4.36 billion, adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.33 to $5.38 and adjusted free cash flow in a range of $1.9 billion to $1.925 billion. Our updated financial guidance includes the contribution from acquisitions closed through June 30th. The results we are delivering are made possible by executing our strategy supported by our differentiated capabilities, customer zeal, digital and sustainability. Regarding Customer Zeal. Our efforts to deliver industry-leading service continues to drive sustained customer loyalty and organic growth. Our customer retention rate remained over 94% and we continue to see positive trends in our Net Promoter Score, supported by improved service delivery. Organic revenue growth remained strong during the quarter and simultaneously increases in both price and volume. Core price on related revenue was 8.8% and average yield on related revenue was 7.1%. This includes landfill MSW yield of 6.2%. This is the highest level performance in company history in this category. Organic volume growth on related revenue was 50 basis points. Turning to Digital. We have reached a milestone in our efforts to create digital tools to enhance our customers and employees' experience and deliver meaningful financial benefits. The deployment of RISE tablets in our Recycling and Solid Waste Collection business was completed during the second quarter. The next phase of our digital operations is expected to drive additional productivity savings through route adherence, improve safety performance, and provide more predictable service delivery for our customers. In total, we believe the benefits of our digital initiatives are worth approximately $100 million, with $50 million already achieved and $50 million to be captured over the next three years. Moving on to Sustainability. We continue to invest in differentiating capabilities to leverage sustainability as a platform for profitable growth. Earlier today, we announced a joint venture with Ravago called Blue Polymers. This groundbreaking partnership further supports our efforts to lead in a plastic circularity. Blue Polymers will utilize recycled olefins from our Polymer Centers to create blended pellets for use in manufacturing sustainable packaging. We expect to open four facilities beginning in late 2024 with earning contribution beginning in 2026. Development of our Polymer Centers in Las Vegas and the Midwest remain on track, with the centers becoming operational in late 2023 and late 2024, respectively. Demand for recycled plastics remains strong as the consumer goods industry continues to work toward achieving their sustainability goals. For example, we are partnering with a Coca-Cola Company to supply recycled PET from our Polymer Centers for use in sustainable packaging. The 57 renewable natural gas projects being co-developed with our partners are advancing. We expect four of these projects to be operational by the end of the third quarter. Finally, we continue to believe that creating a more sustainable world is our responsibility and a platform for growth. We recently published our latest sustainability report, highlighting the progress we are making on our 2030 goals. These goals are supported by investments we are making in Polymer Centers, the Blue Polymers joint venture, renewable natural gas projects and fleet electrification. I'll now turn the call over to Brian who will provide details for the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 7.3%. Core price on related revenue was 8.8%, which included open market pricing of 11% and restricted pricing of 5.3%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 12.3%, large container of 8.8% and residential of 8.3%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.9% and average yield on related revenue was 7.1%. We continue to price new and existing business ahead of cost inflation to drive margin expansion in the underlying business. Volume on total revenue increased 40 basis points, while volume on related revenue increased 50 basis points. The components of volume on related revenue included an increase in small container of 1.4%, an increase in residential of 80 basis points, and an increase in landfill of 3.7%. Landfill was primarily driven by an 8.3% increase in special waste revenue. Volume growth was partially offset by a decrease in large container of 1.3%, primarily due to a slowdown in construction-related activity. Moving on to Recycling. Commodity prices were $119 per ton during the quarter. This compared to $218 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales decreased revenue by 1.1% during the quarter. Current commodity prices are approximately $115 per ton. We believe commodity prices will remain relatively flat with current levels in the second half of the year and we now expect average recycled commodity prices in a range of $110 to $115 per ton for the full-year. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Second quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $104 million over the prior year, which primarily relates to the acquisition of U.S. Ecology. On a same-store basis, environmental solutions contributed 20 basis points to internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the Environmental Solutions business was 22.5%, a sequential increase of more than 150 basis points. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 40 basis points to 30% during the quarter. Margin performance included a 50 basis point decrease from recycled commodity prices and a 30 basis point decrease from acquisitions, which was fully overcome by a 100 basis point increase from net fuel and margin expansion in the underlying business of 20 basis points. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $1.26 billion. Our performance through the first half benefited from the timing of capital expenditures and cash taxes. Year-to-date, capital expenditures of $550 million represents 33% of our projected full-year spend and year-to-date adjusted cash taxes of $99 million, represents 40% of our projected full-year spend. Total debt was $12.2 billion and total liquidity was $2.1 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter returned to approximately 3x. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and effects from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 26.8% during the second quarter, which was in line with our expectations. We expect an equivalent tax impact of 25% in the second half of the year, resulting in a full-year equivalent tax impact of approximately 25.5%. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bryan Burgmeier of Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. On the Blue Polymer announcement this morning, is that something that's already captured in the pro forma earnings from Polymer Centers that you've spoken about previously? Or is this going to be incremental? And if it is incremental, could you give the full sense of the potential impact?
Jon Vander Ark: No, it's incremental. So think about that Polymer Center producing two things, PET on one side and olefins on the other side. At the PET, we take into a flake, basically, a hot wash clean flake that's food grade that can go right back into water bottle manufacturing or other types of PET applications. On the olefins, it takes a slightly different path. So we sort, get full collection of that olefins and then we feed the Polymer Center. So this basically guarantees the demand on the back end of our Polymer Center for the olefin side of it. And then Ravago was world-class at compounding and blending olefins to create unique products. And so that's why we partnered with them. We think we can provide the right applications to the market. We get to participate  not only do we get the supply, so it affects the supply agreement on one side, we get to participate in the benefit and the upside as a 45% minority JV partner.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. From an economics perspective, we look at our equity pickup, that one line pickup, beginning in 2026 two centers somewhat contributing in that year with about $15 million. So you can think $7 million to $8 million per center. And then getting $7 million to $8 million incremental in both 2027 and 2028. Ultimately, we see $30 million to $32 million worth of EBITDA for all four at run rate in 2029.
Bryan Burgmeier: Understood. Thanks for that detail. And if I can just maybe follow-up on the recycling business. I think your filings say your volume is about 80% fiber. Once the Polymer Centers are online, do you think that 80% fiber exposure drops a bit? Or is there maybe a different way we should start to think about value versus volume? Thanks, and I will turn it over.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, initially, it won't drop much, at least from a volume standpoint, because what we're really doing with Polymer Center is taking things that are down cycle today and some material along the way in that down cycling is lost and landfilled to get full volume recovery out of that plastic and get much higher yield because they're driving true circularity. Now these Polymer Centers are built actually to take third-party product over time. So over time, we'll flow third-party product in there. That will put more plastic into the system and then dilute the fiber percentage right at a certain level, but you're probably talking more like going from 80 to 75 versus a major change in the mix.
Operator: The next question comes from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. You mentioned a couple of comments on volume, and I was just wondering if volume was sort of in line with what you were expecting or if it was a little bit lighter. And I know you mentioned the construction activity and the special waste was something mentioned by one of your competitors is slowing. I know here, you got the 8.3% increase in special waste revenue. But just anything on volume trends and where things are above or below what you were expecting and how you think for the rest of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I'd say broadly kind of in line with expectation, probably slightly ahead in certain areas. So construction, we anticipated that being down. We saw residential and commercial starts obviously start to soften the second half of last year. And there's a lag effect as we have jobs that are getting completed. And so we're down 3.8%, but we have really strong pricing there. So we've taken the opportunity there to be disciplined on price and making sure that we're getting a positive mix even in that environment. And then other special waste, right, is attractive. Part of that special waste clearly is our cross-sell initiatives. With the U.S. Ecology acquisition, we have now a unique offering in the marketplace, and we're seeing customers demand to that unique offering. So that's certainly helping us. Small container was a bright spot, right, in terms of volume growth for the quarter. So I feel really good about that as well. And again, I'd say broadly in line with what we expected.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And Toni, if you remember, in our original guidance, the range on volume was 50 basis points to 1% positive. And now we're thinking it's at that  still within the range, but at the lower end. But at the same time, we increased our guidance on average yields, right? So the flow-through and the contribution of a 50 basis point increase on yield is much more significant to the enterprise in our results than the 50 basis point decrease on the volume side.
Toni Kaplan: Yes, understood. And then you mentioned the partnership with Coca-Cola. Can you talk about potential impacts from that? It might be a little bit longer term, but just any thoughts on how to quantify how you're thinking about that partnership and the benefits to you? Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, Coca-Cola has been a great partner. I would say this, demand for our product out of the Polymer Center outstrip supply by a lot, right? So we were able to talk to a number of parties. We could have sold the Las Vegas center out three or four times over without challenges because the market is so short supplied for this type of ARPA that's food grade. And we're taking it right now, the single site over time, we'll take the Midwest side. And then these partnerships will evolve, and I'm certain they'll grow, right, as we expand the network, but that's all we're disclosing at this point.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Brian, just real quick from a modeling perspective, what is the expected contribution from M&A in the new revenue guidance? I think it was supposed to be maybe a 3% contributor coming into the year. Is it maybe closer to 3.5% to 4%? And then how much rolls into 2024 based on what we know today?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So the in-year contribution rollover from 2022 transactions as well as the in-year impact from 2023 transactions, we're thinking 4.25%, right? And the rollover impact into 2024, right, from the deals that were completed in 2023, we think adds 50 basis points to our 2024 revenue growth.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. That's helpful. And then  so I just kind of want to think about the EBITDA a little bit. So it looks like you raised EBITDA by, call it, $50 million. But if I'm not mistaken, you actually lowered your commodity assumption, but then you added in some M&A. So basically, I'm trying to bridge that change. How much of the EBITDA change was basically core versus some other moving pieces, if that makes sense at all.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Let me answer the question. The short story is that the entire increase is essentially the underlying business. So let me go through some of the puts and takes. So to your point, right, we've added EBITDA associated with acquisitions, but most of those acquisitions were completed mid-year. So you're going to have half the contribution. We've also got deal and integration costs. Two of these deals require regulatory filings, so we had heavy legal costs. We also have a fairly significant integration costs just because one of those deals requires that we rebrand the trucks within the first six months. So the contributions from acquisitions in here is still positive, but it's somewhat muted. To your point, that's been further offset by the reduction in recycled commodity prices. So if you think about taking all those things I just mentioned relative to our original guide, it's a relative push. The $50 million increase in EBITDA at the midpoint is essentially the increase in price flowing through to the bottom line.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. Yes, okay, that's what I thought. Okay, just real quick on the last one here. So if we just exclude Blue Polymer and we just look at the Vegas facility, what is the expected EBITDA impact of that facility in 2024? And then how dependent will it be on recycled plastic prices because we have seen some weakness there recently. And basically, sorry, does this Blue Polymer JV, does it kind of inoculate that offtake risk longer term? Am I thinking about all that right?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Let me go ahead and start. You had a couple of questions there, so we'll kind of unpack some of those. So the expected contribution from just the Polymer Center, right, so this is the one in Vegas in 2024 is $15 million, right, of EBITDA contribution in 2024. You can then think of about an incremental $20 million per year thereafter, right, as we bring other centers online, ultimately getting to about $80 million worth of EBITDA at run rate in 2028. To your other point, right, on the Blue Polymers, yes, we are going to be selling all of the olefins coming out of the Polymer Center 2, the Blue Polymers JV, right? And when you start thinking about the offtake agreement there that guarantees, right, a contractual rate for all of those units leaving Blue Polymers on the olefin side  or I'm sorry, Polymer Center on the olefin side.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. Yes, so it kind of helps inoculate the offtake longer-term.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes.
Tyler Brown: If I read it right.
Jon Vander Ark: Correct.
Tyler Brown: Okay. All right. Thank you guys so much. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Jon, I'm wondering if you could just expand on comments you recently made to the Wall Street Journal. You spoke about having visibility on double-digit topline growth here in the medium term. I'm wondering if you could just unpack what gives visibility on that between Polymer, M&A yield, other moving pieces? And in that type of topline environment, do you think you can still deliver the 2x leverage between revenue and earnings that Republic has done over the past decade? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We're certainly starting with price, right? That's always the first component, right? We have to price ahead of our costs. You've seen the organic growth picture. And the underlying solid waste and recycling business is a slow growth business, right? And we expect to grow slightly faster than the market, only slightly because it's a highly contracted market and shares don't move easily. And again, we're always going to stay disciplined on price first. As we've expanded into Environmental Solutions, the underlying growth from an organic standpoint is certainly a little stronger. So that's a tailwind. On the growth side, we're doing more M&A than we ever had. It was six or seven years ago, we talked about spending $100 million a year in M&A. And then that's been ramped up to $500 million to $700 million, and obviously, we had announced last year the U.S. Ecology acquisition and got to $3 billion. But even outside of U.S. Ecology, it's $800 million of deals outside of U.S. Ecology. And this year, we've said more than $1 billion, and we're already sniffing up against that number. So M&A is certainly contributing. And then our other sustainability investments, right, are nice contributors and probably a little less on the topline in terms of really moving the needle given the scale of the business. But on the bottom line, right, these are kind of high EBITDA margin investment opportunity, very high return. So we feel great about that over time.
Jerry Revich: Super. And Brian, can I ask separately? In the quarter, really strong margin performance. Your COGS per unit were up just 3%. In terms of lumpy items that contributed to the results in the quarter? Or were the results pretty clean? It sounds like attrition was pretty low, but I'm wondering, were there any other moving pieces that helped margins or costs in the quarter that we should keep in mind before run rating the really strong results?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Look, I would say there's always some puts and takes. But I would say if you aggregate those from a net number perspective, it was a fairly clean quarter.
Jerry Revich: Well done. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. Brian, could we walk through a dollar reconciliation of last year's EBITDA to this year's EBITDA on a dollar basis, so not just that aggregate change, the 50, but what are all the puts and takes? Because I think have the sense that we're understating the power of solid waste by just saying 50. This is on the guide. Sorry, I meant the guide.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, the guide. So, Michael, as I mentioned, I mean, we're not going to get into the individual components of the EBITDA contribution of our acquisitions and other things. But what I can tell you is, as I just said with Tyler on the phone, if you take a look at the in-year acquisition contribution net of those deal and integration costs, right, that is a positive number, which is almost entirely offset by the reduction in recycled commodities. That reduction in recycled commodities is about $15 million to $20 million negative compared to our original expectations. So if you look at guide to guide right at the midpoint, our EBITDA is up $50 million, which is the underlying business made up primarily of relatively higher price. We took our yield from 5.5% on total revenue to 6%. We took it from 6.5% on related to 7%. So that's that 50 basis points as well as just outperformance within the Environmental Solutions business. That's what's contributing, right, to the overall increase in EBITDA.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Could we then talk about Environmental Solutions, and would you talk about the price volume mix there because I think it's important for everybody to see that there's a combination of both in the pricing of a scarce asset continues.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, let me start there, Michael. We're working through that. Obviously, it's a little bit like special waste in terms of there's a mix issue that there's a lot of unique products and services. So we haven't nailed yet what we might report externally in terms of price or yield metric there, certainly our aspiration over time, whether that's large parts of the business, like yield per drum or things like that, work through it. But a huge portion of the outperformance there is price. We've taken multiple double-digit price increases, and we will lead from a pricing standpoint. And that's caused a few units to be shed in certain places. So we found the ceiling, but we're unafraid. These are valuable assets, impossible to replicate and customers are valuing what we're offering. So we're going to continue to push on that front. And that, also combined with the cross-sell, which is where we're driving a lot of the volume, has been a really good story and picture for that business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. I mean just to put some numbers on that, Michael. If you take a look at the Environmental Solutions business, this time last year, was 17.1% EBITDA margin. This quarter, 22.5%. So that 540 basis points of margin improvement is essentially most of that being price-driven, but also just better overall utilization as well. We're becoming more efficient, and we're optimizing from a labor perspective. So when we do get those units, not just because of the price alone, but as far as the overall profitability of each one of those jobs, we're just becoming overall more efficient as we have better utilization of the assets and the resources that are providing those services.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. If I could just tease out one thing. We've had negative trends in ISM PMI were below 50 on the index. It looks like it's floor bottoming. But is there a positive volume even if I don't get the split, there's positive volume plus a lot of price?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think, yes. And so we look at all those indices, too, Michael. And I think what we're not fully accounting for is a lot of the infrastructure spend and the government spending is flowing through. And we're certainly getting a lot of opportunity there.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And I think the other thing, too, Michael, that we're also seeing right now as well is the benefit of the cross-sell. As we said, we've now increased  or reported more than $110 million in new sales, which is positively impacting both the Environmental Solutions business as well as the Recycling and Solid Waste business. But more of that positively impacting the Environmental Solutions business just because when you take a look at the revenue per customer tends to just be higher than we see in recycling and solid waste.
Michael Hoffman: All right. Let me squeeze one more, if I can. You raised price in 4Q, you raised it in 1Q. Did you raise it in 2Q as well?
Jon Vander Ark: We are actually in the process of raising prices here early in 3Q.
Michael Hoffman: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Spracklin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Yes. Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Just on the volume, good job on growing that volume amid some of your peers seeing it contract a little bit. But I'm just curious as to whether we're hearing a little bit on the price competition from smaller players that are somewhat less disciplined in that regard and some of your peers walk away from that is. Are you seeing any evidence that smaller players are acting a little bit more aggressive here? And do you suspect that this will ultimately translate in either pressure on pricing or on volumes for your business going forward?
Jon Vander Ark: No, we haven't seen it. Now again, there's always an ankle biter and a market here or there who's going to take advantage of try to grow volume and figure out pretty quickly, right? That's a tough way to make a business and earn your cost of capital. With a small container, right, 9.5% yield, 1.4% volume. Really, really strong numbers for us this quarter. And that's a place we often see the price competition come in. That's where they try to attack because that's a profitable part of the business and people try to build their business there. They might start out on resi script or start out and temporal off and then they quickly get into that because that's the higher margin stuff. And so we've not seen the market broadly turn into a negative direction at all.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And the other thing, too, you have to remember is that there are still supply chain constraints on getting new trucks. So in order to sit there into, again, have that type of behavior, you'd have to have capacity in your system or be able to secure a new truck in order to service those new accounts. And we are not seeing those supply chain constraints easing anytime soon.
Walter Spracklin: Right. Being a little bit of a natural limiter there. On the CapEx spend, we saw a few of your competitors, again, increase CapEx a little bit unexpectedly in certain cases. And just curious how you review your CapEx spend is  and new projects as they develop? Are you  have you looked at your budget for this year? Is that something you do on an ongoing basis? Is it upcoming? Are you seeing evidence of projects that perhaps weren't on the horizon or perhaps not in your purview that are starting to pop up? Just curious as to, on a time frame, when you might update your CapEx budget based on what projects may or may not have come into the fold.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No, we're doing that on an ongoing basis, right? We're looking at opportunities and Polymer Centers and Blue Polymer are good examples of things that we think. If they're value-creating, sustainable investments over time, we're going to make those investments. But we think also about, hey, normal course of business, what is the budget and not having any big CapEx bubble. So in this year, for example, the supply chain is challenged on the truck side. And so we're able to pull forward a little bit of spend on heavy equipment this year and some of that truck spend then will flow into next year. So across the two years, it will be relatively balanced. So there's always a little bit of push, pull on the margin, but we're looking at it all the time. And then thinking about into next year, if there's things that are really value creating, we'll put those into the budget next year. But we're kind of giving you what we see in terms of Blue Polymer and Polymer Centers in terms of investments outside of that, including the landfill gas energy projects we've already talked about.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And if you look in the details of the guidance, when we do the reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow, included in that is a guide for the capital expenditures. And the number that's in there in the revised guide is exactly the same as what we guided back in February.
Walter Spracklin: Got it. And last question here is on acquisitions. You had a couple of lumpy  chunky ones in the quarter. Is it your intention now to digest a little bit as you go into 2024? Or is this something that you think you could keep up a fairly solid clip that even ex those chunkier acquisitions you would have done otherwise?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, pipeline remains strong, both on the Recycling and Solid Waste and the Environmental Solutions side of the business. We're mindful of not loading up a specific geography, right, if they've done a big deal. We want to make sure that they can digest that and get that operational. But we've got a good pipeline of deals of all sizes, and we look forward to a strong second half and then into 2024 as well.
Walter Spracklin: That's fantastic. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. So particularly in light of the way the EBITDA guidance raise was framed in terms of that pricing falling through to the bottom line and relative to the comments in response to Michael's question about raising prices successively each quarter. Just in light of those  with those as context, could you just talk about what you're seeing in the underlying inflation in the business, how those trended through the quarter, how you're responding, how these pricing programs are responding to those trends?
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yes. Different picture obviously. Labor has been a really good story for us in terms of we brought the turnover down, starting to see that inflation certainly modulate. Maintenance has been a little more of a challenge and it's twofold. Some of it's just the underlying tires or things and true inflation. The other is the challenge of the supply chain, right, while we're growing the business, right, and we're not getting the replacement trucks or the growth trucks we need at the exact clip, that's causing us to drive older trucks, and we're going to do that to service our customer and capture the opportunity. So it's still value creating, but it is going to show up in that maintenance line in terms of older trucks at higher maintenance cost on that front. But we expect broadly all the cost categories, we're starting to see that inflation modulate in the second half of the year. And so we should see pretty good price cost spread at the remainder of the year.
Sean Eastman: Okay. And then maybe taking that a little bit further. Just trying to think about the jumping off point for margins into next year, just assuming kind of status quo on some of the commodity-related inputs. I'm trying to think about the typical 30 to 50 basis points. Should we be building that number off of the second half outlook? As much information or thoughts as you can provide on that bridge would be really appreciated.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Look, we're not providing guidance right now for 2024.
Sean Eastman: Totally understand.
Brian DelGhiaccio: But again, if you  when we talk about that kind of 30 to 40 basis points per year, we're doing off of a full-year comp. So again, if you take a look at the midpoint of the EBITDA and the midpoint of the revenue, you can get a baseline adjusted EBITDA margin and think of it off of that because we're saying this year is a relative  we're expecting a relatively normal level of seasonality. We always expected it to follow the normal seasonal pattern from a margin profile perspective by quarter. So I think if you look at the full-year number, that's a good baseline.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks a lot, gentlemen, and nice update here.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from [Lydia Yang] of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hi, sorry. This is Noah Kaye on Lydia.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Noah.
Noah Kaye: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe we  can just to make sure we understand, to put a finer point on the last question, how you think about kind of the yield and margin cadence for the back half. There's some odd comps, obviously, last year to consider versus what feels this year. As you said, more like normal seasonality. So can you maybe help us put a little bit of a finer point on it for modeling purposes?
Brian DelGhiaccio: And again, I would say it had more to do with the prior year than the current year. We always said this year, we expect more of a normal seasonality sequentially. And so again, when you take a look at  in a normal year, your two best quarters tend to be Q2 and Q3 because you're capturing those summer months, right? And then again, you start pulling in some of the  in the colder climates where some of the units start to step down, and that's why you see comparably lower margin performance, lower revenue, lower EBITDA in Qs four and one. But as you kind of see this year and you kind of do the math, it looks like second half will be slightly more contribution than the first half, kind of a 49.5%, 50.5% type contribution. And again, we would say that that's relatively in line with our original expectations.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. And I think  by the way, I take your point around higher flow-through on price versus volume and agree with it all day. And so part of just trying to better understand because I think there's been a theme to this earnings around what the volume environment actually looks like. So I just want to make sure I can reconcile something. I think that the guide basically implies flat volumes, right, for the back half. And as you said in your commentary, you're not really looking at a flat volume environment, you're still looking at growth. So just how do I reconcile those? Are you maybe just being a little bit conservative given some of the indicators? Just help us to make sense.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. It's just caution and conservatism, given the construction market, given obviously the manufacturing industry we talk about and just there's some general uncertainty out there have we really stuck the soft landing or not. So we want to be cognizant of that. Listen, we're still raising, right? We've got a great story to tell and very, very positive. But on the volume standpoint, we're just being conservative.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Question on Environmental Solutions. In broad strokes, can you outline what that segment might look like in five years based on your strategy today?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, we expect to keep growing. And this question comes up often, what percentage of the mix is going to be, right? We don't have a target percentage mix. I can tell you that we also plan on growing the recycling and solid waste side of the business. And so whether that is 12%, 14%, 15%, 16%, one year might be outsized one or the other, but we expect it to contribute. And the most important thing for us is it's related, right? It's the thing that's helping us drive cross-sell and stickiness with our customers, not just on the ES side of the business, but in the recycling and solid waste side of the business. So same formula there. We're going to start with price, right? We're going to look to gain organic growth, right, and grow some basis points ahead of the market, but not wildly ahead of the market. And then have a strong M&A pipeline, but stay very disciplined in terms of double-digit returns and make sure that any deal we do there fits our strategy.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you. And second, I guess someone has to ask about PFAS. So with your current environmental solutions capabilities, is PFAS remediation a net positive opportunity today for Republic? Or do you need other pieces to make it that way?
Jon Vander Ark: So we see it as a positive. And again, this is not  there's  laws are still evolving here and the regulations are. And so we're actively having discussions at a federal, state and local level, right, to make sure that we're not  and the industry broadly, right, isn't the one holding the bag or they should want us to take care of PFAS because we're the one collecting it. We didn't generate it or create it. So we're going to be mindful that we're not penalized because we're doing the right thing from the environment. And then you flip that on the ES side of the business, lots of opportunities already emerging and lots of customer discussions for how we remediate. We have some solutions today, that portfolio is going to grow. So we think this is a net positive for us.
David Manthey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tobey Sommer of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thanks. Can you keep this pace of margin expansion in ES into 2024? And where is the ultimate end goal? Maybe speak to the drivers from this low 20% range.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. The ultimate end goal is to harmonize the financial profile of this business with the recycling solid waste side of the business. We think we first will get their free cash flow conversion because over the cycle, this side of the business has a little less capital intensity and then ultimately margin. We're going to get there in a very disciplined way, right? You won't see the pace of the margin expansion, right, 540 basis points, that's leaps and bounds. We're not going to keep this pace. But I think you're going to see steady progress on that front. And listen, there will be some movement in this business like there is as the economy ebbs and flows, but we're going to take a through-cycle mindset, continue to serve customers, stay disciplined, focus on people who are generating recurring revenue over time. And I think you'll see the financial profile harmonize over time in the two sides of the business.
Tobey Sommer: How much higher can you drive retention above the 94% level and still have it sort of be economically advantageous? And what's driving service delivery improvement now?
Jon Vander Ark: I'll start with the end of your question. Certainly, technology is helping us on that front. As we put in the RISE platform is just allowing  positioning our frontline people to succeed every day. All the information with the customer is in front of them. When things come up like a block stop, they can immediately communicate digitally to our logistics department through our customer service. So we've got a full visibility and can communicate with the customer quickly. Turnover coming down is certainly helping that, and we feel good about that on the front line of the business. And I don't think we can drive loyalty to 100 because at some point, that's unattractive for certain customers who aren't willing to go or want to go from a price increase. And there is some natural movement of movement of homes, closures of business, et cetera. But we don't think we're done yet. We aspire to take that 94 up higher.
Tobey Sommer: Thanks. Last one for me. What are the puts and takes of multiple price hikes per annum as opposed to larger, less frequent price hikes?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, one would be test and learn, right? So when you put out the price increase, right, you can understand exactly how customers react and are we able to retain that work? And so that's the flexibility we have. Over time, you're not going to see us do that. Our normal case in recycling and solid waste business is typically annual increases when extraordinary things happen like the commodity issue four, five years ago, multiple price increases in a year, but that's not normal course. So over time, the ES business will matriculate to that model as well.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Good afternoon.
Stephanie Moore: Sticking on the move to the ES side and particularly the U.S. Ecology deal. I mean, I think kind of everything that was laid out tonight kind of speaks to the strength you've seen, whether it's pricing or the cross-selling. So suffice it to say, is that $75 million to $100 million revenue synergy target, presumably, we've blown past that at this point? Do you have a new target? Or how would you think about kind of ultimately the opportunity you can continue to garner from a cross-selling and pricing standpoint and what that means for that original target?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, the pipeline is strong. Ultimately, this will manifest itself in our guidance for 2024, which we're not talking about today, but that will roll right. And again, U.S. Ecology, which was a great company. We were lucky to acquire, most importantly, the people, but also those assets. They're now part of the Republic Services in the Environmental Solutions business, so we've anniversaried that going forward. And so you'll see that roll through our volume numbers as we forecast 2024.
Stephanie Moore: Okay, got it. And then maybe switching gears. Can you provide us an update on the joint venture with the BP and on the RNG front, maybe any updates or how it's progressing thus far?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. It's progressing about 57 projects and partnership. The largest chunk of that is with BP. It's 40-plus projects of those are with BP. And listen, we're hitting our marks broadly. Now there's certainly been some push-pull across individual locations where we've had some capital delays in being able to get facilities built. But then we've had other places where we've been able to redirect and pull forward faster and get that permitting in place. So ultimately, we're meeting our expectations for what's going to come online by the end of this year. And I think that's a helpful part of our portfolio, given the number of sites where you have one or two sites that might run into a little bit of delays. You've got the opportunity to look to accelerate other places.
Stephanie Moore: Okay. Got it. So maybe any volatility we've seen with RINs this year and nothing  that really doesn't have any significant impact with kind of your expectations for this year and next just given the structure of the JV? Is that kind of a fair assessment? Or how would you talk about company volatility?
Brian DelGhiaccio: From a long-term planning, and we talked about how we were valuing these investments, we assume $2 RIN prices through cycle. So the more recent uptick in RINs prices will actually be upside to our original expectations.
Stephanie Moore: All right. Thank you so much.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just, Brian, the M&A rollover you said next year is 50 basis points. I think typically, M&A ends up being margin dilutive, but some of the acquisitions look like nice assets like Colorado. Just on that 50 bps next year, is there any chance that M&A isn't margin diluted that it could be neutral or even accretive based on some of the assets you guys were able to purchase?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. On a majority of that 50 basis point rollover, we would expect that to be at the margin plus.
Michael Feniger: Great. And I guess just for my second question, free cash flow is tracking well. I think the conversion is going to be that 44% range in line with last year. I guess with all the conversations about sustainability investments and these projects, just do you think that free cash flow conversion is going to plateau? Or is there an opportunity for next year, for 2024, to see that break out a little bit and step up? What are some things that we should consider that might maybe hold that back or potential upside for that into next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Well, a couple of things. So I mean your observation of relatively flat with 2022. Be mindful though that we're overcoming over 300 basis points worth of headwinds between higher cash interest rates, commodity prices and the impact of bonus depreciation. So the underlying business is actually offsetting all of that to drive a result that looks relatively flat. That said, the contribution as we start thinking about the RNG plants and we think about Polymer Centers, Blue Polymers, all of which would be accretive to current company performance, that should all be additive. And as long as we don't continue to experience these year-over-year headwinds like we did this year in those three areas I just mentioned, you should start to see that flow through.
Michael Feniger: Great. And Brian, just maybe just the last one. Just when I look at the open versus restricted pricing, obviously very healthy. How do we kind of think of those moving parts as we go into second half? And any visibility we kind of have in the first half next year just based on how we do the look backs? Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So again, when we think about open market pricing, and we've said this all along that we expected relatively higher pricing in the first half as compared to the second half, not really a function of what we're doing in the current year, it just we'd start getting into tougher comps. And again, it's a year-over-year comparison, so expressed as a percentage. You start to see that modulate a little bit. But again, all staying within, call it, 50 basis points of the full-year guide. So it steps down a little bit. Within the restricted, as we look forward, depends really on the pricing mechanism. So while we see potentially some of the CPI escalators, right, sequentially start to step down, water sewer trash and garbage trash are doing the exact opposite. Each month, they tend to improve. So again, we see it being relatively consistent in the restricted portion of the book just because what we see in step downs in CPI being offset again by those alternative indices.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang of CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Yes. Thanks for squeezing. Maybe just one for me. I'm just wondering when you think of ES margins from the low 20s to eventually 30%, it sounds like pricing is tracking well. You've got the cross-selling opportunities. Just you had good success rolling on technology, automation, a bunch of things that have helped improve your solid waste margins. Just wondering how many of those initiatives you've rolled into ES. Or maybe how many of those initiatives would be applicable in the ES segment that could help bridge that gap? And is there a way to maybe quantify how much that could be to margins if you roll out some of that technology to the Environmental Solutions business?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No, it's a great question. Right now, that's all costs, no benefit. So we're investing a lot in IT and doing a lot of hard integration work. U.S. Ecology, but also ACV and a lot of the other legacy assets we have all in the common platform, starting with a customer, how do we make that service offering even more compelling by getting digitally integrated with them. And then there's certainly some things on the operating side of the business, which will also help us drive labor utilization, more efficiency in terms of material flow, et cetera. We haven't quantified exactly what that's worth yet, but that will be part of the path to get to the 30. And when we get a little further down the road, we'll talk about those initiatives in more detail.
Kevin Chiang: Okay. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. It's been a long call. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Yee of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Yee: Hi, good afternoon. I want to ask about the Polymer Centers. So the Las Vegas, Midwest and the two others that you're planning to build, is four kind of the gating factor because of how much plastics you're actually collecting in your recycling routes? Or if there is a lot of demand, would you consider investing in more than four facilities?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Four was  the business case we based it off of was all the material we collect today. So we don't have supply risk, which is great. Now we built those centers with a capacity to take third-party volume, and we're already getting some of that. So we've created a brokered asset that's already starting to capture some third-party volume, and it's a great value proposition. For example, if you have a municipally owned recycling center, we can take labor out of your facility, right, give you a few more penny for that load, and it's part of your sustainability story as well. So you share in the environmental benefits of that. Over time, right, as that demand for third party continues to grow, we could imagine five or six centers. It's regionally based, all hub-and-spoke model. So we've got the flexibility in the network over time that if the demand outstrips the capacity of the four, that we'll continue to invest.
Stephanie Yee: Okay. That's very helpful. And just on the Blue Polymers JV, can you give us an idea of the CapEx spend that would be coming from Republic? Or is it too early at this point?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Remember, it's more  we're a minority owner, so it's more an investment then it will come through CapEx. But we're thinking that our allocable share would be about $40 million per facility or $160 million in total over the next five to six years.
Stephanie Yee: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jon Vander Ark for any closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Andrea. This month marks the 25th anniversary of Republic Services' stock trading on the New York Stock Exchange. I would like to thank all of our stakeholders, including customers, employees, communities and shareholders for their commitment and support in building this great organization. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 14:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2023 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter 2023 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 27, 2023. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We started the year strong and are pleased with our first quarter results. Our performance reflects our ability to grow across our business while enhancing profitability. We remain well positioned to capitalize on additional growth opportunities in the marketplace by providing the most complete set of products and services to customers. During the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 21%, including 11% from acquisitions, generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.24 and produced $496 million of adjusted free cash flow. We continue to believe that investing in acquisitions is the best use of free cash flow to create long-term value. We invested $224 million in acquisitions during the first quarter. All transactions were in the recycling and solid waste space. Our acquisition pipeline remains supportive of outsized levels of activity in both recycling and solid waste and environmental solutions businesses. We continue to see opportunity for well over $500 million of investment in value-creating acquisitions in 2023. We are making great progress on the integration of U.S. Ecology and increasing the profitability of our Environmental Solutions business. We continue to adjust prices to earn an appropriate return on the valuable services we provide. The acceptance of our pricing actions remains high with very little customer defection. Cross-selling our complete set of products and services continues to run ahead of plan with more than $60 million in new sales to date. We have now achieved over $40 million of annualized cost savings. As a result of the actions taken in the Environmental Solutions business, EBITDA margin improved to just over 20% during the first quarter. We continue to generate outsized growth by executing our strategy, supported by our differentiating capabilities, customer zeal, digital and sustainability. Regarding customers' yield. We remain laser-focused on providing a world-class customer experience to drive increased loyalty and organic growth. Our customer retention rate remained at 94%. We continue to see positive trends in our Net Promoter Score, supported by improved service delivery. Our front-end colleagues, including drivers, technicians and the customer experience team are determined to fulfill our daily commitments to our customers. We delivered robust organic revenue growth during the quarter and simultaneously increased in both price and volume. For price and related revenue increased to 9.3% and average yield on related revenue increased to 7.4%. Organic volume growth on related revenue was 1.8%. Volume growth was broad-based across our market verticals and geographies. Turning to digital, we continue to make progress on deploying RISE tablets in our collection business. Over 75% of our residential routes are operating with RISE tablets. The remaining routes are on-track to be completed by mid-year. This technology is the foundation that will allow us to further enhance our digital service offerings and improve our customer experience. Moving on to sustainability. We are investing in differentiated capabilities to leverage sustainability as a platform for profitable growth. In February, we announced our plans to significantly scale our electric fleet through our long-term agreement with Oshkosh. We will begin operating 2 fully integrated electric recycling and solid waste collection prototypes later this year and expect to start buying a scale in 2025. This announcement supports our industry-leading commitment to fleet electrification through a multi-supplier strategy. Development of our Palmer centers in Las Vegas and the Midwest remain on-track with the centers becoming operational in late 2023 and late 2024 respectively. The 57 renewable natural gas projects being co-developed with our partners are advancing. We expect at least six of these projects to commence operations this year. Our approach to sustainability includes our aspiration to be the employer of choice in the markets that we serve, and we are seeing positive results. Turnover rates continue to improve, and we are now below 2019 levels. As a result, we are better staffed to capitalize on growth opportunities in the market. We continue to be widely recognized for our comprehensive sustainability performance. For example, we were recently named to Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list, Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies list and Fortune's list of the world's Most Admired Companies. A positive momentum in our business continues to build as we harness the power of our differentiated capabilities. We will continue to invest for the future profitable growth to deliver the results that create unmistakable value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Brian to provide financial details for the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price on total revenue was 8.2%. Core price on related revenue was 9.3%, which included open market pricing of 11.7% and restricted pricing of 5.4%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 12.6%, large container of 9.6% and residential of 8.4%. Average yield on total revenue was 6.5%. Average yield on related revenue was 7.4%, an increase of 70 basis points when compared to our fourth quarter performance. We continue to price new and existing business ahead of cost inflation to drive margin expansion in the underlying business. Volume on total revenue increased 1.6%, while volume on related revenue increased 1.8%. The components of volume on related revenue included an increase in small container of 1.6%. an increase in large container of 80 basis points and an increase in landfill of 8.6%. Landfill was primarily driven by a 21.7% increase in special waste revenue. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $105 per ton in the quarter. This compared to $201 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales decreased revenue by 90 basis points during the quarter. Current commodity prices are approximately $115 per ton. We believe that commodity prices will continue to recover in the second half of the year as the global supply/demand imbalance continues to correct. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. First quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $309 million over the prior year, which primarily relates to the acquisition of US Ecology. On a same-store basis, Environmental Solutions contributed 50 basis points to internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the Environmental Solutions business was 20.6%, a sequential increase of 350 basis points. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin for the first quarter was 29%. This compares to 30.4% in the prior year. Margin performance during the quarter included a 130 basis point decrease from acquisitions, which includes 90 basis points related to US Ecology, 60 basis point decrease from recycled commodity prices and a 30 basis point decrease from an additional work day, partially offset by a 40 basis point increase from net fuel and margin expansion in the underlying business of 40 basis points. Adjusted free cash flow was $496 million in the first quarter or approximately 25% of the midpoint of our full year guidance. Free cash flow conversion was 47.6%. Total debt was $12.1 billion, and total liquidity was $2.5 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 3.1x. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and effects from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 26.3% during the first quarter, which was in line with our expectations. With that operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Hi, there. Thanks so much. Pricing seemed really strong this quarter. I know you talked about it sort of decelerating through the year, but just wanted to get your latest thoughts. Any additional color on pricing and how second quarter looks as well? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly a very strong environment still. We expect kind of maintain that momentum for the first half and for lots of reasons, we think that sequentially comes down into the second half, right, as some inflation starts to modulate and in our restricted portion of our business, obviously, right, CPI comes down in terms of where the comps go, but we also expect cost inflation to modulate through the year. So we think we'll have pretty good price margin spread throughout the year, which will lead to a positive result for the year.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. And I wanted to ask if you could just give us an update on how you are thinking about the specialty waste opportunity, talk about any of the synergies and areas of potential future opportunity there. Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, a really strong quarter for us, obviously, right, over 20% and broad-based, and a portion of that is certainly the cross-sell opportunities that I talked about in my prepared remarks. And that we're offering customers a comprehensive and integrated offering and part of that is showing up in our recycling and solid waste business and going to our special waste into our landfill. And that's the benefit of our offering where we can take things into liquid hazardous waste, we can take solid hazardous waste, we can take special way so we can provide a range of solutions to customers, and that still put us in a pretty differentiated position in the marketplace and excited about the momentum that the team has.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And also what I would add to that is that our pipeline for special waste opportunities remains very strong. And about 20% of that pipeline is a direct result of cross-sell opportunities.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Congrats, again.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys. Sorry, I just want to be clear. So are you effectively just reiterating all the pieces of the guidance?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, we feel we're certainly -- feel good about the guidance at this point.
Patrick Brown: Okay. Okay. This wasn't totally 100% clear. But kind of going back and following on the previous question, I know pricing was strong out of the gate. But can you talk a little bit about unit cost inflation? So I think you guys guided to something like 5% to 5.5% unit cost inflation for '23, I think on the last quarter call. Do you kind of still see that or you still seeing maybe inflation starting high and then it kind of easiness as the year goes on?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, start where you ended. It's certainly starting higher and modulating throughout the course of the year. I think it's going to be a little higher than the 5.5%, probably closer to 6% would be our best look at this point right now and a few different factors on that. Certainly, truck delivery would be one where we got about 90% of our trucks last year, and we think we're going to get probably that 10% from last year and about 90% of this year, and we're growing. So that means we're buying some older trucks. Operating some older trucks to service those growth opportunities, and they have a higher cost per engine hour. And so that's elevated maintenance costs. It's higher cost, not necessarily unit cost inflation on the part, for example, is just operating more expensive vehicles. And hopefully, in 2024, the suppliers catch up, but we can kind of get back on track. So that would be one example why it's just a little bit higher than we predicted.
Patrick Brown: Okay. All right. That's perfect. Just my last one is here. Going back to environmental services. So there's a lot of traction there. It seems like that franchise is maybe run rating $1.5 billion in total revenues, and I don't have the calculation on the fingertips here. But is that kind of like a low-low 20% margin today. I think you had talked about maybe getting that to 30% longer term. So do you still see that, Jon? And kind of what are the couple of the key drivers to get you there? Is it just we need to go through a couple more cycles of pricing? Or just any thoughts on timing and how we go from call 20 to circa 30.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, I think pricing is certainly going to be a huge lever in terms of how we get there and the primary lever. I think a little bit of scale benefit, obviously, which allows us to leverage our overhead. We've built this thing for growth. So as we continue to grow, we get some leverage on our overhead spend in that space as well. And just additional integration opportunities across recycling and solid waste business. We haven't really taken advantage of all of those things yet. And then, the last thing will be just cost management. Cost discipline and making sure that we are pricing work appropriately in understanding the cost position of all that work so that all of our individual opportunities and projects are profitable. We've made great progress on that, but there's more room in front of us. And this was the investment thesis when we did the deal, obvious. So we did it based on Intrinsic and $40 million of cost synergies we've just gotten there quicker than we expected. We've gotten the 40 rate. I think we're going to end up closer to 50, when we're said and done. And then, we thought there was upward pressure on pricing. We thought there was cross-sell opportunities. And we said we'd get $75 million to $100 million over 3 years. We've already gotten 60, which tells you with a good pipeline, which tells you that we're going to get to that 75 to 100 quicker than we expected. And we know that when we price, so we anticipate there will be some customer fallout churn, but the net dollars work over time. We've just seen very, very little churn, which speaks to the fact that this is a valuable offering. It's a very small portion of the vast majority of our customers' cost structure and that we're going to continue to price for the value we deliver.
Patrick Brown: Yes. Lots of momentum there. Appreciate the time guys. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. There's been maybe some mixed messages today in earnings -- previous earnings around the macro, the health of the macro. I have a feeling your answer may be not so mixed, maybe a little more unambiguous. But can you talk today about the health of the customer, the sustainability of your pricing? You mentioned that your retention rates are at 94%. So they're sticking. But looking at your -- both the pricing and some of the volume trends you reported, they're very robust. And so would just love your perspective on what you're seeing in the staying power of some of these trends.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Let me put a caveat on first, which is we remain humble and dynamic, right? The last 3 years have bought a lot of people that there's fundamental uncertainty in the market and I read the same things you do, which is people have been talking about a recession, you're announced for 12 to 18 months. So we have our eyes and ears open and that will be nimble should that occur. All that being said, we see a lot of positive signs. We're seeing strong growth and pricing. Let me give you a number or a perspective. In our open market, we're sending out more -- a higher gross price increase than we ever had before. and our realization rate, which is the percentage of that pricing that sticks. Customers don't call back to negotiate, et cetera, is the highest it's ever been, which is somewhat of an astounding number to think about, they were putting a lot of price. That price is sticking in the marketplace for growing. We talked about special waste in that pipeline being strong. We're starting to see a commodity rebound, which we put a modest rebound in our plan, and I think we feel really good that the outlook there looks strong on that front. We've seen a little decline in temp units year-over-year. We anticipated that in our plan with where residential and commercial construction were going at the end of last year, but our yield number is very, very strong there. So we're doing some of that to ourselves in terms of yielding on those assets. So we're pretty confident in the very near term and cautiously optimistic around the demand environment for the remainder of the year.
Noah Kaye: Yes. And then maybe just a little bit of a follow-on, but also housekeeping. Can you comment to what MSW tons did? And then did the quarter have any benefit on the cleanup related to the train derailment in Ohio? I don't know if remediation work ended up being significant.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Let me address the MSW. So MSW volume was up 1.2%. I think more importantly, though, MSW yield was up 5.6%. So very strong pricing in that portion of our business.
Jon Vander Ark: And then the specific to derailment in Ohio, I think is the one you're referring to, a de minimis impact in the quarter.
Noah Kaye: Okay. So it was really all just strong demand in kind of the environmental services part of the business. And can you give us sort of a sense of how much of that was price?
Jon Vander Ark: Very strong, very broad-based. Listen, we've gone out with multiple double-digit price increases, which is sticking. Obviously, that business is more unique, and there's a lot of mix elements because you're doing a lot of individual project work and a lot of things like special waste on the hazard side that come in. So we haven't yet developed our yield metric, which we aspire to do over time in that portion of the business. And I'd say the industrial economy from our seat in the park is still very strong. Now it's not universally strong on boarded, for example, would be a spot that's a little bit down. So we're seeing some of that in the Midwest, which has a lot of manufacturing capacity there, but other parts are very, very strong on the industrial side.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Thanks very much operator. Good afternoon everyone. I wanted to go back to the recession question and really talk about I know your resiliency is quite admirable during the cycle. Just curious with you have a little bit of a different book of business now compared to '08, '09. And just wondering what your thoughts are on whether the resiliency of your earnings profile is as good as it was back then or if the addition of US Ecology has added any volatility there? And particularly on special waste, I don't know if you've answered many questions about your sensitivity to a recessionary environment on your special waste volumes, if you have any color on that?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Walter, I would say the first thing to keep in perspective is that Environmental Solutions revenue in total is about 10% of our book. You got to keep that in mind. That being said, a good portion of this revenue stream is, as a consistent and recurring nature to it. And increasingly more, we're trying to get closer to the customer to make that more of an annuity type revenue stream. Is it exactly the same? Maybe not, but is it pretty close, I would say yes.
Walter Spracklin: And sensitivity on special waste, any sense there?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think you got moving pieces there. Obviously, when the economy goes down, people will get cautious and things that have discretion to them, you're going to see some delays. But the vast majority of our special waste those are jobs that need to get completed. They need to get done. So it's not a matter of the job getting canceled. It's a matter of the job getting pushed. And I'd say the counterbalance of that right now is just all of the infrastructure spending and government funding. We see a lot of those opportunities just starting to emerge, but we really haven't taken advantage of a lot of that spending hasn't flowed all the way through to jobs being committed here.
Walter Spracklin: Okay. Those are my two questions. Thanks very much. Appreciate your time.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jon Vander Ark: Operator, why don't we move on to the next question.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. Nice start to the year. I kind of hate to do this. But just pressing on the guidance, I mean not much of a mention on kind of where we stand, to me kind of feels like we are running ahead schedule. So I just wanted to run that by you, is it fair to say that perhaps with the momentum in environmental solutions. Clearly, price volume looking stronger that we are kind of tracking a little ahead of that initial outlook for the year.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We feel really good about the start to the business and said what remains quiet positive as you know, it's a seasonal business, so you get a ramp-up here in Q2 and Q3. And we want to see that ramp-up fully take hold. We are starting certainly see some of that ready but that gets into full swing here in May and the summer month in the northern part of the country. And so we'll come back in July when we talk again and see our progress there, and we'll tell you if we have any update at that point.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Understood. And perhaps the moving parts on the year-on-year margin bridge in the first quarter would be helpful to assess. I mean, did those kind of commodity inputs come through as expected? That one would be good to jump into.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. From a commodity perspective, we're tracking almost exactly the way that we thought we would. So we thought we would start the year right around this, call it, $100 a ton, sequentially increasing with a full year average of about $125 per ton. And so right now, we would say with what we saw in the first quarter on average plus where current prices are at $115 per ton. It's playing out exactly the way we thought it would. And so when you think about the margin cadence of that, in this quarter, it was a 60 basis point headwind. We think it's a relatively consistent headwind in Q2. That drops to, call it, a 20 basis point headwind in Q3 and then flip positive in Q4 at those levels.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Perfect. And one last quick one for me. I just want to make sure I understand this big special waste print in the quarter. I mean, are you guys saying that as a reflection of the cross-sell opportunity really coming through on the Environmental Solutions strategy?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Certainly in part. That's why you're going to see it. When you actually sell into the recycling and solid waste business, what you're going to see is that's where a good portion of it is going to come in. That's a lot of the volume aspect of it. But at the same time, we're seeing that -- again, we're talking about total revenue being up about 22%. It's a pretty good split between both price and volume. So it's a combination of both, and that's going to be a reflection again of just healthy activity, which includes the benefits of that cross-sell.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Understood. I appreciate the insight guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. I wanted to touch a little bit on the M&A environment. I think you noted that you expected to execute on. I think close to $500 million in M&A this year and not included in the guidance. So maybe if you just wanted to touch on what you've seen for the first quarter of the year and kind of any changes or expectations there? And I know you noted that a lot of those acquisitions is in the recycling and solid waste business. But what about more so in the specialty waste? Is that an opportunity this year as well?
Jon Vander Ark: So yes, we put out in our initial guidance. We anticipated spending $500 million. I think we'll exceed that number as we go throughout the year. We have a really attractive pipeline, both in recycling and solid waste and environmental solutions. And so I think you'll see some of those deals come across through the remainder of the year, and we get things are at different stages. We're all the way in the front end of conversations to the back end of letters of intent, and we report on things once we sign and close those deals. So you'll hear more in the second quarter. And the exact timing of where that flows between Q2, Q3 and Q4, obviously, we don't predict that because things can people forward or they can move out a few months here or there. The pipeline remains strong. I think both for '23 and all the way into '24 at this point. We feel really good about the pipeline.
Stephanie Moore: Got it. And then maybe touching back on the pricing and the cost environment as well. And you just noted on 2024. And obviously, a lot of things could happen between here and there. But how would you think about that just general structural spread cost between pricing cost as we move through 2024, given some of the maybe headwinds this year and what next year in theory could be a more normalized environment, if that exists anymore, but how would you view just how that spread has changed over time versus maybe historically?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, we remain committed to pricing ahead of our cost inflation to allow us to expand margins across the business. So we've talked about 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion that's kind of the pace that we go after, and that would be our initial ingoing assumption in 2024. Now a lot can change between now and then in terms of could we get more than that, if we can do that and maintain and improve the health of our overall business, we'll certainly do that, but more to come down the road here on 2024 perspective.
Stephanie Moore: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli Funds. Please go ahead.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks so much for the opportunity, a very nice quarter. Just a question on PFAS. Could you just sort of review, I know there's a lot of news, articles coming out about that right now and some potential rulings and some regulation coming out. Just maybe review what that potentially means for you in landfill cost structure, potential opportunities, maybe that would be helpful.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Very important regulation. And again, we're not opposed to regulation, we happen if it's well constructed, so we have a seat at that table. And we're involved in those conversations to make sure that we don't, as a company, or even an industry get penalized for something that we catch. We didn't create the problem. People should be happy that we've got the modern infrastructure and systems to protect the environment. Net-net, we see it as more of an opportunity over time, especially with our Environmental Solutions business and being able to serve customers. Could that have some elevated costs in our landfill, Yes, we've got a really good history of passing those types of costs, regulatory costs. on to customers. And so more to come on that as we move forward. But we're very much in the conversation and we'll be active in shaping the legislation in a way that it enhances the business versus penalizes the business.
Tony Bancroft: Thank you for that. And then I guess my second one, just on electrification. You touched on in your comments. Just maybe again, an update on that. You've talked about in the past, but how is that going? There's been some, I think people are talking about infrastructure issues and making it all sort of work. What's your view on? Is it on track? Is it off track? Or just maybe you could give us some thoughts on that.
Jon Vander Ark: Still very much on track. We've got more than 20 trucks right around the country right now that are electrified through multiple manufacturers. We talked about our Oshkosh partnership and that the first kind of bottoms up zero emission designed vehicle and excited about that. And that number of 20 will go north of 50 next year, by 2025, we'll have several hundred vehicles. And it is important. It's not just the vehicle, it's the system. So you need to have the infrastructure, you need to have understanding government regulations, you need to understand the incentives, and we've been working for years on those things and have multiple infrastructure projects already going on, anticipating where we're going to put vehicles in working closely with customers. So we feel we're on track. And listen, innovation is hard. There will be some bumps and twists and turns, but we're really, really confident that this is a product that the customers want to buy and that this is very viable, again, for us to operate in a way that enhances our business versus penalized.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks so much. Congratulations, Jon and team.
Operator: The next question comes from Tobey Sommer with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you. When you look at your M&A bogey for this year and you say you have pretty good visibility in the pipeline for next year as well. What does the pipeline look like in terms of distribution across your businesses? And has that changed as you've engaged in conversations.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, if you go back from 5 years ago, it certainly has changed when we were predominantly vastly recycling and solid waste player, and we've obviously grown the Environmental Solutions business to Del's point, right, that's still about 10% of the business broadly. The pipeline is probably an 80-20 mix of 80% recycling and solid waste and 20% environmental solutions. So that will grow faster just because there's more geographies to fill in. There's a few product lines to build out. So there's more kind of inherent growth in that in terms of our starting point. But the balance of the business will still be recycling and solid waste and feel really confident about that. In any given time period, that could ship a single deal could flip it to 80-20 in any given quarter. But if you look across a longer time horizon of 3 to 5 years, I think that 80-20 makes us a pretty good barometer.
Tobey Sommer: Right. Thank you. Year-to-date, if you look at your employee base, what has the trend been like in not just employee turnover or perhaps improved turnover and attrition rates, but also the heavy lift that it is to recruit and hire new ads and train them. Are both of those sides of the equation getting easier?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Turnover is down. Employee engagement is up from a very high watermark. So people are engaged, right, turnover is down, and this is the recruiting situation in the last 4 to 5 months has substantially improved, number of applicants per open rec, right has substantially improved. So there's still pockets of tightness around so it could be very geographically dependent. But from a broad-based macro level as the situation versus 6 months ago is substantially better.
Tobey Sommer: Is there room for continued improvement, or are we already at healthy metrics if you make a longer-term comparison more than just sort of the Great Recession in 6 month ago period.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We talked about turnover being below 2019 levels. We aspire to continue to grind that down kind of 30 to 50 basis points of product turnover long-term would be great for us. Turnover is never going to be zero people move and have changes in life circumstances, and there's always opportunity bringing new talent, but we'll look to bring that down. But we feel like right now, we're at a very healthy level and that we can continue to improve from here.
Tobey Sommer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Thank you. I'm wondering if you could talk about the performance in the quarter. So your margins were up about 2 points sequentially 1Q versus 4Q, which is a good bit better-than-normal seasonality? Is it possible to parse how much of that was price cost and the municipal solid waste part of the business. You mentioned the ESPs. I wonder if you could just flush out the rest of that bridge in terms of that performance versus normal seasonality?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Jerry, we mentioned sequentially the Environmental Solutions business improving 350 basis points. But also in the fourth quarter, remember, as we outperformed the year, we had heavier incentive compensation expense in the fourth quarter. So I would say there were some things that were more unique in Q4 as far as expenses are concerned off to a strong start this year. I think that's why you're seeing more of that sequential improvement. This year, we would expect just more normal seasonality and a Q4 that looks like what you've seen in the or 3 to 4 years as compared to what you saw last year from a margin perspective.
Jerry Revich: Super helpful. And then can I ask you, it feels like cost are stabilizing. Should we look for the price/cost gap sequentially to improve in the second quarter as a result of that dynamic?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. When we think about some of the cost inflation, we see some of the anniversarying, which is just a little bit more of when we saw some of those cost increase going into play last year. So yes, we start to anniversary some of those things in the second quarter. We started seeing a lot of that more on the wage side. We also start to see some of that modulate from a comp perspective on transportation costs beginning in the third and fourth quarter. So we would expect the inflation levels to decrease as we move sequentially. Again, it's not that we're seeing a significant price decrease in the current period. It's just that we're anniversarying the cost increase that went in the prior year.
Jerry Revich: Got it. And lastly, can I trouble share with us the incremental tailwinds to your business from the plastics and landfill gas investments that are scheduled to come online for '24 versus '23 and '25 versus '24. When do we get the most significant step up relative to the cadence?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So if you think about -- let me start with the plastic side on the polymer center. We start to see that in '24, start to layer in with, call it, $15 million or so of EBITDA, and then it really ramp up into 25 and into 26 and until you get to a run rate of, call it, somewhere in that $75 million plus type EBITDA range. When you take a look at from a gas perspective, again, most of that, you're starting to see, again, you start to see the first projects come online towards the end of '23. So most of the contribution coming in '24, you could see $25 million plus type of incremental EBITDA in '24 and then sequentially in a $15 million to $20 million per year until we get to that $100 million worth of total contribution by 2028.
Jerry Revich: Super appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just on Environmental Services, obviously, a good showing in Q1 here. You continue to make good progress. I get the sense earlier on when you acquired US Ecology, there was a fear that this business was more cyclical. Just wondering, as you cross-sell more and as you kind of pull this under the RSG umbrella, do you think it changes the cyclicality of that business? Like does the customer look at that service differently if they're also buying other RSG services? I know it's early days, but just wondering how that experience has been, just given the broader economy has been shaky here.
Jon Vander Ark: I think two things are true. When you're just predominantly a post-collections player, everything you see can look variable and cyclical because it could be a recurring revenue stream, but that provider might farm that out or source that out to a few different places looking for price. When you get closer to the generator, then you do you have control of that product. Now could they take that somewhere else, of course, they could over time. But when you provide excellent service and you have an integrated offering, you become stickier. And so huge opportunity that we're seeing right now to take things that might have looked more cyclical or volatile or variable to become more consistent and recurring in the revenue stream. That doesn't mean that will be 100% of it like we have in our current business. We have some of that base work. On the landfill side, we'll certainly have some of that. But over time, the profile will migrate closer to the recycling solid waste side.
Kevin Chiang: Okay. That's helpful. I apologize if this is somewhere in your release, but if I look at your organic growth composition, let's call it 80-20 split between yield and volume or price and volume. What would that look like today in your Environmental Services business, if I deconstruct the organic growth between volume and price. I apologize if I missed this earlier.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, I would probably say, it's probably relatively similar just from the perspective of some of these are project-related jobs. That being said, we've seen really good pricing in that business, but we've also just seen an increase of activity at the same time, which is really a function of now offering the most complete set of products and services in the space. So again, we're seeing a combination of both, and that's what's really driving the outsized revenue growth in that portion of the business.
Kevin Chiang: Thanks. Congrats on a great start to the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Mike Feniger: Hi, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. Brian, the growth on the ES side and now layering in the incremental EBITDA from plastic recycling and the landfill DAS in '24 and beyond. Does that change how we should be thinking about the free cash flow conversion and the improvement you guys are seeing there and potentially going forward?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, look, I mean, we said that rewind the clock 2, 3 years ago, and we were up high 30% free cash flow conversion company. We've moved that into the mid-40s, and we said we have line of sight into the high 40% and beyond. And we're working on these things. And again, those are some of the things that we're going to do in order to achieve that level of performance even while we're overcoming some headwinds to getting into that high 40% interest expense is a headwind to free cash flow conversion, the expiration of bonus depreciation, which is phasing out over the next 5 years. Those are all headwinds. And even in the face of those things, we think we can achieve that level of performance. And everything you just mentioned is the way we're going to get there.
Mike Feniger: Great. And I realize the regional banking crisis tightening lending standards is likely not an issue for you and your customers. Do you hear of any issues for some of your smaller regional competitors, ability to finance and buy new trucks, trying to expand. Just curious how the changed competitive dynamic or even some of the M&A opportunity going forward?
Jon Vander Ark: And I don't think we've seen that show up specifically. There's probably an example somewhere in our M&A pipeline. Of that being the case, I do think it's becoming more challenging, right? Because given supply chain challenges, because we got 90% of our trucks. If you were a spot buyer of trucks, you're in a really tough spot. You're going to be driving that truck, not as a matter of months, but a matter of years before you can get allocation on that. So digital, we've talked about that a number of times. That being the second moat in the business and our investments in that space and the ability to service customers and connect it to our operations and core systems, I think those are all things that make an attractive time for smaller players to sell.
Mike Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Michael E. Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, JVA. Hey, Del. Thanks. On the ES business, there's a bunch of pieces here. One, can you help fill in the gaps on what contributed to the 350 basis points sequentially. And then the idea of margin improving. I just want to make sure I understand mix. I mean, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong, but I thought about third of this was fixed asset disposals, so high margin and 2/3rds is sort of billable hour services that are good returns but lower margin. I'm trying to figure out where that mix goes in order to achieve the target that was suggested earlier in the call.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, Michael, first of all, I think that it's a little bit more, I would sit there and say in the 50-50 rather than the 30-70 between those two aspects of the business. I think you have a combination of things. First, let's talk about what happened sequentially. So we talked about price increases that we put in late in '22 as well as early '23. So a certain aspect of that was certainly timing. Also, as you just think about increasing utilization as we're actually achieving the cross-sell, some of that is that we're utilizing some excess capacity that's in that system. So it's the flow-through of that incremental revenue is at a very high margin. We're seeing the combination of the both. So Jon mentioned it when we were on the call, some of the way that we're going to get there is also just by scale. When you take a look at the size of our areas, when you take a look at our four areas, they're managing less revenue than their counterparts on the recycling and solid waste space, which gives us capacity to grow into that and leverage that SG&A. So we built that area structure to look a lot like the recycling and solid waste side, even though they're managing less revenue, which gives them opportunity to grow without adding any additional SG&A costs.
Jon Vander Ark: And Michael, on the field services side of the business, but some of that would be getting MSAs with large industrial customers who we know are going to have a set of projects throughout the year. They're going to be in different spots. But if you look over a 10-year period, you've got a relatively consistent demand profile of their level of project spend, cleanup, plant turnarounds, et cetera, when you have the MSA and the relationship, that revenue stream then starts to look very recurring versus it's just an event or a job.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And that's always been the secret challenge or challenge for the billable hours world as they struggle with utilization of their billable hour resource. So what I'm hearing you say is you're striking a balance on how to maximize that.
Jon Vander Ark: Correct.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. On the price cadence for the remainder of the year to get to the 55. Can you help us with the mix between open and restricted through the remainder of the year, so we sort of understand how to think about that, that gets us to the total of 5.5 million for the year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. We expect sequential increase into Q2 on the restricted portion of the book, and that kind of hit high watermark, and then it will decrease sequentially. Our expectation is it will decrease sequentially into Q3 and Q4. We think the high watermark on the open market is here in Q1, and it decreases sequentially but modestly. So again, I would sit there and as we talked about earlier, I guess, 60 days ago at this point that the spread between the high and the low by quarter is not that significant. Call it, 50, 60 basis points, plus or minus, from the midpoint, and that's what we would expect for the full year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And just to be clear, so I got these some of your numbers coming at us, high watermark for the beginning of the year, sorry, I'm flipping pages. There's 11.7 in the open and 5.4 for restricted.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, that is correct. That's on core price, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: That's core. Not yield. What was the yields?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Correct. Well, the yield in total, we don't break the yield up between the two. Yields in total with 7.4% on related revenue. On total revenue, it was 6.5%. And again, if you're building it into a most -- go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: No, no, go ahead, please. That's what I was going to ask.
Brian DelGhiaccio: I was going to say the reason we do, we break the two out that if you're building it on a model and you're using the base, the entire base period revenue probably have to use the total revenue number. Again, we disclosed the related revenue because we don't calculate price on all components of revenue. So again, if you want to get the true effectiveness of our pricing programs, that's why related revenue is applicable.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then, Jon, you made a comment earlier to an answer to your question, said 6%, and I missed, is that 6% inflation or you thought yield would maybe land at 6% by the end of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: No. We said cost inflation, we think, throughout the year, end up around 6%, [indiscernible] going into the year, 5.5%. So we're seeing a little elevation there, primarily here in the first and the second quarter. But again, we're pricing ahead of our expectations as well. So we're getting the performance that we expected, just a little bit different path to get there.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Which would suggest the guide of 5.5% probably works its way up to staying on top of that.
Jon Vander Ark: We'll update you in July.
Michael Hoffman: Had to try. See you in Orleans on the weekend. Thanks.
Operator: At this time, there appears to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Vaishnavi. I would like to thank our 40,000 employees for their commitment to deliver an essential service in the markets we serve. Our results are a direct reflection of the team's ongoing efforts to deliver best-in-class service to all our customers. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may all now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2022 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that cause actual results  that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 27, 2022. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and the discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republics website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republics management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Republic team finished the year strong by executing our strategy designed to profitably grow the business. We outpaced expectations throughout the year, delivering results that exceeded our full year guidance, even in the face of increased volatility in the broader marketplace. During 2022, we achieved revenue growth of 20%, including a 10% from acquisitions; delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of 16%; generated adjusted earnings per share of $4.93, which is an 18% increase over the prior year; and produced $1.74 billion of adjusted free cash flow, a 15% increase over the prior year. We continue to believe that investing in value-creating acquisitions is the best use of our free cash flow. We invested $2.7 billion in acquisitions in 2022, which includes the acquisition of US Ecology. The integration of US Ecology is going well, with cost synergies tracking ahead of plan. Revenue contribution from US Ecology outperformed our expectations by nearly $50 million for the year, with almost all of the overperformance occurring in the fourth quarter. We continue to adjust prices related to US Ecology and our broader Environmental Solutions business to better align with the capital invested and resources deployed. Pricing actions taken to date have been successful as our customers recognize the high value of service we provide. Additionally, we are building momentum cross-selling our complete set of products and services, with approximately $40 million in new sales to date. Aside from US Ecology, we invested $500 million in value-creating acquisitions during the year. All of these deals were in the recycling and solid waste space. As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we returned nearly $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Regarding Customer Zeal, we continue to enhance our culture of delivering a world-class customer experience to win new business and drive customer loyalty. Our customer retention rate remained strong at 94%, and we exited 2022 with our highest NPS scores of the year. We delivered outsized organic revenue growth during the fourth quarter, with simultaneous growth in both price and volume. Core price on related revenue increased to 8.4% and average yield on related revenue increased to 6.7%. This is the highest level of pricing in company history. Organic volume growth was 1.5%. Volume growth was broad-based across our market verticals and geographies. Moving to digital. In early 2022, we implemented the finance and procurement modules of our new ERP system, which streamline back-office activities and provide our local leaders with enhanced data. Currently, we are building our new asset management system, which is expected to increase maintenance technician productivity and drive better warranty recovery. We expect to implement the new asset management system beginning in 2024. We continue to make progress on deploying RISE tablets in our collection business. We finished the implementation for all large container and small container routes during 2022 and completed 37% of residential routes by the end of the year. The remaining residential routes are scheduled to be complete by mid-2023. This is a key component enabling further connectivity with our customers, including real-time service notification. The adoption of RISE has helped drive operational efficiencies and cost savings worth approximately $50 million annually. Sustainability is core to our strategy and one of our differentiating capabilities. We believe Republic Services is in a unique position to leverage sustainability as a platform for profitable growth, while making a positive impact on the environment. For example, our polymer centers are advancing circularity of plastics. This is the first time a single U.S. company will manage the plastic stream from current site collection to delivery of high-quality recycled content for consumer packaging. Development of the first center in Las Vegas is on track and is slated to come online in late 2023. Development of our second polymer center is already underway. This facility will be located in the Midwest and will serve as a hub for aggregating and processing recovered plastics in the region. This center should come online in late 2024. The investments we are making to develop these polymer centers is being absorbed through our normal capital expenditure process. Additionally, the development of our renewable natural gas projects is progressing well. All 57 of these projects are being co-developed with partners, with the majority structured as a joint venture. We expect 4 of these projects to come online by mid-2023. As part of our approach to sustainability, we continually strive to be a workplace where the best people from all backgrounds come to work. Employee engagement improved to a score of 85, with 97% participation. Turnover rates in the fourth quarter improved to the lowest level we've experienced in nearly two years. As a result, we are better staffed to capitalize on growth opportunities in the market. Our comprehensive sustainability performance continues to be widely recognized as Republic Services was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the seventh consecutive year. Our 2022 results clearly demonstrate our ability to create sustainable value and strengthens the foundation from which we will continue to grow our business. Looking forward, we expect to deliver high single-digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow in 2023, even with the headwinds from lower recycled commodity prices and higher interest rates. More specifically, we expect 2022 revenues in a range of $14.65 billion to $14.8 billion. This represents high single-digit growth compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $4.275 billion to $4.325 billion. This represents high single-digit to low double-digit growth compared to the prior year. We expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.15 to $5.23 and generate adjusted free cash flow in the range of $1.86 billion to $1.9 billion. Our acquisition pipeline continues to support outsized levels of activity in both Recycling and Solid Waste and Environmental Solutions. We are targeting at least $500 million of investment in value-creating acquisitions in2023. Our 2023 financial guidance includes a rollover contribution from acquisitions that closed in 2022. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter and year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Core price on total revenue was 7.4% for the fourth quarter. Core price on related revenue was 8.4%, which included open market pricing of 10.4% and restricted pricing of 5.1%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 11.8%, large container of 8.6%, and residential of 7.8%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.9%. Average yield on related revenue was 6.7%, an increase of 40 basis points when compared to our third quarter performance. In 2023, we expect average yield on total revenue of approximately 5.5%. We expect average yield on related revenue of approximately 6.5%. This is an increase of 80 basis points over our full year 2022 results. Fourth quarter volume increased 1.5%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 1.6%, an increase in large container of 60 basis points, an increase in residential of 1.2% and an increase in landfill of 3.9%. For 2023, we expect organic volume growth in a range of 50 basis points to 1%. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $88 per ton in the quarter. This compared to $218 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales decreased revenue by 180 basis points during the quarter. 2022 full year commodity prices were $170 per ton. This compared to $187 per ton in the prior year. Current commodity prices are approximately $95 per ton. We believe that current commodity prices are temporarily depressed due to a global supply/demand imbalance and that prices will recover in the second half of the year. Accordingly, we are assuming average recycled commodity prices of $125 per ton in 2023, with prices starting at $95 per ton in the first quarter and steadily increasing throughout the year. At $125 per ton, this would result in a decrease in full year 2023 revenue and EBITDA of $45 million when compared to the prior year and a 30 basis point headwind to EBITDA margin. In the first quarter of 2023, this would result in a year-on-year decrease of nearly $30 million in revenue and EBITDA and a 70 basis point headwind to EBITDA margin. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Fourth quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased approximately $320 million over the prior year, which primarily related to the acquisition of US Ecology. On a same-store basis, environmental solutions contributed 60 basis points to internal growth during the quarter. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.3%. This compares to 28.1% in the prior year. Margin performance during the quarter included a 130 basis point decrease from acquisitions, which included 100 basis points related to US Ecology, and an 80 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices. These margin headwinds were partially offset by a 20 basis point increase from net fuel and margin expansion in the underlying business of 110 basis points. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin in the Recycling and Solid Waste business was 28.7%. This compares to 28.6% margin in the prior year or 10 basis points of margin expansion. Margins improved in the Recycling and Solid Waste business even with an 80 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices. Fourth quarter SG&A expenses, excluding transaction costs from US Ecology, were 10.9% of revenue. This included 40 basis points from additional incentive compensation expense due to full year financial outperformance. Full year SG&A expenses were 10.2% of revenue. This was favorable 20 basis points compared to the prior year and reflects continued cost management as we grow the business. In 2023, we expect EBITDA margin to be approximately 29.2%. The 10 basis points of expected margin expansion include a 40 basis point decline related to acquisitions, primarily related to US Ecology, and a 30 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices. These headwinds are more than offset by margin expansion in the underlying business of 80 basis points. While we expect full year expansion compared to the prior year, margins are expected to be down in the first half due to the impact of acquisition rollover and recycled commodity prices. This is most notable in the first quarter where these headwinds impact margin by a combined 210 basis points. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was 10.7% of revenue in 2022 and is expected to be relatively consistent at 10.8% of revenue in 2023. Full year 2022 adjusted free cash flow was $1.74 billion, an increase of 15% compared to the prior year. This was driven by EBITDA growth in the business. For 2023, we are projecting adjusted free cash flow in a range of $1.86 billion to $1.9 billion or approximately 8% growth at the midpoint. We believe this level of performance is very strong given the expected impact from lower recycled commodity prices, higher interest rates, and higher cash taxes as bonus depreciation begins to unwind. Total debt at the end of the year was $11.9 billion, and total liquidity was $1.7 billion. Floating debt interest rates consistently increased throughout 2022, and we now expect net interest expense of approximately$480 million in 2023. This is an increase of approximately $90 million compared to the prior year. As a reminder, a 1% increase in interest rates results in approximately $33 million of additional interest expense. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was approximately 3.1 times. We expect to revert to three times leverage by mid-2023. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and non-cash charges from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 26.1% during the fourth quarter and 25.1% for the full year. This lower than anticipated tax rate resulted in a $0.06 benefit to our full year 2022 EPS. We expect an equivalent tax impact of approximately 26% in 2023, made up of an adjusted effective tax rate of 20% and approximately $170 million of noncash charges from solar investments. Finally, we expect a majority of the EPS growth in 2023 to be back-end loaded. This results from having the toughest prior year comparisons on recycled commodity prices, interest rates, and taxes during the first half of the year. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Brian, so obviously, pricing really strong here. I think full year pricing in the open market would stay just over 9% in the restricted piece, call it, 4.5%. But I am curious if we were to kind of decompose that next year, how those numbers would look? Will we kind of see a convergence in those two? Or could we actually see the restricted pricing lead with all the CPI lookbacks?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, we would actually expect the restricted pricing to increase from the levels of where it is in the fourth quarter. So, again, on related revenue, it was 5.1% restricted in the fourth quarter. And we would expect that to improve 50 to 100 basis points in 2023. But we do expect the level of pricing to be driven by the open market, similar to what you've seen in 2022 and, for that matter, the prior years as well.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then on the shape of kind of how the yields will progress, will we have a more, I'm going to call it, historically normal cadence where pricing -- and I'm talking total pricing, say, above 5.5% and then it tapers off below 5.5% as the year finishes out?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Listen, I guess you're talking about then on total revenue, so I'll give you that piece. So, yes, it starts highest -- actually, our high watermark is in the first quarter based on our expectations. And then it sequentially declines from there, but we're expecting that pricing remains above 5% in all quarters.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. All right. That's helpful. And just real quick, how much M&A rollover is in the guide? And just to be crystal clear, the $0.5 billion that you expect to spend, none of that is included in guidance. Is that right?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, I'll answer your second question first. That is correct. We have not included that. So, what is included are deals that closed by the end of the year. It's $440 million worth of revenue or 300 basis points of growth, that's the rollover, and most of that being US Ecology.
Tyler Brown: Right, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the questions. So, with the US Ecology outperformance of $50 million, can you give us a breakdown of how much of that outperformance was price versus volume? And then maybe you can tell us what you're expecting in terms of ES segment growth specifically for 2023.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, it was a mix of both price and volume, but more pricing to come, right? We've taken a lot of pricing action, but we still have some contracted portion of that business and fully seen that. So, you're seeing both the cross-sell that we talked about, and you're seeing the pricing hit with really strong performance. And the plans for 2023, that business is performing ahead of our plan, more broadly both the US Ecology acquisition and the broader ES space, I think, is going to be a very positive contributor.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, if you think about -- Noah, I was just going to add. A good portion of the growth, right, that you're going to see year-over-year is coming vis--vis the acquisition rollover. But if you think about total contribution from an organic perspective, right, we're expecting 50 basis points on total revenue. So, that's about, call it, $70 million, and that would be just at the point when US Ecology anniversaries forward. So, that's still kind of a high single-digit type organic growth.
Noah Kaye: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then since you mentioned the synergies were tracking ahead of plan, can you quantify that for us? And I guess, any chance you could give us an updated cost synergies number as to where you think this will get to within the timeframe?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, just to give you an idea, when we actually provided the guidance when we closed the deal, we said we thought we'd get about $5 million worth of synergies in 2022. We actually got closer to $13 million, $14 million. So, you can see nice outperformance there. And a lot of that was just actually getting the integration activities done quicker than we originally anticipated.
Jon Vander Ark: And we said total synergies would be $40 million, cost synergy would be $40 million. I think that number wound up closer to $50 million.
Noah Kaye: Perfect. I'll give it back. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Spracklin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Yes. Thanks very much. Good afternoon everyone. I want to just focus on the M&A there in the $500 million guide. What drives your target for $500 million? Is that on a leverage basis that you'd like to keep yourselves close to? Or is it more just your best guess as to what kind of deals in your -- in the target areas that you want to do are available in 2023?
Jon Vander Ark: I'd say it is based on a passionate view about intrinsic value, right, and driving intrinsic value over time and conservatism, right? So, we never want to put out a number that people go and they have to hit, and therefore, we start chasing deals. So, I want the team to feel comfortable at any point in time passing on a given deal because it doesn't mean a return criteria or there's a set of terms or business conditions or practices that we're not going to want to be owners of over time. And so I think we've always put out a number over the last three or four years, I think you've seen a pretty steady beat against that number. My expectations for the team, I think, are slightly higher than that. But we always want, again, put out a conservative numbers the team feels no pressure to reach.
Walter Spracklin: And has there been any shift in valuations, be it with higher interest rates, be it with more deals having been done? Is there more difficulty? Is there -- has valuations come off? Has availability changed? In other words, the pipeline that you look at going into 2023, is it very much different than what you saw in 2022, excluding obviously, US Ecology?
Jon Vander Ark: No, pipeline is very strong. We've got a mix of small- and medium-sized deals across Recycling and Solid Waste and ES, right, and that's kind of at different stages in the process and feel good about that. The premiums or the multiples are still kind of hanging in the same ZIP Code because we're looking at premium assets. We're not just buying revenue. We're very particular buyers, and we want to get something that's quality. And one of the first questions one has asked is why would we do this ourselves? And if it's something like a residential subscription business or a temporary roll-off business, we should go get that with our sales team, not pay a premium for that. So, we're looking for infrastructure. We're looking for route-based businesses with customer contracts that we know that we will integrate in the business and drive value over time.
Walter Spracklin: Okay. And just the last one here. Just on your guidance, I know you had, had a double-digit in there. You kind of walked it back last quarter. You've kind of brought it back again confidently here this quarter. Just what's changed your view here that gives you the confidence behind this guide, that you perhaps kind of didn't have when you had the third quarter report?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, maybe a slightly different view of the history, right? We never gave an official guidance. We said we had line of sight at one point to double-digit, right? That was in a different commodity price environment. And so given the commodity market being depressed for six to nine months, that certainly gave us a different outlook, right, just based on the math of the commodity prices. And I think we've talked about here a high single-digit number going forward. Now, if we end up doing more M&A early in the year and that has the year impact and we get to double-digits, we certainly could, but I think we've been pretty consistent with how we've approached it.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And the other thing I would just add to that as well is that on the October call, we said that we've got a perspective that we're going to achieve high single-digit growth. And if you look at the midpoint of everything we put out there, it's high single-digit growth. So, to Jon's point, I would sit there and say it is exactly in line with where we thought we would be in October.
Walter Spracklin: Fair enough. Thats all my questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. I wanted to ask first on capital expenditures. I know 4Q is usually sometimes seasonally high, and this quarter seemed maybe particularly high. I was wondering if that was related to the asset management system in the polymer centers, or if there was something else in there. And how we should be thinking about CapEx for 2023?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly investing to grow the business, right? We're always disciplined but never afraid to spend that money. One of the bigger drivers of that was the second polymer center that we're putting in the Midwest. We just -- we've seen so much demand for the offtake of our first one that gives us a lot of confidence that the market is really getting value and need that product. And the returns in our business case, we think, are going to be north of what we originally pro forma-ed. So, that gave us the confidence to accelerate that investment moving forward.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, and the other thing is, we talked that there were some supply chain disruptions throughout the year, impacted things like trucks and some of the heavy equipment. And we actually were able to take or seed, take title of those assets in the fourth quarter. So, as you think about building the 2023 plan, most likely, we'll be more back-end loaded like you've seen in the last couple of years, but maybe not to the extent that you saw in 2022.
Toni Kaplan: Super helpful. And I wanted to ask on volumes. I know you gave the 50 to 100 basis points for 2023 of volume. I wanted to just ask sort of what you're seeing with regard to commercial and industrial. I know some of your competitors talked about like a little bit of a softness in 4Q, but maybe a little bit better in January. I wanted to hear your experience on that.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, there's different moving pieces for sure. Obviously, there's been a little bit of a slowdown in the construction market as you've seen housing starts kind of pull back in the second half of last year, and we've certainly baked in some softening of that into the 2023 environment. But listen, the industrial market is very, very strong right now, right? You saw the consumer number this morning. I mean the consumer is engaged. So, we still see lots of economic activity. Travel and leisure, right, is kind of bursting at the seams. So, we remain mindful, right, that there's certainly recession talks on the environment, but we're a pretty broad-based barometer of the economy, and we're seeing a lot of strength right now.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And even though we're seeing a little bit of softness on some of the construction activity, we're still seeing above-average price. If you take a look in the temporary large container business, we're nearly 9%priced during the fourth quarter.
Toni Kaplan: Sure. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang of CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Thank you operator and good afternoon everybody. I was just wondering, when you talk about the pricing initiatives within ES, just wondering what percentage of your revenue do you think you need to reprice to get to the levels you wanted? And how long do you think it takes to kind of get through all of that?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, we'll look at every dollar of revenue on every customer and really try to understand -- again, we look at pricing with two lens. One is, from a customer and an insight standpoint, right, what does the market bear? What does our offer have from a value standpoint versus our competitors? And then we also want to look on the internal side and say, what is our cost? We're including a capital charge and make sure that we're getting a fair return on that. And so we're going to go systematically through every customer and every dollar of revenue. And I think the encouraging thing is we put out some double-digit price increases, and we're seeing it stick, right? Customers are really valuing the integrated offering. And keep in mind, whatever they spend with us is a very small percentage of their cost structure. And so safety and speed and sustainability and our digital tools and all those things that we're investing in, right, those are big differentiators that allow that price to stick.
Kevin Chiang: All right. That makes a ton of sense. And then I apologize if you've given this number before, but when you look out longer term and you're through some of the cost synergies and some of the revenue upside opportunities, do you have a targeted ES adjusted EBITDA margin that you're thinking about? You did 17.5%in -- or roughly 17.5% in 2022. Does this get to the mid-20s when you're kind of through many of these initiatives?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think what we're -- listen, over time, long-term, I think these businesses converge in terms of returns. I think you'll get free cash flow conversion to get there first because this is a slightly different OpEx-CapEx trade-off in this part of the business. And then over time, I think -- for a longer period of time, I think getting the margin to converge, I don't think is out of sight or out of reach as well. Now, that's not going to happen overnight, right? We are going to kind of ratably, right, systematically take this up. So, I think the goal in the next four or five years to get that in the mid-20s is very reachable.
Kevin Chiang: Excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, thank you very much Jon and Brian, Aaron for taking the questions. Brian are we at about a $1.6 billion run rate in ES revenues when I roll in the M&A? And then what does that$1.6 billion grow organically? I just trying to put all the pieces together from your transcript, and I think I have myself a little confused.
Brian DelGhiaccio: We're probably closer, Michael, to -- in the $1.5 billion range, a little over $1.5 billion. But organically, like I said earlier, we're thinking that's a 7% to 8% organic type grower here in the near term, and with opportunities for even some of the additional cross-sell opportunities to be additive to that.
Michael Hoffman: So -- okay. So, the following that then, in your margin for the whole year, 29.2%, what do you think the Solid Waste business and the Environmental Services business do individually to merge together?
Brian DelGhiaccio: So, in the Recycling and Solid Waste business, we're expecting overall about 30 basis points of margin expansion, right? And in that business, we have to overcome the 30 basis point headwind from commodity prices. So, the underlying business is growing kind of 60 to 70 basis points. Now, in the Environmental Solutions business, we're expecting 100 basis points of margin improvement, and there is the acquisition roll over of US Ecology, which is kind of a negative 70 on that portion when you compare it to what we had in the Gulf. So, we're expecting margin expansion in the underlying business thereof 170 basis points. The reason why that only comes to 10 basis points overall is we just have a greater mix or a greater percentage of ES business in 2023 than we did in 2022.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Yes, I get that. And then can you bridge for us the $1.724 billion of free cash in 2022 to get to the midpoint of your guide? What is the cash interest, the cash tax, the incentive comp above plan? And then I'm assuming everything else is made up by organic growth productivity.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Yes, let me give you a couple of pieces of that, certainly. So, interest -- and I'm going to give you some pre-tax numbers. And for argument's sake, you can just sit there and take, call it, 70% of it. You do the after-tax. But interest up $90 million, right? So, that's an increased outflow there. Incentive comp is about a $35 million outflow compared to target levels. And then bonus depreciation, you wouldn't tax effect the impact of bonus depreciation, but that's about a $35 million increase in cash taxes.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then--
Brian DelGhiaccio: So, when you take all those pieces, that creates -- now I'm going to kind of flip a little bit to conversion, and that creates, call it, about a 300 basis point headwind to conversion, all of which being offset by just the EBITDA growth in the business as well as some benefits in working capital, some of those benefits being unlocked. We talked about finishing the finance and procurement modules during 2022, and we think that there's an opportunity, in particular, on the DPO side to drive improvements in working capital.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then just squeezing one in, sorry. The $125 per ton, how much of that has to rely on OCC moving? And what would your target be for OCC to make the $125 in your guide?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, I mean, just to put it in perspective, right, OCC, fiber, right, represents about 70% of our basket of goods, right? So, most of this, we are expecting to come more on the OCC side. But even just to put it into --all of it into perspective, if you take a look at what we're expecting from a guide perspective compared to current prices, it's a relatively modest recovery, right? That's $30 million worth of EBITDA and about 20 basis points to margin, $20 million of free cash flow, if things were to stay at current levels.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Good afternoon and good evening everyone. Brian, if we just go back to your margin cadence discussion, the headwinds in the first quarter, really, the first half, that implies we're going to be exiting the fourth quarter of 2023 with margins up something like 150 basis points year-over-year heading into 2024. So, I'm wondering, are we setting up for 2024 to be an outsized margin expansion year because we're essentially making up for a lost year from a commodity price impact in 2023? Anything that you'd add to that bridge as we think about what the margin progression might look like.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure. And a couple of things, Jerry. I mean, you've got two variables, right, when you take a look at that. You have the -- what we're expecting in 2023, but also what happened in 2022, right? So, we're expecting commodity prices in 2023 to be at the highest point of the year. They were at the lowest point in 2022, so you can't just go to the margin expansion. But yes, exiting the year in 2024, we think it's going to be kind of a nice jump-off point heading into 2024. But I wouldn't just look at the overall margin expansion because you've got two years in your math there that you got to take into consideration.
Jerry Revich: Sure. But you're going to have the same comp benefit in the first half of 2024, hopefully. And if we think about the profitability of the recycling business in the fourth quarter with this ultra-low recycled cardboard prices. Can you just update us on what was the margin profile of the business, roughly, just so we can get a feel for where it's troughing in the cycle, given all the work you've done there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: You're talking about on the recycling side of the business?
Jerry Revich: Yes.
Brian DelGhiaccio: It's still a profitable business at these levels and still an attractive return. So, again, we would expect -- through the cycle, we talked about we expect these depressed prices to be somewhat transitory and, again, return closer in line to a 10-year average. Not even back to the levels it was when it was over $200 a ton on our basket of goods.
Jerry Revich: Super. And can I ask around the gas part of the business? Nice little bonus we got from the EPA in terms of eRINs. How much gas to electric power do you folks generate in terms of your share of the power that you generate? And what's your take on what's a reasonable value capture opportunity for you and your peers?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Of our existing projects, the vast majority are gas electricity. Now the -- where RINs have gone, all of the new projects in the pipeline were contemplated to be gas powered and/or methane RNG. The great news with our partnership with BP, we've got option value, right? eRINs coming online. And we're both very open-minded to understanding where those markets move and the local geography and even places where we make power on fleet to figure out whether we want to convert some of those opportunities rather than RNG to go to electricity as well. But we see it as, over time, a benefit for us because it will have two pathways.
Jerry Revich: I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you very much. My question is regarding residential volumes that have inched up here in the last couple of quarters. Is that a trend you expect to continue this year? And when you look at that 1% overall midpoint volume outlook, does that contemplate commercial container volumes being flat or negative at any point in 2023?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, I mean what you're seeing mostly on the residential is some relatively larger contracts. You're seeing that in the numbers. So that's expected to anniversary in 2023. So, we don't expect that to continue throughout the year. And yes, when you take a look at our volume cadence, we expect that small container will remain positive, right, throughout 2023. When you take a look at overall volumes, we think to have our highest volume performance early in the year. And again, that's a step down throughout but remaining positive in all 4 quarters.
Jon Vander Ark: I'd say residential, that's been, I'd say, over the last decade, the most disappointing part of the business in terms of where margin and return has gone and that hasn't expanded at the same rate as the other businesses. There's a lot of reasons for that, with commodity prices and inflation and everything else. But listen, we don't do work for free, right? We put upward pressure, right, on all those contracts and look at those contracts just like we were an acquisition, right? We're going to put capital into it and what type of return do we get against that. And if we can't meet our return thresholds on that, we won't do the work.
David Manthey: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kyle White of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hey good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just curious what you're seeing on open market pricing heading into 2023 as inflation starts to come down and maybe there's a bit more uncertainty regarding economy and volumes going forward. Are you seeing any change in behavior from maybe some of the smaller competitors in this environment relative to last year?
Jon Vander Ark: No, last year, we put out the highest level of pricing we ever have in small container in the open market, and we had the highest percentage of retention of that price that we've ever had in our history, which is really a staggering number. I think it speaks to, right, the value of our service that we're providing. It also speaks to the broader context with everything else in plating. Those numbers were quite consistent across the quarters, right, in terms of our ability to retain price, right? And we're seeing strength here in the early part of the year on that. So, we're mindful of the environment. But look, at all of these smaller competitors, right, they have truck costs that are going up. They need to buy new equipment after some supply chain challenges, right? They have labor costs that are going up. So, they need the price to cover their costs, which I think is support of a broader pricing environment.
Kyle White: Yes, that makes sense. And then on leverage, how are you thinking about leverage in this environment? What's sort of the right target for you before investors should expect meaningful capital return through buybacks?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, we've talked about kind of that sweet spot for us being right around three times. We're a little bit over that right now, but we expect to be there in the next, call it, six months, at which point then we would look to kind of return to that normal level of looking at the repurchases and so on and so forth.
Kyle White: Sounds good. I'll turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. I certainly appreciate the level of details of your 2023 expectations. I think a lot of puts and takes in this environment. So it might be helpful if you could just outline the areas where you kind of see the greatest source of upside, inflation moderating, some tech investments. And then on the flip side, where you see the greatest risk to maybe hitting these targets as well? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, from an upside perspective, and we mentioned this earlier, is that we are expecting inflation to remain persistent throughout 2023. And so again, Jon just talked about the fact that we're pricing at higher levels in 2023 -- early in 2023 than we did even in 2022 because we expect inflation to remain sticky. So if that does come down, that is certainly an opportunity in order to sit there and to drive better performance than we anticipated. But you do have to remember, some of that inflation on wages, and wages typically go in annually. So, once you put that wage out in the marketplace, you're not pulling that back. So, there is some stickiness to the inflation, but certainly, as it relates to some third-party costs, some of the maintenance-related expenses, transportation expenses. If those come in, that would certainly be a source of upside.
Stephanie Moore: Great. And then on the downside?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sorry. We just talked a little bit about recycled commodity prices. Again, we've expected a recovery, but we've also dimensionalized it for you so you realize it's a relatively modest recovery that we're expecting. But if they stay at current levels, that would be a little bit of some downside relative to our expectations.
Jon Vander Ark: And I just said the broader macro environment, obviously, we've been through a pandemic and war at the doorstep of Europe and China virtually shutting down and supply chain challenges and inflation. So, I think we're prepared for uncertainty in a dynamic environment. Again, we're running the business, not just for the quarter or the year, we're running it through the cycle and making decisions accordingly. But we're mindful that we may have to adjust or adapt the business if do things emerge.
Stephanie Moore: Absolutely. And then just on the second polymer center going up, starting to go up this year. Maybe you could talk a little bit about some of the initial KPIs or returns you're seeing from -- or expect to see just given the demand from your first center and kind of what drove you to decide to open up the second here.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, across, we think we're going to have at least 4 centers across the U.S. We think when they all get up and running at scale, it's kind of a $250 million incremental revenue business for us. We think the EBITDA margins are going to be certainly north of 30%, right? Very attractive IRRs on those investments, and I think we're going to beat that pro forma, right? And we know from the conversations we've had and the pricing that we're getting right now, we're starting to take orders, obviously, for the center in Las Vegas. I'm very confident we're going to beat those numbers in the pro forma.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I understand that you guys have been pricing ahead of cost, and there's been a lot more discipline in the industry. But is there like a step function change in terms of how Republic is pricing from a few years ago? I mean, you guys went through some years of intentional shedding some business. I'm just wondering if the quality of the business now, you feel that you can have a wider price versus cost spread than maybe the Republic Services a few years ago?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think it's a good question, Michael. Certainly, and you highlighted it. Certainly, customer mix is a hidden element or hidden factor in being able to get price. And we went through some intentional shedding, right, which has negative drag on our volume for a few quarters when you look a few years back. The quality of our revenue is much higher than it was historically, and we feel good about that. And that's all the way across from national accounts to small container to getting out the last remain broker work out of the system to municipal and getting a fair escalator into those contracts. So, I think the overall health of our pricing across the portfolio, well, not perfect, of course, but it's much, much better than it was a few years ago. And then you combine that with the capture and the tools that we have to really start to grind out a few extra bps here and there across our 13 million customers, who have understanding and willingness to pay. And then on the other side of that, with the RISE platform, driving productivity and changing our cost position in the business. So, when you've got a healthier customer mix, right, and better ability to price with a cost structure that I think is healthy and getting healthier. I think that does create the context for continued margin expansion over time.
Michael Feniger: Great. And Brian, you touched on it with the question earlier, but just to dig a little deeper. Can you actually talk about the cost inflation, how that kind of trended through the fourth quarter and what you're seeing in early 2023? What you guys are kind of embedding there? Because I think you're saying you're not really embedding a rollover there. Just curious what you actually saw through the quarter in early 2023 that we'll kind of expect or what you guys are at least embedding in the guidance there? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, if you think about for the full year for 2023, we're in that, call it, 5% to 5.5% inflation-type range. And again, when you take a look at the 6.5% expected yield on related revenue, that's how we're driving that 80 basis points or so of expansion in the underlying business. That's about the level we saw exiting the fourth quarter, and we expect it to remain relatively consistent throughout 2023.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Andrea. I would like to thank our 40,000 employees for their efforts that enabled our strong 2022 results. The success of our strategic investments is made possible due to their hard work and commitment to serving our customers. Have a good evening and be safe.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2022 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter 2022 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that cause actual results  that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 27, 2022. Please note that this call is property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and the discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are available on Republics website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republics management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our strong results in the third quarter demonstrate our ability to profitably grow the business and effectively manage our cost structure even with increased volatility in the broader marketplace. Cost pressures remain elevated and more persistent than we originally anticipated. In the face of those cost headwinds, we are leveraging our tools and technology to price ahead of cost inflation and drive margin expansion in the underlying business. From our perspective, customer demand remains strong and supportive of continued volume growth. The sound fundamentals in our business, together with a laser focus on the customer, position us well to capitalize on growth opportunities in the market. During the third quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 23%, including over 12% from acquisitions; generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.34, which is a 20% increase over the prior year; and produced more than $1.6 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis, a 23% increase over the prior year. We remain confident that investing in value-creating acquisitions is the highest and best use of our cash flow. Year-to-date, we invested $2.6 billion of acquisitions, which includes the acquisition of US Ecology. The integration of US Ecology is progressing as planned and we remain confident that we will achieve at least $40 million of cost synergies. Our initial pricing actions have been successful. We will continue to increase prices to ensure that all stages of the value chain earn an appropriate return. We are also gaining traction cross-selling our products and services, achieving over $25 million in new sales to-date. Apart from US Ecology, we have invested over $400 million of acquisitions this year. Substantially, all of these deals are in the recycling and solid waste space. Our robust acquisition pipeline continues to support outsized levels of activity over the coming years. Year-to-date, we returned $640 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We continue to invest for the future and advance our strategic initiatives to build distinctive capabilities in customers yield, digital and sustainability. With respect to customers yield, we delivered organic volume growth of 2.2% during the third quarter. Volume growth was broad-based across our market verticals and geographies. We also demonstrated our ongoing ability to price in excess of underlying cost inflation. Floor price increased to 6.9% and average yield increased to 5.6%. This is the highest level of pricing in company history. Moving on to our digital capabilities. The team continues to advance the implementation of digital tools and improve the experience for both customers and employees. Our proprietary RISE tablets have been fully deployed across our large and small container route and deployment to residential route is 26% complete. The remaining residential routes are on track for completion by mid-2023. We have also launched Track My Truck. This technology connects the customer to their large and small container truck utilizing a GPS-enabled RISE tablet. This is a major milestone that serves as a foundation for further digital offerings to our customers. As it relates to sustainability, development of our renewable gas projects remains on track. We expect the first tranche of these projects related to our joint venture to come online beginning in late 2023. We are pleased to work with BP on these RNG projects, who recently announced its intent to acquire Archaea. This provides additional opportunities to work together on decarbonization and environmental services initiatives. Regarding polymer centers, we are accelerating the development of these projects and now expect to invest an additional $40 million of capital this year to start working on future locations. Finally, our company values guide everything we do. I am proud of our recent certification as a Great Place To Work for the sixth consecutive year. This is a significant achievement as employee retention and recruiting remains a top priority in todays market. I will now turn the call over to Brian, who will provide details on the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price during the third quarter was 6.9%, which included open market pricing of 8.7% and restricted pricing of 4%. The components of core price included small container of 10.7%, large container of 7.6% and residential of 6.7%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.6%, an increase of 60 basis points when compared to our second quarter performance. Average yield on related revenue was 6.3%. The team continues to dynamically adjust price on new and existing business to offset higher levels of inflation in our operating costs and capital expenditures. Third quarter volume increased 2.2%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 2.3%, an increase in large container of 1.7% and an increase in landfill of 6.8%. Our customer retention rate remained strong at over 94%. Moving on to recycling, commodity prices were $162 per ton in the quarter. This compares to $230 per ton in the prior year. Recycling, processing and commodity sales were a 130 basis point headwind to internal growth during the quarter. We are now forecasting fourth quarter commodity prices to be approximately $90 per ton. This would result in a full year average commodity price of $165 per ton. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business, third quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $343 million over the prior year, which primarily relates to the acquisition of US Ecology. On a same-store basis, Environmental Solutions contributed 60 basis points to internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the Environmental Solutions business was 18.7%, a sequential increase of 160 basis points. This includes our existing operations in the Gulf and Northeast, together with the addition of US Ecology. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin for the third quarter was 29.2%. This compares to 30.5% in the prior year. Margin performance during the quarter included a 150 basis point decrease from acquisitions, including 90 basis points related to US Ecology and a 40 basis point headwind from lower commodity prices. These margin headwinds were partially offset by a 10 basis point increase from net fuel and underlying margin expansion of 50 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the Recycling and Solid Waste business was 30.5%. SG&A expenses, excluding transaction costs from US Ecology, were 9.8% of revenue. This is a 30 basis point improvement over the prior year and reflects continued cost management as we grow the business. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.67 billion, an increase of $309 million or 23% compared to the prior year. This was driven almost exclusively by EBITDA growth in the business. Similar to prior years, we expect to spend a disproportionate amount of our full year CapEx and cash taxes during the fourth quarter. Year-to-date, net capital expenditures of $808 million represents a little more than half of our projected full year spend. And year-to-date, adjusted cash taxes of $115 million represents 50% of our projected full year spend. Total debt was $11.8 billion and total liquidity was $1.9 billion. Variable interest rates on our debt increased 1% during the third quarter and an additional 50 basis points in October. As a reminder, a 1% increase in interest rates results in $36 million of additional annual interest expense. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 3.2x. We expect to revert to 3x leverage by mid-2023. With respect to taxes. Our combined tax rate and non-cash charges from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25.1% during the third quarter and 24.8% on a year-to-date basis. We expect an equivalent tax impact in a range of 28% to 29% in the fourth quarter and an equivalent tax impact of just under 26% for the year. I will now turn the call back over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: We are proud of the results we delivered during the third quarter, which exceeded our expectations. Stronger contribution from price more than offset persistent cost inflation, which we have seen stabilized, but not retreat from elevated levels. That said we remain comfortable with our full year financial guidance we provided in July even with the recent drop in recycled commodity prices and increase in interest rate. Looking forward to 2023, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Recent decreases in recycled commodity prices, increased interest rates and rising fuel costs will have a direct impact on our business. While these headwinds may modulate our performance expectations, we remain confident in our ability to price ahead of cost inflation. We still expect to deliver above-average levels of growth in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We plan to provide detailed 2023 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys. Hey, Jon, I just wanted to start on US Ecology, curious how things are progressing there. It sounds like your September price type stuff. But can you just talk about how that action was received in the market and did that cover both disposal and field services?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Integration broadly is going well. I am really happy with what we purchased in terms of certainly the asset quality and also the people and culture and capabilities. And we are able to do a lot of the integration planning work ahead of the close so that we have got a team thats hit the ground running and I think the results are certainly showing that. Yes, we did put in the pricing action that was on the disposal side of the business, where we start there. We have certainly taken some more tactical pricing actions on the field services side and we have seen no degradation in volume from that. So, the market has been very receptive to that. I think it fulfills our thesis that these assets and services have a lot of value to customers. And if you provide great work, they are willing to certainly pay a fair price and we will be continuing with pricing actions into 2023 and beyond to make sure that we are getting positive returns in every stage of the value chain.
Tyler Brown: Okay, good deal. Yes, thats helpful. And then on the pricing side, obviously, another good print, but I am curious about a couple of things. Number one, do you think that the 6.9% that you posted this quarter could be the high watermark? As we look to 23, what do you think that 50% of the book thats restricted? What do you think that you will see on pricing in that piece as we look to 23?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think the  we will get a little momentum here in the second half  on our ship side in the first half of next year, that will be 4.5% or north of 4.5%, we think, just based on the roll through of where the all the different indices that we have at this point start to hit.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And Tyler, just to put that into context, in the third quarter, the restricted pricing was 4% and in Q2, that number was 35%. So, you can see the nice acceleration as we move forward.
Tyler Brown: Yes, perfect. Okay. And then last one, just on the acquisition drag, I think, Brian, did you say 150 basis points, why was that so big?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, you have the combination of US Ecology was $90 million of the $150 million. We also have some of the environmental solutions transactions that we did late Q3 of last year. So, most of that, the other $60 million, starts anniversarying in the fourth quarter.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Alright, perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. First, I wanted to ask about the strong volume that we have been seeing this year. I wanted to ask about your view on the sustainability of that. I think its been progressively maybe coming down, but I think overall fairly good. So I just wanted to ask about that?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Volume remains strong certainly in our recurring side of the business, but also in the places that are more transactional like special waste and temporary large container. We are still supply-constrained there and thats still broad-based. Now as we think into next year, right, we are planning on those growth rates modulating a bit just because we are reading the same things you all are around some economic pullback. But frankly, I would have expected to see some of that already. We remain very, very positive in that volume environment right now.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And all the demand signals that we watch as far as new business, new business and the small container business continues to exceed lost business and service increases are exceeding service decreases. So the demand is definitely there.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. And on the OCC, I know you mentioned the expectation for, I should say, commodity basket, you mentioned the $90 a ton for 4Q. Is the sensitivity that you give in the filings, the $10 million impact to revenue and profitability for $10 a ton, is that fair  like is that going to still hold for this or is there a sensitivity on certain levels of where it is? And also, if you could help us think about the main components within the basket? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. No, that sensitivity will hold, right? So right now, if we were to sit there and look at $90 a ton, if that held true for all of 23 compared to the $165 average that were projecting for 22, that would be a decrease of about $75 million of both revenue and EBITDA on the commodity line item.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the question. Can I follow-up on that one. So the $75 million theoretically of revenue flowing right to EBITDA on the commodity line item, can you talk about offsets to that in terms of processing fees or other structures you have? I know youve done a lot of work to delink the commodity exposure. So any clarification you can provide there would be helpful.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. No, thats a net number. So if you remember, if you go back and look at our filings a couple of years ago, the sensitivity to a $10 change was $20 million. So weve cut that in half, and thats by being able to go in and actually share, right, in that volatility with the customer. So thats where you really see that change. When we talk about that $10 equaling about $10 million worth of EBITDA, that is a net number.
Noah Kaye: $10 million of EBITDA, but not $10 million of revenue? Just to clarify.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Its both. Its $10 million of revenue and EBITDA. Because again, if you think about what we did is that when we actually went in and changed the structure of the recycling contract, we basically just put that into the base rate. So thats how we actually wound up offsetting some of that volatility. So thats why when you look at the sensitivity now, its the $10 change is $10 million to both revenue and EBITDA because just isolating the commodity impact, the service fee that were charging to either actually the process the material or to collect that material is going to stay unchanged regardless of what the commodity price is.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Very helpful. There is been some discussion of  you mentioned interest expense looking at next year, but also bonus depreciation stepping down. Can you talk about that? And any other puts and takes you think about for free cash flow conversion as we look to next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Look, if you  just from an interest expense perspective, if you take a look at year-over-year, and if this is assuming a 125 basis-point hike in the fourth quarter, that would be about a $70 million increase to interest expense year-over-year, which, in isolation, its about a 100 basis-point headwind to free cash flow conversion. That said, though, we had a plan that called for pricing in excess of cost inflation and to drive very strong growth. So even though these are some new headwinds that are presenting into our plan for next year, we still expect very strong growth in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow.
Noah Kaye: Yes. I mean in reiterating, I just want to make this point right and please nuance as it makes sense. But in saying youre comfortable with this years guidance and point to above average growth for next year, I mean its really pricing and operating leverage in solid waste thats making up some of these headwinds, if you will. And I just want to get your view on whether or not there is incremental pricing that you can put through looking at 23 to shore up some of those gaps.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, Id also say its also growth and margin expansion in Environmental Solutions. Nothing offset it, right? Weve got plans there to continue to cross-sell continue to price, right, and drive our cost synergy numbers there. So youll see nice margin expansion in that part of the business as well. Were committed to price ahead of cost inflation under almost any steady scenario, obviously, right, in a black sponsor area, where we get into crazy levels of interest rates, right? We will come back and talk then. But weve been in a pretty high interest rate environment and lower interest rate environment, and weve done a pretty good job of  in both scenarios or both cases, pricing ahead of cost inflation. And were doing that playing a long game, right? We have customers. This is a loyalty business. So were always going to do things that maximize the lifetime value of the business and, therefore, drive intrinsic value versus doing anything unnatural in a quarter that might drive short-term results but arent really good for the shareholders longer-term.
Noah Kaye: Appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chang of CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chang: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just on the comments you made on the small container yield improvement, continues to be outsized well  I, mean, youre going to get good pricing everywhere, but especially seems continue to be outsized. Just can you just explain to me why that is  why are you seeing even stronger pricing of small container relative to your other...
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think its a combination of things, Kevin. I think its certainly customer mix. We want to be with customers who are willing to pay more. Weve got pretty sophisticated tools in our sales and marketing teams to identify those customers and present them with an offering where they are willing to pay more. More transactional parts of the business, for example, brokers, we just pushed that out of our portfolio because they are renters. For renting, those customers, they are not going to be with us for a long time. And so the mix certainly helps us. And then the offering we put in front of customers in terms of digital tools, the sophistication of our pricing that allows us to give very targeted pricing to a customer and understanding billings to pay. All of those things drive yield, which is the ultimate pricing metric. Core price is a means to an end. The ultimate metric which ties to the P&L and margin expansion is yield.
Kevin Chang: Okay. No, no, thats very helpful. And then just my second one, the 160-basis-point sequential improvement in EBITDA margin in Environmental Solutions. You talked about some of the early wins in terms of pricing and cross-selling and cost-cutting. Just as you think about that 160, like is there a bucket that primarily drove that? Would it be primarily the cost-cutting and then build off of business, some of the other synergies roll through or was it kind of a mix of things that drove that 160?
Jon Vander Ark: No, its a mix of things. All have contributed and that really that balanced approach is what we look for going forward as we look to take a business, again. That was in the mid- to high teens. And over a longer period of time, we think there is no reason that business cant be in the mid to high 20s, right? Thats where over a period of years, we think we can take the business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, remember, too, there is obviously seasonality in that business, just like there is in the recycling and solid waste business, and so Q3 seasonally tends to be that highest quarter. So I think as we get more quarters as well, youll start to see the growth year-over-year. But I think youre definitely going to see as, Jon mentioned. Youre going to see a combination of pricing actions. Youre going to see some of the cost takeout that weve done as we realize some of the and benefit from some of the cross-selling.
Kevin Chang: Thank you for taking my question and congrats with the good results here.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: So I went back here as fast as I could do this while were on the call. I think for 10 years, you all have given some kind of indication of what the next year is going to be in the third quarter. So this is like the first time youre not in 10 years and yet  then you say sales EBITDA and free cash flow will be up. So can you help us a little bit on how to understand whats the messaging? Whats that mean, up a little, up a lot, up like  how do we make sure we get the right place to land on 23?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We had talked about last quarter, we thought wed potentially a line of sight to double-digit revenue growth, right? Were probably off that a little bit in terms of what our expectations are for a couple of reasons. One is commodity price, those coming down. They obviously have a revenue impact and a margin impact. The second is some of the acquisitions that we had hoped to close in the fourth quarter get pushed out. So we feel very confident that those are going to be deals that close, but they are going to roll into the first quarter; in one case, the second quarter, which just pushes the rollover effect of that revenue benefit. And then the market, I think, is getting a little more uncertain, as you see, from a broader macro standpoint. All that being said, Michael, we feel really good about high single-digit revenue growth kind of in line with that EBITDA growth and free cash flow growth. So  and those, if you think about, to get back to a 10-year period, right, those are certainly above average numbers for the performance in a very challenging environment. So were very optimistic about the rate. Its the reason why were not giving some more formal type of indication, if you go back 5 years, its a pretty predictable recurring revenue business. So you got a lot of visibility were living in very dynamic in different times in terms of whats happening with interest rates and labor tightness and inflation and all those things. So I think thats just  commodity prices. Given all those uncertainties, we thought were going to be in a better position 3 months from now to provide more clarity.
Michael Hoffman: Fair enough. But at least weve got some guardrails we can live in based on what you just shared, so thank you for that. And then you did give us a sense of restricted price first half, 4.5%, but the rate of inflation can be accelerating in the second half. So the assumption would be that restricted price in the second half would be greater than the 4.5% at the current trend hold. Is that the right observation?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. I dont know thats going to be significantly different, Michael, throughout the year. I would kind of put again in that 4.5% to 5% range, right, for the full year. Again, were exiting Q3 at $4. So youll see some acceleration, but I think it will be moderate acceleration throughout the year.
Michael Hoffman: And one last thing on price. Is your starting open market price, your exit rate from 4Q?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. For the most part. I mean, look, if you look at where were saying right now with a 5.6% average yield on total revenue, call it around 6% on related revenue in total. If you think about the open market portion of that, we would see that participating next year or contributing relatively in line with what we got this year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then one just tweak as you getting asked about volume. I mean youre getting  youre still seeing your good correlation in household formation, new business formation. You alluded to positive enteric interval changes, new business exceeding loss business, but the rate of change will start to narrow because we were off of a pretty healthy recovery in the second half of 21 into the first half of 22. So were going to start normalizing into a more narrow rate of change, but the trend underlying is still positive.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Absolutely, Michael. Thats our expectation when we think about 23%, thats sort of a modular. And we think you start seeing that in the fourth quarter, Michael, and then again, getting to a more normalized level of growth.
Michael Hoffman: Great. Okay, thats great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Spracklin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Yes. Thanks very much. Thank you for taking my question here. Let me start on the cross-selling opportunities. I think, Jon, you mentioned earlier, $75 million to $100 million eventually. Youre at the $25 million mark now. Are you still on track from a timing perspective and achieving that full run rate of cross-selling? Or if its changed, can you comment on that? Has it been pulled forward or push back at all and why?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We said wed achieve that by 2024. Thats the time frame that we said, could be at 25 already given that were still working through some integration, rolling this thing out. We have not touched many of our customers yet. Were really, really pleased about our progress, and I would say quite optimistic about hitting both the level and the timing of that.
Walter Spracklin: Perfect, perfect. On the OCC prices, your peer yesterday or earlier mentioned that your contracts or their contracts are structured so that the further OCC goes down, the negative impact that sensitivity that you highlighted kind of contracts, the lower OCC goes. I just want to make sure, are your contracts designed similarly that, that plays out in your contracts as well so that its not as strict? You mentioned $10. But does that $10 contract when OCC prices go down  the further that OCC prices go down?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And thats what  in the guidance itself and that we put out there, I would sit there and say, on the way up and the way down, that $10 equating to $10 million of revenue and both EBITDA is good sensitivity to use from a modeling perspective. So again, the type of work that youre doing can dictate that, whether or not youre brokering or that sort of thing, those sort of things can be different company to company, but thats our sensitivity.
Walter Spracklin: Okay. And last question here is you mentioned BPs purchase of Archaea there that youre optimistic working with them and all that. Anything that you can add? Have you spoken to the folks at BP at all? What kind of new ways would you look at partnering with them? Or is it just what you had before is pretty much what you have now and expect to have going forward? Or is there something additional now that you have a new owner?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. yes, were talking at many levels, including talking to their CEO. They have to probably tick up big, bold, ambitious plans around sustainability and decarbonization, and we think there is a number of ways that can work together. Certainly, in the core JV itself, and they are fully committed to that, and were getting the best of both worlds because the colleagues from Archaea that they are going to acquire are going to stay. So we feel really excited about that team, but bringing more resources to bear that will certainly help us hit our marks and maybe move a little faster on that front. And then they have a big business. So they have got a big Environmental Services business. So there is ways to partner together there. They have a major network of gas stations, and gas station is actually a major plays that plastic leak out of the value chain and dont get recycled. So there is ways to pilot and innovate there. And weve done nothing formal together on those fronts yet, obviously, but have like-minded ambitions in terms of making the world more environmentally-sustainable and doing that in a way that drives growth for our shareholders as well.
Walter Spracklin: Yes. So its an opportunity to get creative and advance that initiative. Thats great. Okay. I appreciate the time. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Im wondering if you can talk about, for the recycling line of business at the commodity price that you mentioned for the fourth quarter, do you anticipate the business being in a net profit position? Can you just comment on that? And then nice to hear about the reiteration of guidance despite that headwind of $20 million, $30 million from recycling. Can you just talk about what part of the guidance has evolved ahead of expectations? It sounds like it might be yield, but I would love it if you could flesh that out. Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So just your first question there at the $90 commodity price, yes, that portion of the business would remain profitable at that level. And then the second part, when you talk about the evolving guide, youre talking about with respect to 22?
Jerry Revich: Correct.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So youre talking about just the puts and takes?
Jerry Revich: Thats right. Yes. So it sounds like youre able to overcome the recycling headwinds. It feels like yield has accelerated at our expectations, but Im wondering if I could just get you to expand on that.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, better overall yield, better volume performance as we were able to overcome the commodity headwind as well as the higher interest rates in the third quarter. As we now look in the fourth quarter though the big drop really happened recently, so September into October. So again, thats why weve maintained the guide because the outperformance from Q3 is basically funding what we expect now for Q4, and we feel pretty good about the full year guide.
Jerry Revich: And then conceptually, as you think about pricing for the long-term into 23, obviously, you dont want to drive churn. But it sounds like based on your prior comments that we are going to think about pushing pricing in municipal solid waste to essentially fund the recycling headwind, is what I think I am hearing from you. But can I trouble you to put a finer point on that, please?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We think we are always going to try to price ahead of our cost inflation, Jerry. And obviously, demise our headwind on that front. But we dont think about it is because now there is a short-term headwind that we are going to go out and go put a bunch of price in the market that we could be destructive from a long-term value creation with our customers on that front. So, we feel good, like I said, into 23, that even with these headwinds that we are going to have high-single digit growth on revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Just given that we are overcoming that commodity headwind, I think speaks to the strength of the business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. I mean we talked about the fact that we have seen elevated cost inflation in the business. We see that rolling into 23. And right now, we are making our plan is if that cost inflation stays in the business for the full year. So thats where the pricing ahead of cost inflation thats where that comment is. Now look, if inflation is lower than we think or it starts to abate, then that could be some upside to our current plan, but thats not how we are going into it. So, we do  versus our original expectations, we do expect the impact of both lower recycled commodity prices and higher interest rates have an impact on where we thought we were headed as of nine days ago. But as we just kind of talked about with Michael, we still think the outcome is going to be very strong, especially in the context when you look at an average growth rate and revenue, EBITDA, free cash flow, free cash flow conversion. We think they are all very strong metrics, all growing.
Jerry Revich: Super. And lastly, I am wondering, can you just talk about the evolution for off-take agreements in landfill gas in addition to capital deployed by BP. Kinder Morgan has obviously bought some assets as well. Can you just provide an update on off-take agreement visibility? It sounded like the market was moving into the 20s per MMBtu on a multiyear basis. I am not sure if you feel comfortable commenting on that. And how the shape of the market has evolved since the last public update a quarter ago? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: No, we are still on track and still the same view that we are going to fix a portion of this and play spot on the market with the rest of it, which has been probably we think that, that balance between maximizing returns as well as predictability over the cycle and managing risk on that. Certainly have alignment with BP on that same philosophy on the back end of these facilities.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi team. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to come back to the comment about the  a couple of those acquisitions that slid to the right a little bit. I am curious, could you help us with the annualized revenue associated with those? I think we have got 300 basis points kind of locked for rollover with ECOL, but just trying to flesh out what that number could ultimately look like.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. From a rollover perspective right now, thats what we are planning is that the 300 basis points of rollover, as Jon mentioned, there were a couple of deals that were in the offer and they still are where we thought they might close in Q4. They are now looking like they could be early to mid 23. So, we will keep you updated on that progress. But right now, we are building the plan with 300 basis points of acquisition rollover.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. So, you dont want to give any hints on the magnitude of those acquisitions that are in the hopper?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, we will tell you when they are closed.
Sean Eastman: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And then I just wanted to make sure I understand the ECOL contribution within that bridge to 2023. Obviously, we get a full year of revenue. But I am just curious how you guys are thinking roughly about the growth rate in ECOLs top line and I think we have got a lot of different pieces to work with here. But just in terms of where we are going to end up on ECOL margins this year, what you guys think that will be for the full year next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, of that 300 basis points of rollover, call it, $250 million of it is related to U.S. psychology. If you just think about in the context of consolidated company margin, we look at that additional four months of rollover, having about a 30 basis point headwind on total company margin in 23.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. And does that assume status quo margins for ECOL year-on-year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Slight step-up as we realized a portion of the synergies again. But for the most part, thats going to be in the ZIP code.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Kyle White of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back to pricing. Just curious, are you starting to see any kind of pushback from customers? It seems like everyone six months ago is willing to pay higher prices? And now the environment has changed. Is it somewhat  so curious how those dialogues have gone? And if you have seen any kind of pushback that you would mention?
Jon Vander Ark: No, we are still  like we said, we put out the highest in our open portion of the business, put up the highest gross price we ever have and have the highest realization rate as the percentage that we ever had, which is an astounding number on that back. So, pricing is certainly sticking at elevated levels. The only place we have got challenges in small micro markets where we have had some challenges with turnover, given labor constraints. Obviously, when you are not providing the service that you want in a given market, right, you are going to cause the customers to reconsider and go elsewhere. And so thats why we are into, 2023, still planning on relatively elevated inflation levels because we run the business forever. And we want to make sure that we provide customers world-class service, and that will keep them staying and stay longer.
Kyle White: Got it. Thats helpful. And then on the  you talked about this a little bit. So, as you think about 2023 in kind of underlying solid waste expansion margins, I think this year, you are probably running about 60 basis points  50 basis points to 60 basis points. And so if you are pricing at these elevated levels of inflation that you are seeing today and that carries into 2023, would that equate to, again, 50 basis points to 60 basis points with the potential to go even higher if we are in a more moderate inflationary environment next year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We sat across the cycle, 30 basis points to 50 basis points is what we think about doing in recycling solid waste. And we will do that over time, right, at an elevated level in environmental solutions. Could that creep higher next year if pricing stick and inflation comes down in the back half, it certainly could. We are not expecting that in terms of building a plan around it, but that would cause that gap to widen and allow for a little more margin expansion in the second half and certainly then going into 2024.
Kyle White: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Yes. Thank you. You previously outlined that your revenues have about a 90% correlation with housing starts on a 1-year lag. Is it correct to say that you believe that this is very strong pricing and maybe some environmental solutions can change that historical correlation? And just either way, as starts have clearly been declining and mortgage rates continue to surge, are there any incremental actions that you are eyeing relative to the back half of next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Eyeing as far as  because again, look, thats been a historical correlation. But again, I think thats been in a, call it, a relatively stable macro environment. And we are  we have been in anything, but kind of have these puts and takes with inflation. So, again, at this point, as Jon mentioned, we are going to continue to price in excess of cost inflation. From an overall demand perspective, again, we have actually seen the demand very strong throughout 22. We are not really seeing any signs of that abating. So, again, thats how we are building our plan. Growth levels probably wont be as strong as they were  or certainly wont be as strong as they were in 22 just because we were still recovering units from the pandemic, but we still expect underlying unit growth in 23 year-over-year.
David Manthey: Got it. So, maybe directionally, you still think there is some correlation there, but not necessarily of the magnitude depending on starts, is what I am hearing. Could we talk about the interest rate? You said 1% change in rate is $36 million in interest expense. What was the reference rate in the third quarter from which to build to the fourth quarter in 2023 then?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, again, right now, what we are expecting is another 125 basis point increase, right, in the fourth quarter. Thats how we built our plan, and then that being relatively stable throughout 2023. If you think about what that means relative to where we were exiting Q3, thats a good 125 basis points for the  when we think about where we are in Q4, good 125 basis points from where we were exiting Q2. So, the impact of that as we think about year-over-year is a $70 million increase in total interest expense, which is about a $50 million increase to cash flow once you net out the related taxes.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon.
Jon Vander Ark: Go ahead Stephanie.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch on your tech investments and digital tools. I appreciate the update on the RISE platform. It would be helpful if you could share, I dont know, any KPIs or benefits that you are seeing from the early rollout of those tools on the efficiency side. And as we think to 2023, kind of whats in the pipeline from the digital tools and some investments that might be in the works?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We have certainly seen over the last 18 months productivity benefit, which allows us to get more work done in the same amount of time with great customer service and doing it safely, primary value for our drivers. So, we  from a cost standpoint, we think we have taken out almost $50 million at this point. And we think over the next 18 months, we have got another $50 million that we can take out of the business as we get full deployment and full utilization of this. And then when you connect it back to the customer, all that information allows us to communicate with a customer, right, with this Track My Truck we talked about. That allows the customer to see where we are and when the pickup is going to occur. And it not only allows in some cases, them to look for themselves, right, where their vehicle is and when the pickup is coming, but even if they decide to use a different channel and call our customer service center, then we are able to have our agent look up there and give the customer it will be there tomorrow or range, but give them a far more precise time that the truck is on the way and get the customer assured. So, a lot of what we get is that, right. We really run so precise that we are there within a 5-hour, 45-minute window every week or multiple times a week for a customer. And so when we miss that window, even if we are going to be there that day, the customers call and they are concerned. So, this allows us to provide better information take cost out of the system and  we are not going to talk about those today, but you are going to see more innovation come off that, that make the customer offering differentiated that we think can directly hit the P&L in terms of customers staying longer.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you. And then just touching on the M&A side, maybe on the traditional waste, are you seeing any changes in demand or interest levels in this environment?
Jon Vander Ark: No, I think the pipeline is certainly strong, and there is significant willingness to sell. We are obviously maintaining a lot of discretion, right. Some companies dont fit us from a profile standpoint, from a value standpoint. They might not be a good fit for us. So, we remain very discriminating in terms of what we buy. But the pipeline is very, very strong. Its getting harder to do business. If you think about the digital investments, we just talked about. Thats becoming a second moat. Its not just the post-collection infrastructure. All of those investments we make are very expensive. They take a lot of time. They take a lot of expertise. So, that makes it tough, or the current labor environment makes it more challenging. The current supply chain being constrained, right, we are only slightly delayed in deliveries of equipment because we are a great customer for our suppliers, right. We buy trucks year-in and year-out, where some of the smaller players will go years about buying and try to buy in the spot market. Well, now they are locked out. Those factories are full, and they are at the end of the line, and so you suffer to get labor. And those people you hire have to drive old equipment thats in need of repair and/or replacement, right. Thats a big advantage for us to take over those businesses.
Stephanie Moore: Understood. Well, thank you so much.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Brian, you guys just did, on a year-to-date basis, adjusted free cash flow of $1.67 billion, really strong. I think your guide is $1.7 billion or so. You might have touched on it earlier. Is there anything I am missing on the fourth quarter that we should be aware of, of why you are not releasing the free cash flow outlook?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, Mike, I had actually mentioned it in the remarks. So, the CapEx that we spent year-to-date, so through three quarters and the cash interest represents only about half of our expected full year spend. So, in the fourth quarter, we expect a disproportionate amount of both CapEx and cash taxes relative to the average you have seen. So, thats why you see a relatively modest Q4 contribution and why we have maintained the guide as it is on free cash flow. Some of that, as Jon mentioned, accelerating some of the investments in Polymer Center throughout the year, some of the things we have done in order to fund this outsized growth. But so you can reasonably expect a little bit more CapEx than we originally anticipated, partially being offset by a little bit less cash taxes than we originally anticipated.
Michael Feniger: And I guess, Brian, just to follow-up with that and to put a finer point, do you plan to grow your free cash flow next year? Will that growth be in line to EBITDA growth, because obviously, in the context of where you guys are kind of targeting your free cash flow conversion over time. Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. First question, yes, we definitely expect to grow our free cash flow. And yes, it should be relatively in line with the growth in EBITDA. We would have expected to grow it a little bit more. Obviously, the impact of interest expense and recycled commodity prices impacts that, but we are fully expecting to grow.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I will turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Andrea. I would like to thank the entire Republic Services team for their efforts and commitment to driving lasting value for all of our stakeholders. Have a good evening, and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services' Second Quarter 2022 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Evans, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Aaron Evans: I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' second quarter 2022 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is August 4th, 2022. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities; along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates and times. The dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Aaron. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results continue to demonstrate the value created by our differentiated capabilities and ability to harness the positive momentum in our business. We delivered outsize revenue growth both organically and through acquisitions, while generating underlying margin expansion. This was achieved by pricing in excess of our internal costs inflation and continued savings from productivity initiatives. The fundamentals in our business remain strong, and we remain well-positioned to capitalize on additional growth opportunities in the marketplace. During the second quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 21%, generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.32, which is a 21% increase over the prior year and produce more than $1.1 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year to date basis, which is a 14% increase over the prior year. We continue to effectively allocate capital by investing in value creating acquisitions, and returning cash to our shareholders. Year to-date, we invested $2.5 billion in acquisitions, which includes the acquisition of US Ecology. The integration of US Ecology is well underway and progressing as planned. We're encouraged by early cross selling results, and remain confident that we will achieve at least $40 million of cost synergies. We have one of our most robust acquisition pipelines ever with opportunities to close transactions this year and into 2023. We now expect to invest over $600 million in acquisitions apart from US Ecology for the year. Substantially all of these deals are in the recycling and solid waste space. Year to date, we returned $495 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, we recently announced an increase of the dividend for the 19th consecutive year. During the second quarter, we reported organic volume growth of 2.4%, which was broad based across geographies and market verticals. Simultaneously, we demonstrated our ability to price. Core price reached an all time high of 6.2%, an average yield increased to 5%. This is the highest level of pricing and company history. At the same time, we're experiencing higher than expected inflationary pressures that continue to persist. That said, we expect to continue to price more than our internal cost inflation, ultimately leading to full year results that are projected to exceed original expectations. We now expect adjusted EPS in the range of $4.77 to $4.80, and adjusted free cash flow in a range of $1.7 billion to $1.725 billion. This represents an increase of approximately 4% from the midpoint of the prior guidance. Finally, we believe creating a more sustainable world is both our responsibility and a platform for growth. We've recently published our latest sustainability report, highlighting the progress we're making toward our most significant opportunities to positively impact key stakeholders and the environment. We reported a 9% decrease in greenhouse gas emissions from our 2017 baseline, which keeps us well-positioned to achieve our interim target of a 10% reduction by 2025. We also highlight progress made on climate leadership goals, including circular economy, and renewable energy. These goals are supported by investments were making in Polymer centres and landfill gas projects, which are progressing as planned. In addition to having a positive impact on the environment, the innovative solutions are a platform for growth. Our efforts continue to be recognized externally, as Republic was recently named to 3BL Media's 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the third consecutive year. I will now turn the call over to Brian who will provide details on the quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Core price during the second quarter was 6.2%, which included open market pricing of 7.8% and restricted pricing of 3.5%. The components of core price included small container of 9.7%, large container of 6.9% and residential of 5.6%. Average yield on total revenue was 5%, which represents an increase of 80 basis points when compared to our first quarter performance. Average yield unrelated revenue was 5.4%. As Jon mentioned, we continue to dynamically adjust price on new and existing business to offset higher levels of cost inflation, we've seen our operating costs and capital expenditures. Second quarter volume increased 2.4%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 2.8%, an increase in large container of 2% and an increase in landfill of 5.7%. Our customer retention rate remained stable at 95%. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $218 per ton in the second quarter. This compares to $170 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales contributed 20 basis points to internal growth during the second quarter. Next, turning to our environmental solutions business. Second quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $260 million from the prior year, which primarily relates to the acquisition of US Ecology. On the same-store basis, environmental solutions contributed 50 basis points to internal growth during the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the environmental solutions portion of our business was 17.1% during the quarter. This includes our existing operations in the Gulf and northeast together with the addition of US Ecology. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter was 29.6%. This compared to 30.6% in the prior year. Margin performance during the quarter included a 140 basis point decrease from acquisitions of which 60 basis points relates to US Ecology, and a 110. basis point headwind from net fuel. It's important to note, that even though net fuel was diluted to margin, we recovered over 95% of the dollar change fuel expense through fuel recovery fees. These margin headwinds were partially offset by a 30 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices, a 60 basis point contribution from relatively higher incentive compensation expense in the prior year, and most importantly, underlying margin expansion of 60 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the solid waste and recycling business was 30.8%. SG&A expenses excluding transactions costs from US Ecology were 10% of revenue. The 70 basis point improvement demonstrates our ability to effectively manage costs and gain leverage while growing the business. With respect to our outlook, our guidance implies sequential growth and adjusted EBITDA dollars of 5% to 5.5% in the second half of the year compared to our first half performance. This would continue to drive double digit EBITDA growth on a year-over-year basis. As a result, we now expect full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 29.3%. The change in margin from our initial expectations relates to the impact of US Ecology and fuel. Year to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.15 billion and increased $143 million or 14% compared to the prior year. This was driven exclusively by EBITDA growth in the business. Year to date capital expenditures of $505 million represents 35% of our projected full year spend, and year to-date cash taxes of $79 million represents approximately 25% of our projected full year spend. We now expect full year capital expenditures in a range of $1.45 billion to $1.47 billion. This represents an increase of $130 million from the midpoint of our prior expectations. The increase includes $75 million related to US Ecology. The remainder of the increase relates to investments to support growth, and higher than anticipated costs for trucks, equipment and landfill cell development. Total debt was $12 billion and total liquidity was $1.6 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 3.3 times. We expect to revert to three times leverage within the next 12 months. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and non cash charges from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 23.9% during the second quarter, and 24.6% on a year to-day basis. A lower than anticipated tax rate was mostly timing related, and provided a $0.05 EPS benefit during the first half of the year. We expect this timing benefit will flip in the second half, resulting in an equivalent tax impact of 29% in the third quarter, and 26% in the fourth quarter. We still expect a full year equivalent tax impact of approximately 26%. With that operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I was hoping you could give a little bit of extra color on the expectation for how pricing plays out. I know you gave some great detail in terms of where the open market versus restricted was in the quarter. But just how you think that plays out during the rest of the year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, strong. Because of that momentum on the pricing side, obviously, we're putting out more price than we ever have on the open market side and retaining at a higher percentage than we ever have. Which I think is a function of both the macro economy and inflation, and all costs going up for customers, as well as the fact that we continue to differentiate our service offering and provide something unique in the marketplace. And I don't see that changing for the remainder of the year. And then we'll get a nice pickup the second half of the year on the restricted side of the business. As those contracts kick in with underlying escalator something tied to CPI or CPI derivatives like average trash or water sewer trash, that will provide some momentum there as well.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. And then in terms of US Ecology, just any additional color on surprises versus now that you've started the integration, versus what your expectations were before?
Jon Vander Ark: Generally, unplanned. Let's see -- very excited about the people. I think maybe one surprises we've been able to retain even a higher percentage of people than we expected. Again, there's good natural synergies in the deal we've talked about that. But the reason we bought this as a platform for growth, and we really respect their compliance culture, their expertise, and obviously a very unrivalled set of assets. And their team has been absolutely energized to get connected with us very strong cultural alignment. And we did a lot of work pre-merger in terms of organization structure and model and design. And we've got those teams staffed up and ready to go, and we're out moving in the marketplace. So, I'd say on balance. Its got a little more momentum than I expected at this point.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everybody. And just on the pricing question, I guess a lot of your contracts and just as you alluded are coming in the back half pretty strong. I guess that sets you up very nicely for 2023, in terms of carryover of those price -- any pricing you're doing through the year and in the back half the year. So when we look at the 2023, is there any reason why we shouldn't kind of see a continued elevated pricing rate for 2023? Obviously lapping some tougher compares as we get through the back half of 2023. But tell me if I'm wrong, but should shouldn't it remain elevated, given the late in the year pricing this year remain elevated through the first half of next year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I guess the one cautionary note, obviously, that we're living in very unique and uncertain times. And I think in the last 36 months have taught all of us some dose of humility. All that being said, the outlook from what we see right now is very, very positive. And so, you're right, the restricted portion of that book will continue to flow through. We're not going to change our stripes on the open market side of this business, right. We started, we lead with price. Our people deserve a fair wage increase. And that profit allows us to reinvest in the business and drive sustainability and all the things that we care about. So that won't change. And listen, I think we've got momentum on all three fronts. we've got momentum on the pricing side of the business. We've got momentum on the volume side of this business. And obviously, the acquisition activity, has also been very strong. And the rollover effect in the next year sets us up for what we think will end up being probably a double digit revenue year in 2023.
Walter Spracklin: That's great color. On acquisitions, dovetails into my next question actually, is just how you're looking at acquisitions now in two ways. First of all, taking a fairly large one here with US Ecology, does that in any way kind of delay you from the cadence of acquisition or the pace and cadence of acquisitions at all? And secondly, related to that, does it -- does US Ecology now shift your attention a little bit to perhaps examining different types of acquisitions, some in hazardous, some in solid waste? Or do you kind of refocus re-center on solid waste for opportunities going forward?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. I think we talked about when we did the deal. This wasn't either or it was both end. And the timing of the deal was predicated on all the momentum we had in the traditional recycling and solid waste side of the business. And our outlook has never been stronger and more positive there for deals. I thought about what we're going to close this year and a strong pipeline in the next year. And that's where we certainly, the bulk of our acquisition spend will certainly come in that space. Now, the benefit is we've got a second platform with which we can pursue further follow-on and tuck-in acquisitions. And certainly we have a pipeline there. I think it's the only, I think it's very unlikely in the near term is we do another deal of scale in the environmental solution side of the business. Because we think we've got a great platform with US Ecology. We're building that out. Again, we'll be able to tuck in pieces along the way and in a very analogous way to the solid waste and recycling space of getting great post closure synergies on those deals as we pulled those right in.
Walter Spracklin: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks for the time as always.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Hi. Good afternoon, and congratulations on the strong quarter. I'm wondering if you just talk about, as we think about the pieces for 2023, you alluded the top line. Can you just talk about the tailwinds that you folks are going to have from your investments in landfill gas and in the -- more facilities. How many facilities do we have coming online over the next 12 months as we just layer on additional tailwinds to the business as we think about what 2023 might look like at this point?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, Jerry, specifically around some of the landfill gas projects and Polymer centres and things of that nature. Anything that's going to come online is really going to be in the latter part of 2023. So the contribution to 2023 is pretty limited with respect to those projects. Now, obviously, setting up 2024 and beyond, right, that's where it starts to get more exciting with respect to those investments. Really next year is more about pricing in excess of cost inflation, the realization of the synergies with US Ecology deal.
Jerry Revich: And on that note, obviously, really strong margin performance this year, but given the high inflationary environment overall, it certainly limits. How aggressive we can get on pricing ahead of cost? What's the opportunity to make up for that next year, as hopefully, inflation slows from high singles to mid singles? Could we see a 60, 70, 80 basis point margin expansion versus half that you would typically target?
Brian DelGhiaccio: I think the thing you have to remember, Jerry, is that on that restricted portion of our business and those indices that those contracts are tied to, they tend to lag. So again, when you take a look at what we're doing with the inflationary environment that we're experiencing today, and we're seeing that across our book, and we're able to drive underlying margin expansion this year, as we start to get those relatively higher price increases next year, we think that actually sets us up very well for continued margin expansion into 2023.
Jerry Revich: So just to be clear, it doesn't sound like we should be thinking about commercial and industrial lines of business, pricing slowing significantly. So, we're just going to get the additional kicker from the restricted business kicking in and continued level of pricing that we've seen in C&I this year. Is that right?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. The only the only caveat, I'd say is, I mean, the labor market remains constrained. And we do see some signs of that easing, right? And I would hope that that would continue to ease throughout the year, and create the opportunity in the next year, but we will do whatever. We want to run this business forever. So we'll do whatever we need to do to retain our people. So the level of margin expansion that we have in 2023 will be predicated on exactly how tight the labor market is and what we need to do with wages.
Jerry Revich: Super. Appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good afternoon. My first question is just around the restricted book. And then also as part of that just cost inflation. So, when you look at your cost buckets, do you sort of believe its -- most of those buckets have peaked, labor included? And then as part of that, when you look at your restricted book, how much of that book is on indices that are not CPI? And when they reset, do they kind of cover cost inflation that you're seeing? I know they lag. Or does it not even matter, because the open market is so strong that it will help you recover whatever you're not currently?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Let me start on the wage piece. So we're -- listen, we're seeing inflation right in the high fours. And we feel good about that number in part, because going into this high inflationary period, we thought we had a very healthy cost structure. Healthy meaning not too high, but also not too low, right. Our team does a really good job of understanding local market dynamics. And we want to be the employer of choice in those markets. Now, obviously, we've had to take up, put wages into the market this year beyond our initial plan, just given the dynamic environment. And I would say, listen, we see that certainly flattening, and kind of ending the year into the high fours on that front. Assuming that inflation comes down, if that will start to modulate as we go forward. So I think we are past the peak of this thing with the caveat of we're living in uncertain environment. So Hamzah, within that 50% book that has a contractual pricing restriction, 34% of those are directly linked to CPI, 18% are some form of alternative index. So I think just over 50% has some inflationary component baked into it. And then the other 48% is some other pricing mechanism. So it could be a fixed rate. It could be a rate review or cost plus contract, but that's basically the composition of that 50% of our book.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. And just my follow-up question. On US Ecology, you mentioned early signs of cross selling. Could you just remind us what you sized up revenue synergies at? And at the same time, is the sales cycle different than solid waste? Or just maybe -- maybe just give us some examples of the early success of cross selling? Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure. We value the deal, obviously, based on the standalone intrinsic value, plus $40 million of cost synergies. That being said, we think they're the revenue synergies over time will outpace that. Part of that is on the revenue synergies. So we've said, $75 million to $100 million of cross sell realized over three years. We've already gotten 15 of that. So very good early momentum on that front. And it's cutting both ways. Customers that US Ecology have that we're bringing in our services. But even more so customers that we have, we're now selling a broader set of services too. So we're in early days on that. We haven't really done a full rollout across all on our sales teams. So very excited about the momentum to hit that number. And then on pricing, we believe these are scarce assets. And again, you need to price to be able to reinvest in these assets over time and grow. And so, we put out a double digit price increase earlier this week that will go into effect in early September into the marketplace, because it's imperative that we do that. It's inflationary environment, right? We're going to reinvest in the business, and we're going to expand these margins over time.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you all. So many things to think about and choose from. So, I'm going to pick free cash flow. If the old midpoint $2.65 billion, you subtract $130 million for more CapEx. That means there's about $193 million of upside from performance between solid waste and environmental services. Can you split between them where that came from?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. That's all solid waste, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: All solid waste. Okay. So that's just shows just how dramatic the leverage of this price has been to convert that into cash. That's the other observation.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Agree.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Margins. So the US Ecology margins or the ES margins, which is basically mostly US Ecology, were came out better than if you were looking at old models for that business coming into 2Q. How much of that is -- it was a really good market for those kinds of services, and everybody had a really good quarter, all the peers versus anything that you all did do affect change? And then how do I look at your combined margin of 29.3% [ph], and convert that into what's the dollars of EBITDA?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, let me start with the latter part first, when you want to talk about the dollars of EBITDA. So we talked for the full year, or I'm sorry, in the second half of increasing EBITDA 5% to 5.5% over our first half performance. So, I think first half was a $1.913 billion. Second half, that would imply $2 billion to $2.20 billion for a full year 3.91 to 3.93. So, when you take a look at that 5% to 5.5% sequential growth, of 3.5% of that is just the additional amount from US Ecology just for having that for longer in that period of time. And then the rest of the business 1.5% to 2%. When you think about that 1.5% to 2% on a like-for-like basis, that's relatively consistent what would we see in a normal year. And then, on your margin questions. So when you take a look at the 17.1% for the environmental solutions business, that's -- again, I would say there wasn't much that that we were able to affect in that period of time, it's only two months. So most of the synergy capture that we expect, the cross selling opportunities that Jon mentioned, and then again, the pricing opportunities, that's more on the come. So again, I would say that was more just the strength in the business from US Ecology, which could also be just reflective of strength in the industrial market.
Michael Hoffman: It was very good. We crossed their peer group. So it doesn't surprise me. It was good. I just was wondering how much you were able to influence already. Okay, thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I might have missed it. But just the updated yield and volume guidance for 2022, seems like both are going up here?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, we expect that with the -- the 5%, that we just reported here in the second quarter, we would expect, as we talked about that to accelerate in the second half of the year for the reasons we discussed, so we expect to stay over 5% for the balance of the year. So, full year that would average to right around 5% on a full year basis for average yield. And right now, when we take a look at volume, we're expecting that to be at the high end of our original guidance range. So right around 2%.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. Very helpful. And updated margin guidance, 29.3%. I believe it was 30.3% to 30.4% before. I think Ecol was supposed to be 70 basis points of that gap. Is that what it ended up being in there? And that leaves maybe 35 basis points of fuel. But I assume fuel was actually more than that. And you're actually covering a lot of what the incremental fuel drag was with price. So if we could just flush that out, that'd be helpful?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure. Yes. You actually had a couple of those numbers there. So US Ecology is 70 basis points, 70 basis point drag from our original expectations. Net fuel is actually 50 basis points worse than we originally thought. We actually have 120 basis point drag between the two. And we're making that up with the rest of the business to get to that 29.3 for the year.
Sean Eastman: Got it. Nice work. Thanks for the help.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Calleja with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Calleja: Yes, thanks, guys. Just when we think about the acceleration that you mentioned, the back half with the yield, obviously, you call -- can you help us find just like the rollover of what that would look like for 2023 just based on really where we're exiting the year at and what we see with US Ecol after two months?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Are you talking about just overall revenue? Or are you just talking about specifically around yield?
Michael Calleja: Both, if you could, just because of the core price as you accelerate, I mean, you putting these price increases through this year. So there must be some rollover benefit just by even not even increasing next year, just by run rating on the end of this year. And also for U.S. Ecol, I'm curious if there's any change in terms of the 12-month impact that we were thinking of when you originally guided?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Just a couple of things I want to clarify. So, when we're talking about core price and yield, that is on the solid waste business. That's what's included in those numbers. I want to point that out, because any change in environmental solutions revenue, whether it be price or volume is on a single line item when we sit there and reconcile the change in revenue. So, as we're talking about 5% yield, as you think about the sequential improvement from the CPI-linked contracts, we think to the second half of the year, that's probably about a 20 basis point increase or so in yield second half versus our second quarter performance, within a further step up, probably somewhere in that kind of mid fives as we sit there and look at 2023 [ph] today.
Michael Calleja: Got it. And Brian and Jon, I'm curious, if we look back at your historical peak margin of 31% EBITDA range in 2010, 2011. I know one main factors, why margins were below that over the last decade was the low CPI. So, as we move into a CPI range of 3%, let's say, in a multi year basis, which was consistent with prior cycles, how different is the business setup today in terms of streamline operations, routing, costs, like how different is this business today with for a CPI 3%, 3.5%, long term compared to where we were in prior cycles? Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Stronger on both fronts. We're certainly stronger on the customer side, which leads to revenue on all fronts. It's a healthier customer mix. Again, I don't think that we talk enough about the economics of loyalty in this business. Every revenue dollars equals. Some customers are willing to stay with you longer. That's why core price is interesting, but yield becomes the ultimate pricing metric. And that's the one that really connects to the P&L, because it factors in the customer that you gain and lose. And you gain and lose those customers at very different rates with the same cost structure. So, yield becomes very important. So we've got the healthier customer base. We've got better tools, right and better technology that help us work with our local teams and price vary dynamically across all of our 300 plus market, so we feel better about that. And then we're more efficient. The rise of digital platform has been a big game changer for us. We've taken out $40 million of cost. And we think over the next 18 to 24 months, we got another $60 million to take out just in terms of driving efficiency and getting the same amount of work done in a shorter period of time. And so, where CPI goes? Listen, we've lived in all kinds of different environments here. I can tell you, it'd be really low, right. Doesn't work very well for the industry. And we've seen that period. The current number obviously isn't great either. Even though the results are good, we're out of balance as an economy, right with labor constraints and an unsustainable way where it's impacting consumer spending everything else. So modulating something into a 2%, 3%, 4%, I think you're going to find very healthy dynamics for our business, and really good performance.
Michael Calleja: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Hi, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Brian. So I just want to clarify and be clear on modeling question here. But what is the expected revenue contribution in 2022 from M&A based on the guide?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So if you take a look at the total contribution from acquisitions, it's a 9.3%. Or that which is close, has close and that includes US Ecology. If you were to exclude US Ecology, that would be about 300 basis points.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And then is there -- you mentioned a benefit in a rollover in 2023. Can you decide based on what's closed, what rolls over?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So including US Ecology that would also be about 300 basis points. Or, again, US Ecology plus deals close today.
Tyler Brown: Yes. Okay. And then going back to the prior question, did you say that you think your restricted book will be up circa mid 5% next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: So overall, and we kind of talked about the cadence of average yield. And so, again, with a with a 5%, average yield than the second quarter, we see second half improving 15 to 20 basis points compared to our second quarter performance. And then as we look forward to 2023, again, assuming that things stay relatively stable on the open market portion of our business, that's where we think of average yield right now in kind of that mid 5%. overall
Tyler Brown: Yield. Okay, that helps. You talked about just over $3.9 billion in EBITDA for this year. If I do that calculation, it kind of implies, call it a 43% to 44% free cash conversion. I think last quarter, you reendorsed that 47% for 2024. So, can you kind of build that bridge that three to 400 basis point uplift and conversion. I mean, is that lower leverage? Is that a better closure, post closure, cash taxes, CapEx. Just how do we get there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. A majority of that would be as we revert to that three times leverage, right, so we're going to reduce the interest expense. At the same time though capturing the synergies, that's all going to be a creative to both EBITDA margin as well as to free cash flow conversion. So, the combination really of the US Ecology integration, the reduction in interest expense over time, is that line of sight to that 47% free cash flow conversion.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I think we're 100 days in on US Ecology. Any high level thoughts about portfolio rationalization. Do all the lines make sense?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So there's a couple of things that are a strategic review, right. And we'll announce those when we've taken a decision on those items. The vast majority of what we bought, we like, and we're going to keep and operate. And there's a couple of things that we're taking a look at that might not be the best fit, somebody else might be the natural owner.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Last one, I promise. And it's a bit of a strange question. But is there an extra workday in Q3, because of how 4th of July fell?
Brian DelGhiaccio: I think Q3 is relatively flat year-over-year. Q4, there might be a quarter of a difference.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Yee with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Yee: Hi, good afternoon. I want to ask about how you're thinking about capital allocation in terms of debt repayment versus acquisitions. Is the leverage ratio coming down really just coming from EBITDA going up? Or are you planning to repay debt? And also how are you thinking about share repurchases?
Brian DelGhiaccio: I would say that on the reverting the three times leverage is most likely a combination of both. So again, the debt that we assumed as a result of the US Ecology acquisition, paying down probably not all of it, but a portion of that, as well as just the growth in the underlying EBITDA dollars is certainly going to help the leverage calculation, but think of it as a combo of both.
Stephanie Yee: Okay.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Go ahead, if you just have a follow up question.
Stephanie Yee: Oh, sorry. I just going to -- I think you're going to comment on the share repurchases.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. As far as share repurchases. So, we were a buyer in the first quarter. We said that we are going to prioritize at this point the debt repayment, relatively short term outlook on that as far as 12 months or less. But we always remain opportunistic on repurchasing shares, and we will continue to do so.
Stephanie Yee: Okay. And if I can just ask one more question. I know you provided that free cash flow conversion target in 2024. You did really outright state and adjusted EBITDA margin target. But if we add in kind of the $40 million of cost synergies, are we looking at total company EBITDA margin kind of getting close to or above 30% over that same timeframe?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And I think that that's a realistic goal for us as we think about just through the cycle, being able to expand the EBITDA margin 30 to 50 basis points per year. So over that two-year periods you can see that that 30% is a realistic target.
Stephanie Yee: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the questions. First one is sort of guidance, housekeeping item. Does guidance contemplate the reinstatement of the CNG tax credit? And if you're not including it, what if that were to be renewed with the contribution be incremental in terms of EBITDA?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. No, we did not include that in the guide. We're going to wait until that's actually law at this point. For us, that's about a $15 million annual impact if it were to be fully reinstated.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. And then, you mentioned pricings exceeding internal cost inflation. Just looking at some of these cost line items. I mean, you're getting leverage in labor, in maintenance and repairs. I wonder if you could give us some color on how you're seeing the rate of internal cost inflation from 1Q to now 2Q and where do you think it goes in the back half of the year?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We certainly, we come out with a annual wage increase in the first part of the year, obviously, for people. And as the market -- inflation has persisted and these markets have remained challenge, we've been going into select markets and putting in additional wages where we need to. And, again, we'll do whatever we need to do to retain our people who run the business forever, not for the quarter, not for the year on that front. So, that's certainly gone up from the first quarter, the second quarter. We now see kind of what we're doing with that flat lining throughout the rest of the year, kind of ending the -- end of the year with wage inflation in the high fours.
Noah Kaye: Good. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Betsy. We are proud of our second quarter performance. We continue to manage the business to create long term value for all stakeholders. I would like to thank our 39,000 employees for their continued hard work and commitment to provide our customers with first-class service to create a more sustainable world. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Republic Services' First Quarter 2022 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Stacey Mathews, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Stacey Mathews: Hello. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2022 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our Chief Executive Officer; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our Chief Financial Officer, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is May 5th, 2022. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities; along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. On today's call, we will provide a forward-looking non GAAP measures related to recent acquisitions and projects under development. We are unable to reconcile these estimates to relevant GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts because purchase accounting adjustments are not complete, and the timing of development projects can vary. I want to remind you that our public management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When these events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Stacey. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. We had a strong start to the year which keeps us well-positioned to achieve our full year goals. The outcomes we're delivering reflect our focus on profitably growing, the recycling and solid waste business and expanding our environmental solutions business, so we can offer the most complete set of products and services to our customers. The investments we're making in the business are taking hold and creating undeniable value, while further strengthening our three differentiated capabilities of customer zeal, digital, and sustainability. During the first quarter, we delivered revenue growth a 14%, generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.14, which is a 23% increase over the prior year and produced $531 million of adjusted free cash flow, which is a 14% increase over the prior year. We continue to believe that investing in acquisitions is the best use of free cash flow to create long-term value. Earlier this week, we closed the acquisition of US Ecology. This acquisition propels Republic into a leading position in the environmental solutions and adds a platform of high quality assets. We have customer overlap between our $1.5 billion manufacturing vertical and US Ecology's $1 billion book of business. We estimate our cross selling opportunity at $75 million to $100 million. We're excited to welcome US Ecology employees to the Republic team and will benefit from their deep expertise in specialty waste handling. We also invested $66 million in other acquisitions during the quarter. We also have approximately $400 million of deals in the advanced stages of closing, all of which are in the traditional recycling and solid waste space. In addition to investing in acquisitions, we returned $349 million to our shareholders, this includes $203 million in share repurchases and $146 million in dividends. We are experiencing meaningful traction developing our differentiated capabilities where actions are leading to outcomes. Our aspiration is to live in a world-class customer experience which we call Customer Zeal. Our customer retention rate remains at a record setting level of 95%. This has enabled us to generate the highest level of pricing retention and company history and generate outsized revenue growth throughout the business. During the first quarter, core price reached an all-time high of 6%, and average yield increased to 4.2%. Volumes increased 3.6% compared to the prior year and acquisitions contributed an incremental 390 basis points to total revenue growth. Regarding digital, we completed the rollout of RISE tablets in our small and large container fleet. We continue to see tangible benefits of this proprietary technology for our customers and within our operation. We will begin deploying tablets in the residential fleet later this month and expect to be complete by mid-2023. We recently went live with the finance and procurement modules of our new ERP system, which will streamline back office activities and empower local leaders with enhanced data. Next, turning to sustainability. We continue to believe that environmental sustainability and economic sustainability go hand-in-hand. We are passionate about doing things that are good for the future generations in a way that generates profitable growth for our business. In March, the company announced our plans to expand our participation in the plastics value chain with a nation's first integrated plastics recycling facility. The Republic Services Polymer Center will address the growing demand for recycled plastics, while enabling CPG brands to meet their sustainability goals. Based in Las Vegas, this will be the first of three to five centers nationwide, and is scheduled to open in late 2023. We expect this polymer center will generate an incremental $50 million of revenue with an EBITDA margin at or above total company performance. Earlier today, we announced our joint venture with Archaea to develop 39 renewable natural gas projects that are landfills. These projects generate attractive returns and accelerate achievement of our ambitious 2030 sustainability goal of increasing biogas for beneficial reuse by 50%. The projects are expected to come online between 2023 and 2027, at which point approximately 70% of our total landfill gas collected will be beneficially reused. This joint venture together with our 17 landfill gas to energy projects under development are expected to generate approximately $100 million of incremental EBITA. We continue to be recognized for our commitment to sustainability, Republic Services was named a Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list for the fourth time. I will now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Core price during the first quarter was 6%, which included open market pricing of 7.6% and restricted pricing of three and a half percent. The components of core price included small container of 9% large container of 6.8% and residential of 5.3%. Average yield on total revenue was 4.2%, which represents an increase of 80 basis points when compared to our fourth quarter performance. Average yield unrelated revenue with 4.5%. The outperformance and average yield is a direct result of higher core price increases in the face of more persistent cost inflation, dynamically adjusting rates for new work to match demand and increase price retention which illustrates customer willingness to pay for high value services. We expect average yields remain above 4% for the remainder of the year. First quarter volume increased 3.6%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 4.1%, an increase in large container of 4.6% and an increase in landfill of 4.7%. This level of volume performance was in line with our expectations. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $201 per ton in the first quarter. This compares to $133 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales contributed 40 basis points to internal growth during the first quarter. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. First quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $64 million from the prior year. This was driven by organic growth from increased activity and the contribution from acquisitions. On a same-store basis, Environmental Solutions contributed 40 basis points to internal growth during the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the first quarter was 30.4%. This compared to 30.7%. In the prior year, margin performance during the quarter included underlying margin expansion of 70 basis points and a 40 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices, which was offset by a 70 basis point headwind from net fuel and a 70 basis point decrease from recent acquisitions. Within the underlying business, we are seeing wage inflation of approximately 4%. price increase is more than offset this level of cost inflation before considering the impact from productivity improvements. SG&A expense excluding US Ecology deal and integration costs was 10.2% of revenue. This was flat with the prior year. Adjusted free cash flow for the quarter was $531 million and increased $67 million or 14% compared to the prior year. This was driven by EBITDA growth in the business. Capital expenditures of approximately $200 million during the first quarter represents 15% of our projected full year spend, we remain on track to spend our full year budgeted capital expenditures. Total debt was $9.6 billion and total liquidity was $2.8 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.8 times. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and non-cash charges from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25% during the first quarter. As Jon mentioned, we closed the acquisition of us ecology earlier this week. Our initial perspective on the contribution from us ecology for the remaining eight months of the year, is as follows revenue of approximately $720 million and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $130 million, which includes $5 million of realized synergies. We also expect EPS contribution to be flat to slightly positive. As a reminder, EPS includes the impact of intangible amortization, and relatively higher interest expense, as debt associated with the acquisition is expected to be highest during the first year. Annualized, this would represent a year one contribution of $1 billion of revenue, and approximately $170 million of EBITDA, which includes $10 million of first year synergies, we still believe there at least $40 million of cost synergies that will be realized during the first three years. We intend to incorporate the contribution from US Ecology into our full year guidance in July. Once the impact of purchase accounting is better known, and other areas subject evaluation are substantially complete. With that operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon.
Jon Vander Ark: Good afternoon Tyler.
Tyler Brown: So, the landfill gas announcement, obviously pretty exciting. I think in your sustainability report, you guys already have something like 75 projects operating today. And if my math is right, which is always scary, but I think that maybe makes up a little more than half of the municipal solid waste landfills that you collect data on. So, number one, am I closest in the right ballpark? And two, this this deal with the 17 projects in development pretty much account for the remaining landfills in your fleet with enough ways to support a project, or some of these 39 at existing -- I'm going to call them, dirt gas operations, where you're upgrading to R&D [ph]?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, good question. So the 75, eight of those are solar projects. We put those together in our sustainability, portfolio is 67 today, right? We talked about another 17 in development, right? And then this project we announced with Archaea is another 39. Four of those projects of the 39 are basically recapping existing projects of the existing 67 I talked about, so it's mostly new and incremental. So, that kind of -- if you fast-forward to 2027, you got a few more that come become an inert, because that's the goal of the landfill, obviously, is to sunset it. So, that would take us from 67 today to 116 and 2027 with everything we're talking about.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. Yes, very helpful. And then just financially, what will we kind of see what you put up the money in one big chunk? Or do you do that as we go along? And then Brian would you just recognize it as like an income in non-controlling interest? And then they'll basically pay you a dividend back? Or how exactly what the mechanics were?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, no, we'll do it ratably investing, it's not just one big chunk, right into this joint venture. And then essentially, we get, you know, there's two forums of our return on that there's a royalty agreement, which is more typical of what we have on our typical projects, or existing projects, rather. And then we'll be in the minority equity investor in these and then Brian, you could talk about, we're going to hit the geographies.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So for the royalty similar to what we have today, Tyler, the royalty will just come through revenue, right. And you'll see that then most -- there's really no cost offsets, and most of that flows down to the EBITDA line item. And then for the portion where we've got that minority interest, that'll be a one line pickup, which will be -- again, it'll be included in our EBITDA, but it'll be separately distinguished so that you can actually see what its contribution is.
Tyler Brown: Okay, okay. That's helpful. Guys thats very helpful. Lastly, you're just -- we were kind of perusing the US Ecology tend to look like they kind of struggled this quarter that really pinched on cost. I think EBITDA was maybe down 10% year-on-year. So, what's the kind of the confidence around turning that business around quickly? I think you gave some color around the contribution, which seems like you're kind of expecting things to get a little bit better as the year plays out. But just maybe talk about the first 100 days there, what the plan is to really kind of get that this is turned for positive momentum?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, no, listen there first quarter was kind of right on what we had in the pro forma, right in terms of how we valued that businesses. And we're relatively conservative how we think about things. Integration begins now we had teams all over the country, welcoming our colleagues together. And frankly, it's been going on for weeks within the parameters of what we can do with DOJ and antitrust in terms of pre planning for the integration. So, we're already driving that through, we've got the four areas outlined, geographically, we've got those teams defined the leader and the Director for, right and where all the assets and divisions flow up through that. And so that includes integrating our own environmental solutions business into that. So, we took the best of best in terms of both, assets and people in terms of how those things are structured. So, we are well, on our way on that front. One of the big opportunities there is to integrate the great set of post collection assets that have with the field services, resources. And you know, COVID was kind of a trip up for them to be able to do that in a full way. And we've got the benefit of you know, not being out of COVID, but being in a very different stage of COVID. And so again, integrating those things together and, applying our considerable revenue management capabilities to that business, looking at the go-to-market approach, all those things are underway right now.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, one thing I would add to just on the performance in the first quarter, Tyler, as well as that the performance got better throughout the quarter.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and just real quickly, just to clarify, Jon, I thought you said $75 million to 100 million and $100 million and synergies and Brian said $40 million -- was just cost or what--?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, let me -- yes, the $40 million is just cost and like we value every deal, right? We have really understand the standalone intrinsic value of an enterprise and then right we value cost synergies, because we've got line of sight to that incremental to that $40 million, right, we see $75 million to $100 million of cross sell opportunities, right, probably realized over two and a half to three year period -- revenue, synergies, sorry. And then in addition to that, we've better than good any pricing. And we'll take a very hard look immediately, in terms of understanding that we're getting a return on all the work we do, and where there's an opportunity, especially in an inflationary environment, to make sure that we're getting our costs covered and more.
Tyler Brown: Right, right. Okay, great. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. You mentioned the 4% wage inflation and that seemed really good for this environment and what we've heard from others. Can you give any color on maybe how you've been able to limit wage inflation if you've had any strategies around that et cetera?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I would say the seeds that were sown many years ago, right, we think about being a place where the best people come to work and making sure that our people get a fair increase every year. So even in very low inflationary environments, where CPI was running sub 1%, we always gave our people, a 2% to 3% increase in their wages, and the added benefits probably north of that. And so I would say, very fit and healthy cost structure coming in to this inflationary environment. And then we're very disciplined and surgical, we believe in market pay. And so we understand market pay and market dynamics, right across all the 800 dots on our map of where we operate. And so we've made individual indelible across the board kind of ratable cost of living increases every year. And then we go in and do additional moves, where we need to make sure that we're staying very competitive in the market. And we're still going through that, right. That's an ongoing process, ongoing science. And we believe in the local team. We also believe in the discipline and the expertise of our HR team. And we'll be able to do a centralized review, that we're doing things in a smart way. And I think you'll see us do some more of that in the third and fourth quarter here. All of which will result in a scale pricing ahead of our cost inflation of better productivity, which will allow us to expand our margins.
Toni Kaplan: That sounds great. I wanted to ask also on the renewable energy side, just given the really strong increase in gasoline and diesel prices, has that changed your approach to renewable energy projects? Has it caused any thoughts about pulling forward investments in new facilities or more alternative fuel vehicles? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, one of the reasons we're really excited about this joint venture as we think it allows us to get after a portfolio of landfills, right that we bid this out, and in a very competitive process, and really excited about our partner, but that we take on all of those projects, and those projects of varying returns. And some of those things, probably we wouldn't have independently gone after in a standalone basis, just given the size and scale. So, we're able to go deeper into our fleet of landfills with projects, which is exciting, we're also able to go faster, right, we can get after all 39 of these and the next, in addition to the 18 that we have in flight, or something we haven't flight, we feel really excited to be able to go after that opportunity that quickly because of that market. As it relates to fleet, we are long on electrification, about 20% of our fleet is CNG and we certainly have that as part of the portfolio. But all of our energy going forward is on electric vehicles.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. Thank you. And I also want to thank you for the very kind gesture you did a few weeks ago. I appreciate it. The 4% wage inflation, how does that translate into internal cost of inflation -- total internal cost inflation?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Relatively consistent, Michael, when you take a look -- I mean, I think just to put it into perspective, I talked about expansion in the underlying business of 70 basis points, I think you take that 4% cost inflation and compare that to that yield unrelated revenue, which is four and a half, and then you get, 10, 20 basis points of productivity, that is the expansion that we're seeing in the quarter.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. You anticipated part B of that. But I will ask you to RISE is fully rolled out in small and large container? Does it take that rate of productivity improvement and walk it up now, because you have it more comprehensively distributed? And then this is all about taking minutes out and lowering engine hours and the like?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, listen, when you first put it in, right you there's a little learning curve, and then you get your biggest wave of productivity improvement, right? When you can start to standardize the work and get the routing efficiently. And then in those existing sites, you just start to see incremental improvement over time. We're really happy about our productivity number this quarter. Given that we had a lot of the headwinds of traffic coming back, right people coming back to work society opening up and still be able to overcome that and still see some productivity is a great signal to us or indicator of what RISE is delivering was a we'll see this more in the residential fleet. And then as we go forward, there's a kind of a 2.0 of RISE of starting to get more into advanced analytics. How do we even take the analysts and build those routes more scientifically? How do we start to do more benchmarking across geographies, to understand what the true performance improvement opportunities are? And yes, I think you'll see steady radical improvement as we go forward.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And we the way we're looking at it right now, Michael, is that we probably have more opportunity left than we realized life-to-date.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. And then last one on the landfill gas to energy development, you're putting up 27% of the capital? I'm assuming you control the gas and these other guys need the gas, they can't do what they want to do, even if they got a lot of money. So, what's the economic split?
Brian DelGhiaccio: For that investment, we have a 40% ownership in the JV.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, and Jon, you've talked about that $100 million number over and over again, consistently, but it now looks like the whole thing is a lot bigger. Because I thought the $100 million related to your 17, you were developing, and now it were, or is this an incremental $100 million plus or $100 million for the 17?
Jon Vander Ark: No, this is $100 million total, Michael. So again, that -- the 17 was, call it about $25 million incremental. And then this new JV call it $75 million, for a total of $100 million for all 56 projects that are under development.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, keep in mind, Michael, these are -- we're into medium sized sites. So these are kind of, , sub 2,000 SCFM sites. And what we'll see over time is kind of randomly going through some of the legacy projects we have on bigger sites, they'll reach their natural end of -- the project needs to be recapped. Many times, it'll be electricity project that will take into RNG and then those will be bigger sites that will go into this joint venture.
Michael Hoffman: Got it, All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Han [indiscernible] filling in for Hamza. So my first question is, could you just comment on the quarterly cadence of operating leverage and margin this year? And then just what your labor turnover is running versus pre-pandemic?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, let me take that, you know, the margin question here. So, again, if you take a look at the first quarter, and how we performed, what we see going forward, and we're on a sequential basis is that the fuel really started increasing in March, right now, we're kind of saying it's going to stay elevated. That's the assumption right now for the rest of the year. So sequentially, we see a 30 basis point headwind, from the impact of fuel. Now, we're also seeing better level of pricing. So we think that we can mostly offset that. But that margin would stay relatively flat, if you will, from our q1 performance, that's on the traditional recycling and solid waste space. If you then layer in the, you know, the US Ecology acquisition, that's going to create about a 70 basis point impact margin for the remainder of the year.
Jon Vander Ark: Labor -- in terms of labor turnover, but it's a little bit of a mixed picture, right, slightly elevated to pre-pandemic levels and some roles, certainly down and other roles. I'd say, look for the labor market remains tight, right? And that we would hire some more drivers, for sure, if we could get them and so back to running the business for the quarter of the year running it for the long-term. So, we're looking at all the markets and seeing where we have any elevated turnover understanding, right? If we need to put a little more wage into those markets, we will now wage is not always the answer as part of why people work. It's not all the reason why, it can be shift schedule, it can be their leader can be lots of things. So, we're very mindful of that. But again, we feel like we've got certainly a very good handle on inflation relative to pricing and our ability to cover our costs.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then just, on the hazardous waste exposure, can you just talk about what that level of exposure is compared to what your portfolio is right now? And how big it could get, understanding of the solid waste portfolio will also grow? And then just, you know, if you could touch on the cyclicality of that hazardous waste business?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I'd say hazardous, we didn't have any exposure. Technically, I think your question more broadly is environmental solutions versus recycling and solid waste. Right now, we got about a $400 million business in that space with the acquisition of US Ecology fast forward, that takes us to about $1.4 billion opportunity in that space. With a we think when the integrating field services and the post collection side of that it's got a relatively similar profile in terms of volatility in that space, and that there's a mix of project based work and a mix of recurring revenue, probably slightly higher, but when you mix the two parts of the business together, right doesn't meaningfully change our profile any respect. And in terms of growth prospects, we start with recycling and solid waste. We've never been more excited about our growth, growth prospects. They're both organically and through M&A. In addition, this platform with US Ecology gives us great geographic coverage and an opportunity to do follow-on tuck-in acquisitions to build out some product and service lines or to fill out a few smaller geographies.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Good afternoon, everyone.
Jon Vander Ark: Hi, Jerry.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Hi, Jerry
Jerry Revich: Hi. I'm wondering, if you could just talk about on US Ecology, look, maybe it's too soon, but what's the nature of their landfill agreements? How quickly can you apply RSG's pricing mechanism to the landfill part of the business based on the contract structure? Is that something you're comfortable discussing on this call?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Look, we are very well-run assets. So we start with compliance, right? Great compliance, a great set of assets, right, that are well maintained, great compliance culture, great compliance capability and technical capability that we've acquired with US Ecology. So we're really excited about that and that really is the foundation, right? That allows us to go to customers and offer them solutions that they're comfortable with that we  because they have producer liability, right? So we will maintain right, their waste streams in a way that is very compliant that they feel good about, that doesn't create liability for our customers that allows us then to price for the value that we're delivering to our customers. So we'll take a hard look at that. Again, we start with not the asset. We start with the customers, and we work our way back into the assets. And that begins right away, and it's a mix of contracted business in spot. And obviously, the spot, we can look at very quickly. The contractor side of that will take a little more time. But over time, you'll see, I think, steady improvement in that area.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then on the RNG contracts, the $100 million assumption can you just touch on what that assumes in terms of gas price per MMBTU? And would you mind just commenting on if you have any off-take agreements at this point or how you're thinking about the opportunity set?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, the JV just got announced, right? And we haven't developed the project yet. So we don't have any agreements. But I can give you some of the assumptions, right? We've got pretty conservative assumptions about gas flow, which we think we could probably beat over time. This assumes a $2 Brent price. It will be a mix of fixed versus spot, probably more fixed than spot over time, but we'll decide what that looks like together.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Super. And lastly, can you talk about how you expect the pricing cadence to play out over the course of the second quarter based on actions that you've announced to customers? And if you can touch on, when you expect inflation to peak if you have that type of visibility?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Jerry, as I mentioned in my comments, we expect average yield to remain above 4%. Again, if you can take a look at the restricted portion of the business where we have those index-based price resets, 60% of our portfolio resets in the second half of the year. So if you can look for relatively consistent performance throughout the year, but I would sit there and say probably slightly higher in the second half than we saw in the first half.
Jon Vander Ark: Terrific. Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. If I look at your average yield to core price, I guess, conversion rate, I know that's not a great way to look at it. But that's been trending up nicely. You hit 70% in the first quarter here. And I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned retention at 95%. Does that suggest this is close to an upper bound of that conversion rate? Or are there are there things you can do to continue to narrow that gap?
Jon Vander Ark: There's certainly things we can do to improve it, which is just when we talk about our strategy around customer zeal and digital and sustainability, those are all things our customers value deeply, and we think are differentiated. And not every provider can offer that. And as we create a better offering, right, our customers are willing to pay more and stay longer. So that's the essence of what we do. Now there is a structural  there are things like people move, right, or businesses close. So there's things structurally, right, that I don't think we'll ever get to 100% loyalty. But at one point, we were sub 90% and then we got to 92%, and then we kept climbing the curve, and that's the aspiration to continue to get a little bit better because the offering is that much stronger. And as you know, the economics of loyalty in this industry are very, very strong. When customers stay longer, that's certainly very valuable for us.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. And there's two components to that calculation. There's retaining more but there's also pricing at a higher level for new business, right? Both of those go into the equation. So as we expand the environmental solutions business, as we have the most complete set of products and offerings. We think that we offer to our customers we have a better value proposition, and we can then charge more for those services from a new business perspective.
Kevin Chiang: Right. No, that makes sense. You're obviously seeing great momentum there. Just my second question, I think you mentioned earlier you're all in or at least you're focused on electric vehicles here. And I'm just wondering as a buyer of that technology, what do you think the bottleneck right now is for mass adoption? And I guess when you're evaluating what's in front of you, like what are the KPIs that matter the most? Is it just things like battery density? Or do things like supply chain resiliency given all that's happened in the past 9 months, like does that play a greater role? Or would you prefer a vendor that, for example, had vertically integrated their battery technology so that they're not dependent on somebody else, which creates execution risk on your orders? Just wondering how you kind of look at that evolution here.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Well, good question. Both are relevant. Certainly, functionality, right, and the bottlenecks of weight and range, right? But for us, the operative metric is a truck has got to be able to deliver a full route in a day, right, without having a mid-day charge. That kind of creates the economics of it because whatever benefit you get, you burn up on productivity on a midday charge. And again, we feel very optimistic about where we're headed on that front. Of late, we are working really hard on some short-term exemptions with state and local municipalities. Again, I've already made some progress on that front as well, and I don't think that will be a hurdle or a barrier. We're very mindful of the supply chain with our partners to understand that, hey, what's our confidence in them being able to deliver this over time and obviously, the world has changed a lot in the last, not only two years, but the last 71 days. So we're cognizant of that and certainly baked that into our plans, but still all that being said, optimistic about the progress of starting to buy electric vehicles at scale within the next two and half, three years.
Kevin Chiang: Perfect. That's it for me. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, guys. Nice start to the year here. Would it be possible to drop the US Ecology outlook commentary to free cash flow both for this year and on an annualized basis?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Look, in these first couple of years, let's just take this year for example, we're thinking conversion in call it, the 20% range. And again, there's some elevated capital spending in particular with the landfill. We're building out landfill disposal capacity, which takes us into 2022 and 2023 that then modulates. And as we've talked about before, we still see 47% conversion as a consolidated company by 2024.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it, helpful. And maybe putting US Ecology aside, and just looking at stand-alone RSG, could you refresh any of the components of the year-over-year margin bridge for the full year? We had the $60 million to $70 million from pricing ahead of inflation. I think we had $50 million from normalizing incentive comp, and then that was offset by 40 basis points from net fuel and 40 basis points from acquisitions. Is there anything in that bridge you'd be able to refresh for us here?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. What I would probably say is that, the big things that change relative to our initial assumption is that fuel at current prices creates an additional 50 basis point headwind and think about pricing in excess of cost inflation offsetting that outside of US Ecology. So, relatively consistent expectation for the full year, just getting there a slightly different way.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much. I want to ask about some of the volume trends in the quarter. I know that the comps weren't too tough, but you did outperform, I think, relative to the industry. So I wonder if you could touch on what you're seeing in the markets. What are net new business trends? What are you seeing in terms of business formation? Where might have actually surprised a little bit to the upside on volumes in the quarter? And I guess the last part of that is, how much of this is really just being in the right markets? And how much of it is potentially attributable to share gains?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, I think you're still -- you're seeing this company of the country rather open up kind of post-COVID. And some of that we saw last summer, but some we didn't, I think, I mentioned this before California, right didn't really open up, because they were thinking about opening up the, Omicron variant have hit them, right. And we didn't see quite the lift -- see the lift, we do there. So you're certainly seeing some of that comeback. And that is, we're benefiting from our geographic footprint on that, including where our population is growing, right, our Sun Belt exposure helps, as you see people going into Texas, in Arizona and other places that at large volumes. And then listen to all of our investments into customer zeal and digital right are showing up in terms of organic growth. And that were winning on the street. I think it's very tough to compete right now in a challenge labor environment. I think, there's some people on equipment challenges, right, given supply chain shortages. And we feel very good about our equipment deliveries, feel good about our team, but it is a tight labor market. So we would take more drivers if we could this place, but feel pretty good about how we're being able to sell them service customers.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Now that leads into my next question, which is on the M&A front, you mentioned, and they wanted to get last year, the $400 million of short-term potential pipeline. But what do you think about the current challenging operating environment in terms of its impact on M&A? We certainly seen some pretty healthy activities started the year. But how do you see that potentially affecting the pace and the pipeline of the M&A opportunity? Yeah, I think it remains strong. And we remain very encouraged about our outlook in that space. And as I think a number of things have helped us and probably helped the industry in the last three years, right. First, you had the fear around tax reform, and that driving some selling activity. You had COVID, and that making it a very challenging environment. And now you got an inflationary environment with a constrained labor market, where it's just getting tougher to compete, right? Add to that all the digital investments we're making at a scale that's very tough for other people to replicate, that are providing a better product to our customers. And I think that drives the opportunity for us to not only grow organically, but also have a very attractive M&A pipeline going forward.
Noah Kaye: Great, thanks. Nice quarter.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio : Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Calleja with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Mike Calleja : Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Brian, I think you mentioned Ecology, I think it's 70 bps dilutive to margins for this year. How do we think about your margins now, as you guys integrate Ecology, especially this year? And in context of your 31%, 32% target getting back there, is pushing out a year? How can we kind of think about it with the integration now this business?
Brian DelGhiaccio : Yes. So Mike, we're going to sit there and we are going to separate when we think about reporting, we're going to separate the environmental solutions space into its own segment. So as we think about the recycling and solid waste space, we have direct line of sight to that 32% margin. But this is structurally that the business is different on the environmental solution space, but we think there's opportunity. And so this is something where we'll take longer to get there on a consolidated company basis, sure. But we look at continual improvement, not only the realization of the synergies, the cost synergies, but as Jon mentioned, we didn't include any of the revenue synergies, whether it be any additional price into that performance. So, again, you'll be able to see the case, and we'll talk about our expertise [Technical Difficulty] as we provide annual guidance.
Mike Calleja : Perfect. That's helpful. And then just lastly, Brian, I think, eco reported $150 million of EBITDA in 2021. So the $130 million of EBITDA over the eight months, what level of organic growth are we assuming and the margins look like it's a little higher than last year? I might not be comparing apples-to-apples there. So any calls you can address on that pick up? And just lastly, I know I think Jerry asked earlier. I'm just curious, like, how does pricing work on this business? We know the restrictive and the CPI in the open market. And on the solid waste side curiously, if you can add color on, on how that kind of plays out on that environmental services book. Thanks, guys.
Brian DelGhiaccio : Yes. So let me talk a little bit about the EBITDA. So again, there's seasonality in the business. So let's talk about what we're expecting for a full first year contribution on an equivalent. So before any synergies, we would sit there and say, we were expecting about $160 million worth of EBITDA that would compare to the 150 odd million that you were referring to. So that would be the year-over-year growth. We then layered in again, a full year would be about $10 million of first year synergies. What that means for the eight months based on the acquisition date, that's what translates into that $130 million of EBITDA, which includes $5 million worth of real life synergies.
Jon Vander Ark : And then, Mike on pricing, I think the best analog is think about the solid waste and recycling space. So you think about the post collection assets of U.S. Ecology and special waste, right? Those are event based deals, and special waste has some recurring streams. And it has some event based streams, if you're only in post collections, right? You're a taker in both of those, and you're typically giving more spot based pricing, sometimes more continuous streams are contracted, but contracted typically for shorter periods of time. And then the generator or the collector of those streams bids that out. The opportunity here is to integrate into field services, right, they have the assets, but driving that full integration, which allows you then to drive pricing from the customer, which drives more longer contracted and more consistency in the price, right, reduces the volatility of that demand. And so that is the focus right understanding generators of consistent streams of specialty waste, hazardous handling, and being able to supply them, right, and integrating that, right, into the landfills. And overtime again we saw this over a decade and a half. And it's always recycling space. That's how pricing power emanated is integrating those two things and not thinking about those two things as separate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Stephanie Yee with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Yee: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to ask how the team came up with the $75 to $100 million of cross-selling opportunity. Specifically, is that kind of a realistic estimate, or is there conservatism in that number?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So it was certainly bottom up. It wasn't a top down one. And we're in this space, right? We've been in big -- pretty big footprint in the Gulf Coast now for few years. Last year, we acquired ACB, which gave us a footprint in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic. And so we're seeing it, right, we've already gone to market together. And we're seeing opportunities to serve customers, because we now have the broadest set of environmental services, products and services. And so customers -- bigger customers value that one stop shop offering, they want fewer suppliers in their facility, they like the assurance of what we can do with those materials. So we're seeing that winning in that space. We think we're used to ecology. Now you just have much bigger patch of land, right? We've got about a billion and a half manufacturing business. They're about a billion in revenue, right. And we lay that across in terms of number of customers and take a fairly conservative estimate in terms of the types of penetration we can get across that. That's how we came up with 75 million to 100 million.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And as Jon mentioned, the proof points have been there with the acquisitions that we've already done in our existing business to be able to see that that cross-sell opportunity is real.
Stephanie Yee: Okay. That's helpful. And if I can ask, now that you closed on the acquisition, do you feel comfortable talking about whether you would consider divesting any parts of U.S. ecologies business? Or whether that's even part of the consideration that you're evaluating down the line?
Jon Vander Ark: Sure, yes. There's a smaller international business, and they have a standby business. Both are good businesses. I think the question is, are we the national owners of those assets? So we'll start with international and put that under our view and understand, hey, how integrated is that? Whatever else we do and give it, get it, we're not an international player, right? We're North American player. We'll take a hard look there and the and the next level of I have to stay and -- again, we always start with a customer, what's the customer interaction and overlap and then we go into assets in terms of what we share in facilities, right, and then we'll get into the ability to disintegrate that sometimes it's something so tightly connected, right? It's tough to divest of that. But if it's unrelated on the customer side of the assets I typically answer is it's easier to devise that so we'll put both of those under review in that sequence and while we'll update you accordingly.
Stephanie Yee: Okay, okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Betsy. In closing, we are proud of our first quarter performance, which demonstrates the value our strategic investments are creating. We continue to manage the business to create long-term value for all stakeholders. I would like to thank all our employees for their continued hard work and commitment to partnering with customers to create a more sustainable world. We look forward to seeing everyone at Waste Expo next week, as we proudly recognize our four drivers of the year and celebrate Don Slager's well-deserved induction into the NWRA Hall of Fame. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2021 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Stacey Mathews, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Stacey Mathews : Hello. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Jon Vander Ark, our Chief Executive Officer; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our Chief Financial Officer, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 10, 2022. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities; along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Stacey. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Our fourth quarter performance capped off a very strong year financial results and operational execution. We outperformed expectations throughout the year and exceeded the high end of our upwardly revised guidance. During 2021, we generated adjusted earnings per share of $4.17, which increased 17% over the prior year, produced $1.52 billion of adjusted free cash flow, which increased 23% over the prior year. Expanded EBITDA margin 60 basis points to 30%, improved free cash flow conversion 350 basis points to 44.8% and increased customer retention rates to an all-time high of 95%. Profitable growth remains our strategic priority. And we continue to believe that investing in acquisitions is the best use of free cash flow to create long term value. In 2021, we invested over a $1 billion of acquisitions to further enhance our market position and increased free cash flow. This is the highest level of acquisition investment in over a decade. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust with opportunities in recycling and solid waste, and environmental solutions. Yesterday we announced our agreement to acquire US Ecology. This acquisition propels Republic into a leading position in the environmental solutions space, and as a platform of high quality assets and difficult to replicate infrastructure. I will discuss this strategic acquisition in more detail before we open up the call for Q&A. In addition to investing in acquisitions, we returned $800 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We delivered outsized growth and profitability by executing our strategy. Our strategy is supported by three differentiating capabilities, customer zeal, digital and sustainability. With respect to customer zeal, our customer retention rate remained at a record setting level of 95% and NPS remains well above pre pandemic scores. During the fourth quarter, we deliver an outsize revenue growth throughout the business. Core price reached an all-time high of 5.4% and average yield increase to 3.4%. Volumes increased 3.6% compared to the prior year, and acquisitions contributed an incremental 490 basis points to total revenue growth. Full year combined yield and volume of 6.7% was the highest level in company history, and over 200 basis points above the next highest year of performance. Turning to digital, we continue to make meaningful progress on the rollout of the next phase of the RISE platform. We've now implemented tablets in approximately 90% of our large and small container fleet. With these new capabilities, we generated operational efficiencies, and delivered over 1 million automated proactive notifications to customers last year. We will begin to point tablets to the residential fleet early this year, and expect to be complete by mid-2023. Next, turning to sustainability. We continue to partner with developers to capitalize on landfill gas to energy opportunities. We expect four of these projects to be completed this year. With another 14 in our pipeline expected to be completed over the next couple of years. We see an opportunity for another 40 projects beyond the current pipeline. We're also making recycling investments beginning in 2022 to afford integrate in the plastics value chain. These investments will provide a platform for future revenue growth with attractive returns and drive a more sustainable role for future generations. We will absorb these investments when our normal level of capital spending. Our sustainability performance continues to be well regarded as Republic Services was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the sixth consecutive year. Additionally, our MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to an A, which is the highest rating in our industry. One of the primary factors leading to the upgrade was an increase in our human capital management score. This reflects our strong culture that embraces inclusion and diversity. These strong financial and operational results would not have been possible without our dedicated employees. In appreciation of their hard work throughout the pandemic, we paid each frontline employee $500 Committed to Serve Award in the fourth quarter. Combined with the award paid in January of 2021, our frontline employees received an additional $1,000 during the year. This brings our total support provided through our Committed to Serve initiative to $50 million since the beginning of the pandemic. This strength of our 2021 results clearly demonstrates our ability to create sustainable value and provides the foundation from which we will continue to grow. That said we expect another strong year of performance in 2022. Specifically, we expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share in the range of $4.58 to $4.65 and generated adjusted free cash flow in the range of $1.625 billion to $1.675 billion. This represents high single digit to low double digit growth over our 2021 performance. It's important to note that this guidance as well as any assumptions we discussed in today's call, do not contemplate the impact from the pending acquisition of US Ecology. We will provide updates to our guidance if needed once the transaction closes. I will now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Core price during the fourth quarter was 5.4%, which included open market pricing of 7% and restricted pricing of 2.9%. The components of core price included small container of 8.6%, large container of 5.6% and residential of 4.8%. Average yield was 3.4%, which represents a 20 basis point increase from our third quarter performance. In 2022, we expect average yield of approximately 3.4%. This is an increase of 50 basis points over our full year 2021 results. Fourth quarter volume increased 3.6%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 4.6% and increase in large container of 3.7% and an increase in landfill of 6.7%. We expect organic volume growth in a range of 1.5% to 2% in 2022, which remains well above our long-term average. Moving on recycling. Commodity prices were $218 per ton in the fourth quarter. This compares to $110 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales contributed 110 basis points to internal growth during the fourth quarter. We are assuming $187 per ton for recycled commodities in 2022, which is consistent with the full year 2021 average. Next, turning to our Environmental Solutions business. Fourth quarter Environmental Solutions revenue increased $65 million from the prior year. This was driven by organic growth from increased activity and the contribution from acquisitions. On a same store basis Environmental Solutions contributed 20 basis points to internal growth during the fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter was 28.1%. This compared to 29.9% in the prior years, margin performance during the quarter was impacted by a 70 basis point headwind from higher incentive compensation expense, and we expect incentive compensation expense will return to target levels. Margin performance also included a 50 basis point dilutive impact from recent acquisitions, which included deal and transition costs. It should be noted that we pulled forward certain integration costs originally planned for 2022. The remaining impact of margin was primarily driven by a 50 basis point increase in risk management costs. The current period includes a one-time true up for an insurance captive net increased expense 20 basis points in the prior year included a 30 basis point favorable reduction in reserves which did not repeat. We expect risk management expense in 2022 to be relatively flat with our full year 2021 performance. For reference purposes, fourth quarter margin performance at target levels of incentive compensation and excluding the one-time Committed to Serve payment would have been 29.4%. The remaining difference to prior your margin performance relates to the impact of recent acquisitions. SG&A during the fourth quarter was 10.6% of revenue. This represents an increase of 60 basis points over the prior year, which was driven by higher incentive compensation approvals previously discussed. Full year 2021 EBITDA margin up 30% expanded 60 basis points compared to the prior year. This resulted from pricing levels in excess of cost inflation and effective cost management, which demonstrates our ability to gain operating leverage in the business. To put our operating leverage in the context, we estimate wage inflation net of productivity was approximately 3%. Our average yield of 3.4% more than covers this level of cost inflation, which is why labor and maintenance were both down as a percentage of revenue for the fourth quarter and for the year. In 2022, we expect EBITDA margin will continue to improve and our targeting margin expansion of 30 to 40 basis points over our full year 2021 performance. The components of expected margin expansion include pricing in excess of cost inflation, adding 60 to 70 basis points, and incentive compensation expense returning to target levels, adding 50 basis points, partially offset by acquisitions decreasing margin by 40 basis points and net fuel decreasing margin by 40 basis points. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.2% for the year. We expect DD&A as a percentage of revenue of approximately 11.5% in 2022. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.52 billion and increased $279 million or 23% compared to the prior year. This was driven by EBITDA growth in the business and a reduction in interest expense resulting from refinancing debt. Full year 2021 free cash flow conversion increased 350 basis points to 44.8%. We are targeting high 40% level conversion within the next couple of years. Total debt was $9.6 billion and total liquidity was $2.8 billion. Our leverage ratio was 2.9x. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and noncash charges from solar investments resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 24% during the fourth quarter. This was in line with our expectations and resulted in a 26% equivalent tax impact for the year. We expect an equivalent tax impact of 26% in 2022, made up of an effective tax rate of 21% and approximately $120 million of noncash charges from solar investments. Let me now turn it back over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up a call, let me provide a little more color on our recent announcement. With the addition of US Ecologys national footprint of vertically integrated assets, leading disposal infrastructure and comprehensive capabilities, we are better positioned to serve our customers with one of the most complete sets of products and services. This strategic acquisition provides a platform for additional organic and acquisitive growth, with cross selling opportunities for existing customers who want a single partner to manage their environmental services needs. We expect this acquisition to be immediately accretive to adjusted earnings and free cash flow and to create significant value with double digit returns for our shareholders. We are excited to welcome Us Ecologys talented employees to the Republic team and expect the deal to close by the end of the second quarter of this year. Expanding our environmental solutions business is a strategic priority. And this acquisition is a key addition. That said the investments we are making are not limiting growth or reducing focus in the traditional recycling and solid waste businesses. This is not an either or but both and approach. We plan to make outsize investments in both businesses to accelerate growth and create lasting value. We remain disciplined allocators of capital and will only make investments in organic growth opportunities and M&A that increases intrinsic value and improves returns. With that operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Thanks so much. I'm sure there'll be a bunch of questions about US Ecology. But I'd like to focus on the core business for now. And starting with pricing. Notice the yield was really strong, especially at a full year basis. But that core price you called out at an all-time high with noting, the yield was very strong in collection. Just what's your view on post collection pricing and yield going into 2022? Do we start to see that a nudge up as well? Because certainly there's rising operating expenses there just like there is everywhere else.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly, you'll see some momentum in the first couple of quarters. And I think you'll see that momentum accelerate in the second half of the year, a lot of those customers are attached to CPI or something a derivative CPI. And like our collections business, there's 12 to 18 month lag, so that elevated print from the last year will then start to flow through, and you'll see really nice economics on the yield side, especially in Q3 and Q4.
Noah Kaye: That's super helpful. And that leads into next question was really how to think about the readability or the cadence of yield trends over the course of the year. I know you're not like some peers, and you tend to do your PIs rapidly through the year. So is that 3.4%, full year number, since you're doing 3.4% here in the fourth quarter, is that fairly smooth and stable over the balanced years? Anything that you would call out?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, the same thing, which is the portion of our book that's attached to CPI or something related to that, you will get more momentum in the second half. So I think you'll see really good pricing numbers here in Q1 and Q2. And then you'll see that start to accelerate in Q3 and Q4, the open market side will end up being more ratable, with the caveat that we're living in a very dynamic world, right, and we see inflationary costs inflationary pressure, right, the core thesis of this business is that we are going to price ahead of our cost, right? We did a great job of that last year as costs start to accelerate in pockets. And we'll do the same thing this year. Nothing broad based, right. We look at every market uniquely and dynamically and make sure that our people are getting paid. And then again, we're pricing ahead of our costs.
Noah Kaye: Yes. And one more to sneak in. And Brian, you call this out. But I want to go back to because I think it's important, just around the margins and the impact from the hire incentive comp and the bonuses, I think, you said it was 130 bps.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes.
Noah Kaye: So just, a, was that, and how much of that was anticipated and b, when you talk about that sort of being a tailwind to March this next year, I guess how do you think of that in the context of continued support for the labor force given the tight labor market and of course ongoing support amid the COVID pandemic, which is still, although easing with us.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, let me kind of talk about the incentive compensation piece first and then we can talk about the Committed to Serve award. So clearly, from an incentive compensation perspective, we put a plan together that assumes target, right. And as you've seen all year long, we've outperformed. And with that came additional incentive compensation accruals which will be expensed or were expensed in 21, the cash for that will be paid in 22, which is one of the reasons when you take a look at our free cash flow, the growth on a more normalized basis is actually even in excess of what we're presenting, because we've got to absorb that extra cash payment in the first quarter. On the Committed to Serve again, that was a discretionary item, right, that we decided to do, certainly in recognition for the hard work that our frontline employees did during the pandemic. But we are not planning on making any of those additional or incremental awards of going forward.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Largely because that's baked into the plan, right, we've got elevated increases for all of our frontline people given its an inflationary environment. And again, we're pricing ahead of that. And even with that plan, we're planning to expand margins. So that's why we assume that, again, as the situation moves and becomes dynamic, we'll adjust accordingly.
Noah Kaye: Dynamic is definitely the right word. Ill turn it over Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Can talk about the cadence of the margin expansion that you folks are looking for over the course of the year, obviously the fourth quarter will have the easy comp that you just mentioned. But what about as we head into the first quarter, if we apply normal seasonality, it looks like your margins might be starting to year down 50 to 100 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter unless we get outsized pricing contribution, is that right? Can you just talk about the cadence of the year-over-year margin performance that you're looking for?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, Jerry, you're on the right path there. I would say in 2022, we're expecting normal seasonality with respect to both the revenue as well as the EBITDA margin, I think when you look at the last two years, right, so 20, and 21, you had anything but normal, right? So you really have to go back and look at that seasonal cadence prior to that, which again, when you think about a seasonally we tend to see our highest revenue margin performance in the third and second quarters, Q4 thereafter. And then usually Q4 is a little bit the lightest for the year, really, for two reasons, you've got the winter months. So you're not seeing that uptick in particular landfill volumes, as well as you've got the highest percentage of taxes in the first quarter. Payroll taxes, right, yes.
Jerry Revich: Yes, appreciate it. And then separately on the acquisition announcement, can you talk about the path to get to double digit returns what amount of bolt-on activity do we need? Or how much more do we have to go from a synergy standpoint to earn that double digit return that typically for transactions that size takes most companies at least three to five years to get to.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, no, that double digit return is based on the current pro forma, which again, is on the $40 million of cost synergies, which don't include any of the revenue synergies including cross-sell, or bolt-on acquisitions, which we have a number in the pipeline down the road, so that would all those things will be opportunities to accelerate, get to double digit more quickly and then accelerate the overall returns to even higher level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon. Just real quick, Brian, but to be clear, the margins in 22 are assuming a normal like 100% incentive comp accrual?
Brian DelGhiaccio: That's correct.
Tyler Brown: Okay.
Jon Vander Ark: Hold the fire. Yes, we'll take, Tyler, but we're planning on 100% that is correct.
Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. That's helpful. And then I know while we're on the talk of margin here, I know in the US Ecology release, you laid out that 47% free cash flow conversion by 24. But you didn't really make any mention of the margin targets. Now I get it that US Ecology is probably, I'm going to say 70-80 basis points dilutive to margins, but that does  does anything preclude you from a treat achieving those call it 32% margins longer term? And is that something that investors should still think could be a reasonable expectations like mid-decade?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, Tyler, absolutely in the solid waste and recycling side, right? We're on our marks, right? And we're going to get there. And you're right, this acquisition right in this space in general has a slightly different value creation formula a little bit lower margins, but less capital intensity, right. And so that starts to converge more into free cash flow conversion, you'll see us move later in the year to segment reporting, right, that calls those things out and really makes it clear to the investment community, what kind of progress we're making on each front. And so just arithmetically right, we'll get there just slightly slower than we would have otherwise. But our sights are still set toward that target overtime.
Tyler Brown: Okay, yes, segment detail would be helpful. And then Jon, I think it was only 90 days ago, though, you mentioned that you wanted to get environmental services up to $1 billion franchise, over I think the next like three years, clearly pro forma, this is going to get you there. You mentioned a platform for deals in the release, you mentioned it again, on this call, but like, where do you envision the business longer term? Are you targeting a certain percentage of sales that you maybe don't want to exceed or just big picture there?
Jon Vander Ark: No, listen, we're -- this deal, right, is a very unique set of assets, right? And gives us a really attractive position, right? And we don't think there's deal of a size or scale right out there in the future, and we're certainly going to take this, should we be able to close it and integrate it, get our people connected the systems, right, make sure that we're executing above the pro forma, right. And then along the way, of course, there's other deals that can fold into this, while we're aggressively growing, right, the solid waste and recycling business. So we don't have any defined target of what percentage of the business this is. But the bulk of this business, just arithmetically is going to be our traditional recycling and solid waste business. And we're going to continue to kind of grow both sides of that as we move forward.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and then by last one, just real quick. You talked about the $40 million of synergies from the deal, but you never really put a finer point there. So where exactly are these synergies coming from? Are they more SG&A? Are they other operating costs? Are they even CapEx?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, it's too broad fronts, think about half of it as a duplicative corporate costs, right? This is costs of being a public company, IR treasury and all the normal things that you would think to take out and then the other $20 million would come more at the field level because you see, we have a Gulf Coast region, right? We have a Northeast Region and environmental solutions business, right. They have a national footprint. And we'll obviously think about harmonizing and integrating those. Right, that's a relatively small number, right? When you think about it in terms of cost takeout, because we think this is a huge platform for growth for us, right? We're not going into cut and flip or buying to keep and build. Now, as we go and we learn more, if there's more opportunities to do things a bit more efficiently, we'll certainly take advantage of that.
Tyler Brown: Okay, all right. Appreciate the time.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes and I think Tyler the other thing we do just the $40 million is exclusively cost synergies, there are no revenue synergies baked into the plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. How to ask two questions and get 10 of a minute. You ended the year at 44% free cash flow conversion, your guidance is up almost nine. But cash flow from ops are only up about 5.5, capital spending is almost flat. So I'm trying to understand what's happening in capital spending. What do you think the cash conversion ratio does in 22? And is the cash flow from ops as a percentage of revenues kind of the same in 22? As it was in 21? How was that to combine on question?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so Mike, let me kind of put it to you this way here. And I mentioned that we've got the additional cash incentive compensation that we're paying in 22. That's related to 21 performance. It's about $40 million of extra cash, which impacts free cash flow conversion by 100 basis points. So we think we're going to be able to from overall perspective, get to that 45% plus even absorbing that $40 million extra that extra 100 basis points of free cash flow conversion.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And that'll show up in the cash flow from ops number.
Jon Vander Ark: Thats cash for ops, right and working capital where you see it.
Tyler Brown: Right. And then what -- why is capex relatively flat year-over-year?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, remember we talked about in the current year, right? So again, if you take a look at our original guide, and then what we ultimately spent at the midpoint of that we were kind of $90 million more of CapEx. So we had the ability one to fund additional growth. So again, let's take a look at our volume performance. So from an organic perspective, we had additional growth opportunities, as well as pulled forward some capital that was originally going to be spent in 22. So that's why it's relatively flat in 22, is because some of that spending actually happened in 21.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. That's what I thought it was. Just wanted to make sure that was clear. And then, Jon, I think it is important for everybody to understand that don't focus on margins focus on the discipline of Republic's cash on cash returns. And just to put it in perspective, I mean you now have about $1.3 billion in ES revenues. And what do you got maybe, two, if you get US Ecology close, two and a $2.5 billion invested. And all like-to-like basis, the same investment is probably 2x on a per revenue basis in garbage. So that's the way people want to put it in perspective, am I thinking about that correctly.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I probably have to do a little math offline, Michael to confirm or deny your thesis. But I think broadly speaking, you're in the right zone, which is people get very caught up in the margin. And listen, we understand the margin as a way to measure the business. And we don't run away from that, we own that. And we've done a great job of expanding margins the last couple years, right, kind of creeping up on 300 basis points as we get into next year, right. But we don't run the business for the core, we don't run it for any single metric, we run it for the long term and intrinsic value. So that's where cash on cash returns. And that's where value creation comes in. And so business that might have a slightly different optics, which is structurally a little less, lower margin. And then but less capital intensity, that free cash flow conversion is a better metric that serves to harmonize those two things, and get much closer to returns or a view toward returns. And, look, we think there's margin opportunity in this business, right? We think that we're going to continue to look for efficiencies, and we're going to think about make sure that we take our mindset around revenue management and our skills and capabilities and our belief that we have to price out of our cost, right and be expanding margins that allows us to reinvest in the business, right and take care of our customers over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets.
Walter Spracklin: Yes. Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everyone. So just touching on that. I know, you just kind of said it. The answer to my question being how do you grow margin? And how do you take advantage of that margin opportunity in the environmental services business? You said, both synergy and pricing, but if you were to kind of frame it, is it 50:50? Or is it really a business that needs to be repriced and properly priced to get those margins up? And/or is it more on the cost energy side that you're looking to get those margins higher?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I talked about the $40 million that we have right in front of us. And then of course, as we go, and we'll look for opportunities, now, we're acquiring not just assets we are acquiring deep expertise, right in the hazardous waste value chain, and around compliance and operations and commercial capabilities. And so we're very, very mindful of that. And the last thing I want to do is step over a $20 bill to grab a nickel. So we're not going to be very short term focus, we're going to think about long term. And as we find more and learn more, right, we'll certainly report out on that. On the revenue side, but we haven't put anything into the pro forma, right, we see opportunities across multiple fronts. And strategically, the reason that we're into this business is because of the connectivity of solid waste, and recycling customers that have asked us to go here, they want a one stop shop, they want somebody who we now think we will have the leading set of products and services in the environmental services space to serve our customers. So the cross-sell opportunities become immediate, and we've seen that with ACV and any other previous acquisition that we've done in this space. We talked about the following acquisitions and that being a real opportunity. We think there are really interesting capital investment opportunities on the post collection side of that business that allow us to compete more broadly right across incineration some other parts of the value chain we're excited about. And then plus we will bring our skill and capability of revenue management to the table understanding that there is no work for free. So we'll look at every individual job that we do and make sure there's sufficient returns on that over time again, that becomes important to allow us to pay our people and to reinvest in the business. And we haven't quantified any of those yet, right, because we're thinking concentrate, and hopefully closing this transaction and integrating our colleagues. But we think there's a lot of upside over time.
Walter Spracklin: That's great color. And then my second question here is on scalability of future acquisitions, what solid waste versus the environmental services side? Is environmental services, is that a much more scalable? Where integration of acquisitions, future acquisitions is better, it's easier to integrate, it's much more upside, is that rather that way on solid waste more. So I'm looking to gauge where your opportunity set and incremental dollar will be spent now, if there's a lot bigger opportunity in one of the buckets through acquisitions than the other one?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I think the great news is that we're not capital constrained, right? So that we don't to have $1 and choose where to put it. We look strategically, where's the fit? And does it meet our discipline returns criteria. And then if it's both we invest in both over time, I think this space looks very similar to what's always in recycling look like a decade or more ago where there's a lot of fragmentation. And we've already seen this rolling in smaller players, right provides a ton of synergy. And we've got a pipeline that we see some sometimes building on a regional footprint, sometimes it's adding even further adding your product and service offering that will be great fits. And our pipeline and acquisitions is robust on both fronts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to make sure I understand the price versus underlying inflation expectations over the course of the year. So if we're expecting 60 to 70 bps of margin expansion from pricing ahead of cost inflation, the average yield guidance is 3.4%. Does that mean we have 2.75% inflation kind of assumed or maybe just helped me understand that -- those assumptions?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so Sean, remember one of the things you have to remember when we disclose average yield, we're using total revenue as the denominators, when you take a look about where we price and you look in that solid waste business, if you did an unrelated business, it would actually be 70 basis points higher than our 2021 performance and about 20 to 30 basis points higher than on total revenues. So that's the way you have to put it into context. So the 3.4%, you got to make 3.6% or 3.7% call it based on related revenues. And you look at that pricing in excess of cost inflation that would imply closer to a 3%, inflation, cost inflation.
Sean Eastman: Okay.
Jon Vander Ark: Kind of wage and benefit number, there's probably slightly higher, keep in mind, we're not talking a lot about it, but we're still getting a lot of productivity benefits to RISE. And that's one of the great stories through the pandemic is it's allowed us to pay keep paying our people as their bills go up, while managing the cost structure because we're just getting more efficient at the work.
Sean Eastman: Okay, great. Yes, I'm glad we flesh that out, very helpful. And maybe just on Us Ecology, in light of your comments around environmental solutions, being less capital intensive, but also mentioning that there are some interesting CapEx opportunities around this particular acquisition. I mean and then there's been seems like, there's been a lot of noise around the US Ecology, capital spending historically. So, I mean, what should we expect as a baseline and sort of variability around CapEx from Us Ecology?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, look, I think there's been some elevated capital with respect to building out right, some landfill. So through the cycle, we would expect the capex to run circa 9% of revenue or so on that business. And again, it's going to be less than that in that 4% to 5% range on the field services piece and a little bit more on that Waste Solutions piece. But on average call about 9%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, thank you very much. I just had a question around as you think about synergies on revenue, from haz waste and solid waste, do you have a sense of how many customers can subscribe to sort of both services? And then also in the past there's been people that have looked at medical waste and solid waste together. And that hasn't worked quite worked out. What's different about this space? Do you have a lot of manufacturing customers that sort of, are asking you to do both? Just give us a sense of revenue synergies? You don't have to quantify it just help us understand that?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So I think versus your previous thesis, I think, when you start with this sounds like an interesting bundle, let me try to go sell it right, that may or may not work, right, we start with asking the customer, what they want, what they need, and how they want to buy, and have worked our way back into this. So it's true, certainly for our broad set of industrial customers, right, who produce an ongoing recurring set of waste streams. And this really has accelerated over the last decade, they want fewer people into their plants. And second, they're like taking a very hard look at the sustainability footprint of their supply base, right, that's a big part of their sustainability story. And so people who have the ratings we have who have the record, we have become really meaningful for them. And keep in mind, we're still a very, very small percentage of their overall cost structure. So the idea that they'd be willing to pay a little bit more for somebody who can handle their needs compliantly and provide the speed they need, right? That's the value proposition. And that's what we've seen proven out with the ACB transaction immediately, right. And we think we'll get that to just at a much bigger scale with a US Ecology transaction. It also applies to some event type work. I think about the infrastructure bill and brownfield sites remediation, the same thing, you have a contractor there, but who's really unwatched to understand speed, and a single provider that can handle all the different waste streams becomes a really big strategic advantage.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. So can you give us a sense of post US Ecology? What is your market share in haz waste? And where do you think it can go? And do you -- I know Us Ecology is heavy on landfills, they're heavy on event work. They have this NRG business that they over levered to buy, how are you thinking about the portfolio? Does incineration matter or not? Does haz waste landfills mean more? Is NRG a good business? Just walk us through like how you're thinking about the portfolio? Because they do have a few businesses? And haz waste is obviously, a very big market that has a number of other players and also the captive incinerators. It's very different than solid waste, as you obviously already know.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, sure. So I mean, it starts with their historic bid, this was a really in the post collection, hazardous landfill site, they have TFTs intended bands and other things around that. But those five sites, right, give them about a 36% market share position, right in hazardous post collection, right? That's when the strength of their business really, really strong. And we're excited about that. They bought a company called NRC, which has largely field services, which the thesis of which is getting close to the customer, we believe and agree with that thesis, right. And we've seen that and prove that out that that works. Right. We were there with the ACD deal. And we see that in our Gulf Coast region as well over time, that NRC transaction brought with it a couple of other types of businesses, they've got a little bit business in Europe, and they've got some things, marine standby business focuses on oil spill recovery, right? Those are things that we'll go in and quickly take a look at and evaluate and understand, hey, what is the -- what's the fit with the rest of the business? Is it connected from a customer standpoint, from an asset sharing standpoint, I take a very fair view of this something we think we can build and grow will be excited about it. Or if this is something that might be a little more standalone and not very scalable, and somebody else might be the more natural owner of that will of course evaluate that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Chang with CIBC.
Kevin Chang: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question here. You [Indiscernible] out, you talked about some of these revenue synergies and as you build up your environmental solutions, capabilities, the vertical integration, and I guess you spoke a little bit about this. What does the customer get out of it? It sounds like you might give them better service under one umbrella? And maybe it's just not clear to me why that would be. But do they also have like a cost savings? Like does a bundle program offer a level of pricing discount that they wouldn't get it? These are two different vendors, just what does the customer get out of this having this all come out of Republic versus maybe dealing with Us Ecology and Republic separately, let's say?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I know the thesis and it's true in some industries, where hey, the more you put together, the more you bundle, the more price pressure you could be under. And we see this in our business today, actually, that the more products a customer and services a customer buy the average price per product or service goes up, not down, right. And keep in mind waste and recycling broadly, are a very, very, very small portion of a customer's cost structure. If you run a manufacturing facility, you think first about all of your direct costs could be steel, or copper, anything else, and then you think about your labor, and then you think about your SGA costs of IT and everything else. Waste and Recycling, right? We're talking about basis points, right on someone's overall cost structure. So a small price premium on a very small number is still a very, very small number. So for them, it's around compliance, right? Think about producer liability, right? When they produce a waste stream, especially more complex and complicated ones, they have the liability of that forever. So having somebody who's going to handle that in a sustainable and appropriate manner is of enormous value to them, the speed right of being able to get things out of their facility, and keep the container empty, because a full container can sometimes shut down the manufacturing process. So there's enormous value created by speed, ease of service, right, digital interface, and billing. And those are all pieces that we start to put together for people. So that's the value proposition for customers.
Kevin Chang: No, that's a great clarification answer. And as you know, the compliance has got to be a big part of the value proposition. My second question, maybe it's more of a philosophical question. But the industry and you're seeing it yourself, you're getting strong pricing, the covering inflation, the churn is at record lows as well, so you kind of get the best of both worlds. But I guess what trend level would force you to reevaluate your pricing strategies, you said 95%, I think its a Q4 number like, at what point or what level of churn would you read things the pricing, you're putting out into the market in order to maintain a certain level of market share or volume?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, we look at that all the time, right, we understand and we're very sophisticated pricing, both pricing new customers, as well as pricing existing customers. And the latter becomes more important for us, obviously, because we have such a long customer tenure, right? That's what that high customer retention drives are underneath that is long customer tenure. And so we have all kinds of experiences with customers around test and learn, right, we take A and B sampling, in terms of understanding a price that customers are willing to pay, and then at what price does that start to drive churn, right and start to drive defection. And there's an incredible amount of science underneath that process that's been developed over the last two decades. So it's really not the top down number we look at. And if we go 92, we change pricing across the board or the opposite direction, right? It's much more surgical almost at a customer by customer level, right. And that's what produces the pricing number while driving great volume growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: Yes, thank you very much. Two quick ones here. Jon, you mentioned at the beginning something about forward integrating into the plastics supply chain, could you tell me what that means? I'm completely clueless about that. And second, on the eco deal. It looks like margins, free cash flow and returns are lower than core Republic were out of the box here, organic growth may be a little bit more attractive and the platform for bolt-on acquisitions seems to be one of the best attributes of it. Could you just compare and contrast sort of the pipeline at eco, you've gone through your due diligence, talk to them about deals versus what you know about the average MSW deal.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, sure. So on plastics, listen, the world has a single use plastics problem, right? And you don't have to read too many websites or magazines or watching the television shows to figure that out. Now, it's very different nature of those firms are very different across geography. But in the US, the problem is right circularity right, we produce single use water bottles or anything else. And we don't capture enough of those. And that plastic ultimately gets lost or gets downgraded, right. And there's huge pressure on the CPG companies to drive more reusable product. And rather than just using virgin plastic, and the constraint, and all this is aggregation, and supply. And so we are uniquely positioned in the value chain, because we have that material. Today, that value chain isn't very well constructed. So you have products that moves very inefficiently, we sell that product for a relatively low value for what it's ultimately worth, when it returns into the hands of the CPG companies. So a lot of dialogue, a lot of discussion going on across every stage of the value chain, right. But we think where we've got an opportunity to take a next step, and move forward with some pretty simple processing, that is going to allow us to capture a higher selling price, and take more volatility right out of those sales through longer term contracting. I'm not going to get any more detail right now than that. But stay tuned here, because I think in the next few months, you're going to hear far more color on that topic And then on Us Ecology, listen, we have a really robust and capable business development team, both out and geographically dispersed, as well as here in Phoenix that maintains a perspective on every company big and small, and builds a pipeline. So we've been working on this for years on the environmental solution side of the business. And have we're very disciplined buyers, very patient, but we've had discussions right with dozens of companies. So this isn't talking to Us Ecology and saying what's in your pipeline, of course, we'll do that. But we have our own robust pipeline, right that we know will fit in well, right to the US Ecology platform, right post closing. At this time, there appears to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll now turn back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Sara. In closing the strength of our 2021 performance demonstrates the power of our platform, and the value our strategic investments are creating. We exceeded our upwardly revised financial goals by delivering double digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow. We continue to manage the business well to create long-term value for all stakeholders and expect continued profitable growth in 2022. I would like to thank all our employees for their continued hard work and commitment to our customers. Results like these are made possible by our team of dedicated employees. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services' Third Quarter 2021 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please not this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Stacey Mathews, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Stacey Mathews: Hello. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' third quarter 2021 conference call. Jon Vander Ark, our CEO; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 28, 2021. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Stacey. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our strong performance in the third quarter. We continue to execute on our strategic priorities of customer zeal, digital and sustainability to drive growth and value for our stakeholders. During the third quarter, we delivered revenue and EBITDA growth of approximately 14% compared to the prior year, generated adjusting earnings per share of $1.11, which represents an increase of 11% over the prior year, and produced $1.4 billion of adjusted free cash flow on a year-to-date basis. We continue to effectively allocate capital by investing in value creating acquisitions, and returning excess cash to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we've invested over $900 million in acquisitions to further enhance our market position and increase free cash flow. This is the highest level of acquisition investment in over a decade. On August 31, we completed the acquisition of ACV Enviro. This strategic acquisition broadens our capabilities and offerings in the environmental services industry. It also provides us with a platform to pursue additional growth. We are excited to welcome ACB to the Republic team. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust with opportunities in both recycling solid waste and the environmental solutions businesses. We now expect to invest over $1 billion in acquisitions for the full year. In addition to investing in acquisitions, we have returned $622 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We continue to prioritize customer zeal to drive profitable growth. This includes increasing customer loyalty, driving willingness to pay and attracting new volume as the provider of choice. Our customer retention rate remains at a record setting level of 95%. During the third quarter, we delivered outsized revenue growth throughout our business. Total core price remained at an all-time high of 5.2%, and average yield increased to 3.2%. Volume increased 4.3% compared to the prior year, which exceeded our expectations and acquisitions contributed an incremental 350 basis points to total revenue growth. The outlook for organic and acquisition growth for the remainder of the year is strong. Turning to digital, we continue to realize the benefits of our investments in technology. In the third quarter, we made meaningful progress on the rollout of the next phase of our RISE platform. We have now implemented tablets and approximately 70% of our large and small container fleet. We expect to be substantially complete by the end of this year, with plans to further deploy to the residential fleet beginning in 2020. Next, turning to our sustainability platform. We continue to partner with developers to capitalize on landfill gas to energy opportunities. We currently have 17 projects in the pipeline with more opportunities thereafter. On top of the royalty revenue these plants will generate a majority of equity investment opportunities to further participate in the project economics. We also recently opened a solar project on one of our closed landfills in Bellevue, Illinois. This project consists of 30,000 solar panels, and will produce enough energy to power 2200 homes annually. We remain committed to increasing the recycling and circularity of key materials as part of our ambitious 2030 sustainability goals. We recently opened the first solar power compost facility in California to further our progress and address the growing community needs. This facility will provide critical organic processing capabilities to residents and businesses in the greater San Diego area. Our strong financial and operational results would not have been possible without our dedicated Republican employees. We continue to invest in developing both existing and new talent and creating innovative solutions for the increased demand for skilled workers. We recently unveiled our Republic Services Technical Institute, which is the industry's first ever diesel technician school. This subsidized program is already building a strong pipeline of high demand technician talent for Republic. Additionally, graduates will have up skilling opportunities to further grow their career with Republic. These types of innovative investments and talent lead to external recognition for our company. Republic was recently certified as a great place to work for the fifth consecutive year. This is a meaningful achievement, as employee recruiting and retention remains a prominent focus in today's labor market. Finally, turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year. Given the continued strength in our business, we now expect to exceed the full year guidance we upwardly revised last quarter. Accordingly, we're increasing 2021 full year financial guidance as follows. Adjusted EPS is now expected to be in the range of 410 to 413. And adjusted free cash flow is now expected to be in the range of $1.475 billion to $1.5 billion. I will now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Core price during the third quarter was 5.2%, which included open market pricing of 6.5% and restricted pricing of 2.9%. The components of core price included small container of 8.2%, large container a 5%, and residential of 5%. Average yield was 3.2%, which increased 60 basis points from the second quarter. Third quarter volume increased 4.3%. The components of volume included an increase in small container of 5.4%, an increase in large container of 3.9% and an increase in landfill of 6.6%. For reference, small container and MSW volumes in the third quarter were both above a 2019 pre-pandemic baseline. Moving on to recycling, commodity prices increased to $230 per ton in the third quarter. This compares to $99 per ton in the prior year. Recycling processing and commodity sales contributed 160 basis points to internal growth during the third quarter. Next, turning to our environmental solutions business. Third quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $27 million from the prior year. This was driven by both organic growth from increased activity and the contribution from acquisitions. On a same store basis environmental solutions contributed 20 basis points to internal growth during the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the third quarter was 30.4% and increased 10 basis points over the prior year. This included a 90 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices, a 50 basis point headwind from net fuel and a 30 basis point headwind from the impact of recent acquisitions, primarily driven by deal and integration costs. SG&A was 10.2% of revenue. This represents an increase of 20 basis points over the prior year, which was exclusively due to higher incentive compensation accruals. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.4 billion and increased $247 million or 22% compared to the prior year. This was primarily driven by EBITDA growth in the business. With respect to our full year cash flow guidance, we expect to spend a disproportionate amount of our full year CapEx and cash taxes during the fourth quarter. It should also be noted that we increased our expected full year capital spending in our upwardly revised guidance by over $50 million. This increase relates to capital to support growth opportunities. Free cash flow conversion through September continue to track ahead of our original expectations and increase 330 basis points over the prior year. During the quarter total debt was $9.3 billion and total liquidity was $2.4 billion. Interest expense decreased $11 million due to refinancing activities completed last year, and our leverage ratio was 2.8 times. With respect to taxes. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 25.5%. We had an equivalent tax impact of 27% when you include non-cash charges from solar investments. We expect our fourth quarter equivalent tax impact to be approximately 25%. This includes the effective tax rate and non-cash solar charges. I will now turn the call back over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Brian. We continue to create value for our stakeholders by executing our strategic priorities, which drives profitable growth and increases returns. We are expecting the positive momentum in our business to continue to produce profitable growth in 2022. At this point, we anticipate producing above average revenue growth, leading to high single digit adjusted free cash flow growth compared to our full year 2021 performance. As usual, we'll provide full year detailed 2022 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call. With that operator, I would like to open the call to question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Jon Vander Ark: Good afternoon Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Brian, thanks for the detail on the 10 basis point improvement. But one, kind of how should we think about margins in Q4? Will they likely hold sequentially? And the number two, and I know you'll give more details on this, but big picture, you've got a strong CPI rollover, you got a rational open market, do you expect in '22 to make progress on that 32% margin goal?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, Tyler, let me kind of answer the first part of your question there. I think you embedded two or three questions in there. So at least with respect to sequentially, there's a normal step down sequentially from Q3 into Q4, as well as we talked about the fact that we're doing more deals than originally anticipated. So we expect the highest level of deal and transaction and integration costs in the fourth quarter. So again, while we expect to see in the underlying business, we're expecting to continue to see really strong performance, we do expect a sequential step down Q3 to Q4.
Jon Vander Ark: And then on your second part of your question, Tyler, yes, outlook is strong for next year, certainly, we've been strong on pricing in the open market portion of our business already. And we'll continue to do that. And then as some of these escalators kick in the lag effect of 12 to 18 months, so some of them kick in into 2022, that provides more upward pressure on pricing, which we think will lead to margin expansion in 2022.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and then just from a modelling perspective, how much revenue today would likely roll over next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: If you just take a look at the deals that have been completed through September, it's 160 basis points.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And then my last one here, so Jon, it's interesting. If you look at the big three, I think you guys posted actually the best volume growth this quarter and you actually had the toughest comp. So I'm not asking you to necessarily compare and contrast you with the peers. But was there a line or a vertical that just gave you this outside strength that you saw? I'm just kind of trying to - it's not really your strategy to priorities volume over price, I just want to make sure that that's - make sure I've got that all straight?
Jon Vander Ark: Well, you certainly have the last parts, right, which is we're always going to start with price over volume, right. I mean, the thesis broadly of our company and the industry is that we can price ahead of our cost inflation. And I think we've proven to do that in a kind of rapidly changing environment this quarter. So we certainly feel good about that, in the short-term in the long-term over time. And on the volume side, listen, we certainly left some volume on the table. If we had more labor, we would have gone after some more opportunities on that front. So very strong demand environment and I think the GDP print was 2% for the quarter, a lot of that's on the consumer side. I think the industrial side of our economy is very, very strong right now. And so our volume is pretty broad based pretty strong across the board.
Tyler Brown: Okay, all right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good afternoon. My first question is just on SG&A leverage going forward, maybe you could just walk through any potential COVID related costs that came out of your system that are now coming back? Maybe there's some costs that are permanent in nature pose sort of looking at the business through COVID that you've instituted, just give us a sense of how to think about that going forward?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, I'd say there's some modest puts or takes, and we're already seeing some of that, for example, small container rates are coming back and long-term, that's a good thing, because it's a positive sign for demand. But that's certainly a financial headwind for us in a very short-term period that we already saw some of and we think that modulates over time. Certainly some - with a Delta variant, we had some elevated PTO cost, right in the quarter of people who were sitting out and still getting paid overtime. So that's the headwind that abates over time. Listen, there's traffic patterns come back, does that slow us down a little bit, maybe I would have guessed, we would have seen a lot of that. But our RISE platform is really delivering a lot of productivity into the business. And then more from a central function standpoint we'll shrink our real estate footprint incrementally here as we have some of our more transactional colleagues working from home permanently, but that's pretty modest broad strokes. Again a little bit of travel will come back, but we'll also take advantage of teams and do things in different ways over time. So again, lots of individual puts and takes, but I don't see - certainly I don't see any big structural headwinds that are going to come after us.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah and Hamzah to your question specifically on SG&A, we've had a number of those costs come back into the system as far as some of the travel related costs. So we're seeing that in the current period. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks most of the increase we saw really had to do with incentive compensation really didn't have to do with any of those ongoing SG&A expenses. So we feel pretty good about our performance and our ability to leverage, right, SGA going forward as we continue to grow the top line and migrate towards that 10% of revenue.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it, very helpful. And just my follow up question. You mentioned landfill to gas, you mentioned 17 projects in the pipeline. Historically, I think you've just outsourced and taken royalty revenue. I think you referenced that you have equity stake opportunities. Is that something you've done before? And why not just bring them in house given some of the ROIC and strong sort of margin profile of some of that - some of those projects? Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, that's a great question. So historically, again, we've been more opportunistic and side by side in this. As the world is moving into a more sustainable operation, we're certainly doing our part and hopefully leading the way. This has become more critical for us going forward. So not only do we have 17 project, and we got another slate behind that that we're evaluating. And we'll participate in a different way than we have historically, probably in an equity basis, but probably not full ownership. And why I say this, we have a limited number of landfills. And so this is a great growth opportunity for us to pursue, but there's a ceiling to it, once you've kind of built it out on all the landfills, that makes sense. That's it. We like to put all of our financial capital and our human capital in places that we think grow in an evergreen way. And so that's where we'll put our attention. Combine that with the fact that there's a lot of external financial and human capital resources, who are anxious to partner with us. And we think that's probably going to be the winning combination for us going forward.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. And the other thing too, Hamzah, is that partnering up with a third party, we can actually move faster than if we were to sit there and go our own way. And that's one of the reasons we want to move quickly on this opportunity.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. I just had a clarification question. Historically I think at Q3, you've talked about preliminary 2022 sort of maybe top line, is that a change in sort of how you're thinking about guidance? Or maybe historically you haven't done that?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. No Hamzah, I think we talked in our remarks as well, but we talked about here was providing visibility into where we see free cash flow going at this point. But that said, I think you also hear the tone. We're optimistic about the momentum in pricing. Volume is strong. And there's additional opportunities. And again, when you look at just the acquisition, rollover, as well as the pipeline of acquisitions that are there, we feel that 2022 is going to be very strong on that front as well. So contribution from multiple facets that at least relative to a historical growth weight rate, we feel it's going to be outsized.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Goldstein with Morgan Stanley.
Jeff Goldstein: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions here. So labor expense has clearly been a key topic in the quarter. But within your COGS, labor, I noticed actually declined as a percent of revenue year-over-year. So maybe you can just talk about how you've managed to contain that? Is it primarily from raising price? Is there anything around scheduling or maybe doing proactive wage increases that you call out? Maybe just talk a little bit more about the success managing that in the quarter? And then I guess going forward, is there any reason to think you won't be able to manage it as well?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, thanks for your question. I think you have to look way back to low CPI environments. And we've always had this fundamental belief that we want to give our people a fair and certainly steady increase every year. So we were raising their wages that 2% or 2.5%, even in low CPI environments, so people have been focusing in parallel on employee engagement and making sure this is the place that the best people come to work. So you put those two things together, and we think our employee value proposition has been really strong. And while turnover has been elevated, it's been modestly elevated. And we've really - we would have taken more people if we could to pursue some incremental growth opportunities, but our attention has been really strong. Now, that being said, we're facing the same pressures of the macro environment. So we've looked and done surgery and targeted markets where we think we weren't as competitive or maybe turnover was elevated. But you kind of take those costs increases, and you offset it with what we think is our digital ops in our RISE platform, which is really driving productivity, we look at our performance. And in the quarter versus 2019, right, we're just seeing we're getting more work right out of the same labor hour. And that's been really productive. And I think you're seeing it hold in a very challenging environment. And then, on top of that, of course, we're pricing because the market bears it and we're want to support future wage increases for our employees.
Jeff Goldstein: Okay, that that all made sense. And then now that you've had Santek for a few months, I think it closed back in May. I'm curious for the path forward, I'm bringing those margins back up to Republic levels, and any sense of synergies you'd expect out of that business. And then remind me in terms of pricing within the Santek book, was that in a place you were happy with? Or is there room to re-price some of that business as well. Just an update there would be helpful.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, we're really excited about that acquisition, great set of assets, gets us into certainly some geographic markets that we weren't in before. And that creates a basis or a platform for further growth, both organic and additional tuck-in acquisitions. As Brian mentioned, there's always startup costs in the first year. And the bigger the deal, the more the startup costs, because we really don't have to get multiple sites in the systems integrated. And there's a lot of employee benefits and related costs. And we really try to front load all those and get all those done at once. A, to get those behind us, but B, to create a great employee experience. And so if those linger forever, they feel like they're not really part of the company. We think that leads to higher turnover time. So we'd get after that and have a very proactive and intentional plan. And we're ahead of that plan. And I think you'll see in '22, that'll be a nice, certainly tailwind for us as those costs come behind us. And given the nature of that company, the fairly landfill centric, the margins are really attractive.
Jeff Goldstein: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets.
Walter Spracklin: Yeah, thanks very much operator and thanks for taking my questions, everyone. I'd like to turn back to acquisitions for a moment. When you look at the pipeline, which you mentioned, is quite robust right now. I was wondering if you could be able to provide a little bit of color on the pipeline perhaps discuss whether are these all smaller tuck ins? Are there any larger chunkier targets end markets that interest you? And as a follow up, is the regulatory review and scrutiny at all impacting your ability to do deals in this environment right now? Thanks very much.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Walter the pipeline is - I mean, the performance has been very strong this year. And the pipeline looking forward is very strong. And I would say the power and characteristic of that is very, very balanced, right. It's balanced, certainly weighted more heavily toward recycling and waste just given that's where the bulk of our business is, but certainly plenty of opportunities in the environmental solutions portion of our business as well. It's certainly balanced across size, plenty of small tuck-ins. I think a number of what we'd call medium sized deals, and then listen, we maintain a perspective on everything. So could there be some larger deals that come through over time? Yeah, those are obviously more episodic, and can be - could be challenging from regulatory review. On balance, we have a very crystal clear point of view of where the regulation sits. And so if we think there's a deal that really is not going to get through, we just don't spend energy and time pursuing that opportunity. And or if we do have limited regulatory scrutiny on a deal, we've baked that right in, we understand what we probably have to divest and we go right to the regulators and say, here's our perspective. And then they can draw their own perspective. But we plan that right into the model. So we're never surprised on the back end of that. So, yes, there is heightened scrutiny versus four or five years ago on larger transactions, but more broadly, it's not slowed us down at all from I think, what is a different level of acquisition than we've historically done.
Walter Spracklin: Okay. And here's my follow up on special waste, it looks like it was a good quarter for you on special waste. Had some nice tailwind there, but it can be lumpy business. How do you look at contribution from special waste from quarter-to-quarter? And is there any flags that you would give us in terms of how we model it in quarter to next? Are you fairly confident that that's going to be a good tailwind for you here over the next several quarters?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, I think it's a good tailwind, again, we saw kind of - we were acted as ever. We saw times of uncertainty. I think if you go back 20, 25 years, special waste typically pushes right, jobs get sold and they get confirmed, but they just don't drop and get delivered. And so I think what you're seeing now is those things are starting to move. And so feel good about that. The pipeline is very robust going forward. It's a project based business. So by definition, right, there's going to be quarters that are a little higher versus others. But I think the outlook for the next 12 to 18 months is very, very strong.
Walter Spracklin: That's fantastic. Appreciate the time as always. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions. The challenge, when you have two is can you actually ask a question with 14 different questions in it?
Jon Vander Ark: You're quite good at that, Michael, I trust you.
Michael Hoffman: My attempt to do that is on organic growth. Thinking about a baseline exit momentum going into '22. You parse price and volume would - are we in the right neighborhood as we're starting with a three handle on twice and then volume, ex special waste lumpiness, still has momentum from new business formation, service interval trends being positive, but we haven't seen a peak in that activity, so that creates tailwind. That's the right way to think about going into '22.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. Certainly on the pricing, we would expect something starting with a three and then on volume look, we're coming out of a - we're in a V shaped recovery. And obviously, as the further along, you get this arithmetically, right, that slope starts to flatten. But I think there's still plenty of momentum, I talked about the labor side of being a little constrained there versus a pre pandemic year, you're going to see outsized volume growth in 2022 to for months.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. And the follow up to that, though, is probably not as high, though, as what we're going to see in '21. It's somewhere in between.
Michael Hoffman: I couldn't hear you're Brian, could you say that again?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, I just said to Jon's point, most of '21 was a recovery of units that were lost during the pandemic. My only point was that the volume at least the way we're thinking about it right now, would be somewhere in between what we're doing in '21, or what we're going to deliver and '21 and that hit historical average.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. And then last one for me is on free cash flow. And you think about a baseline of a conversion ratio. And you've talked about getting into the mid-40s. It appears that you're going to be there this year. So is that now the new - you've got to it and in that context going forward, you're spending more CapEx this year, but did you pull any forward? Or should I think of CapEx is the same rate of spend percent of revs and '22?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, I think that CapEx is really more a function of growth, incremental CapEx, and these acquisitions with you, oftentimes, there's a plan and there's development projects associated with those, which are great. Those are more one time in nature, right, and then you get the benefit the returns of those in future years. And from a free cash flow conversion standpoint. Yes, right. We think we've hit a new baseline and we have plans to further expand that going into 2022 and beyond.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, so how did I do? Did I get enough question in the two?
Brian DelGhiaccio: That was excellent.
Michael Hoffman: Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Jon Vander Ark: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Can you talk about what pricing announcements you've made to your open market customers in October? And as you folks look at the inflation that everyone across the industry is seeing, how much you feel like you need to push open market pricing over the next couple of months to make sure we've got enough room to execute as we hit the meaty part of the inflation cycle.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, I would say you got to look back, right, we've already done that. We jumped on that pretty much in the mid to end part of the first quarter, understanding where inflation was going and you're seeing our open market not 100 BPS of incremental pricing versus the prior quarters, right because we're pricing not only existing customers, but also new customers, right. Our capture pricing tool, as we saw steel go up for example, on containers, right, we put that right in and so immediately we're selling at different price on the street, right to cover the cost of that incremental steel, right with a return against it. So we're not diluting returns as we price that through so listen, we're putting more price out. That price is being realized in the marketplace. And again, we have a good broad backdrop right when you things like bacon is doubling and all kinds of things are going crazy, rental cars and from just a consumer purchasing standpoint where prices are going or as these price increases are relatively modest against that backdrop, and I think that's a good reason why they're holding. Yeah.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. And Jerry just a follow up there, again, we've been quick to act in the open market. You really haven't seen the contribution yet from the restricted portion of the business. That's still to come in '22 with a rollover benefit in the '23.
Jerry Revich: And just to clarify, so the current level of core price increases for over market 6.5. And obviously, we'll see the restricted acceleration from here, but it is the 6.5 now at a high enough pace to cover this heightened level of inflation? Or should we look for open market increases to be higher than the six and a half we're posting now.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah you could see it incrementally tick up. But we're also managing costs in a way, right, where we're taking the price and the cost inflation expanding margins, right. As we go, not only looking back, right, we're almost a 200 basis point expansion. If you look back a couple years, and we think we've got more room to run in that going forward. Keep in mind, we've price to existing customers, it's not a onetime event, right. We price rapidly kind of an open market, roughly a 12th of the book goes out every month, right. It's our ability to be flex up on that is really, really high.
Jerry Revich: Okay, great. And then you alluded to recycling investment opportunities in the press release. Could you just expand on that? What's the range of opportunities in terms of building facilities organically or seeing recycling rate increases out of your existing footprint versus acquisitions, can I trouble you just to flesh out that opportunities there please?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, we think there's a five or six core markets we're in that we would like to have an asset that was one over time we'll probably build if we could buy it, that would also be an opportunity, but probably something we'll build. Certainly seeing acquisition opportunities, smaller ones for recycling centers as we do some more medium sized deals going forward and apart because we want to make sure we've got a place to take the material off of our back and not always be dependent on a third party in those markets. And apart because we think these resources have increasing value over time, right. In a world where plastics, for example, the consumer packages, companies are really in a need for post-consumer content. And we haven't, and we're an aggregator. So over time, that material is more valued, we think we're going to be able to capture a piece of that as we move forward. And the other thing I'll add Jerry there's plenty of opportunities on our existing facilities, to drive in more automation to kind of change the CapEx and OpEx trade off. Those are tough jobs. Those are higher turnover jobs. And so it allows us to reduce the labor force just incrementally in those facilities, but then also produce a better product with more state of the art equipment.
Jerry Revich: I appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: Good afternoon. Thank you. First off, can you give us some early thoughts on CapEx for 2022? I don't know if you expect that to drop back into 11% to 12% of revenues range. And if you're willing to share with us a couple of your spending priorities for next year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, David look, we'll get into details when we're back together in February on the components within the free cash flow, but I would sit there and say, as you think about over time, right, as Jon mentioned, we've made really good progress on free cash flow conversion. We expect to continue to make progress and start to drive that free cash flow conversion into the high 40% range, some of that is going to be by reducing our CapEx as a percent of revenue.
David Manthey: Okay, second, how do you think about your commodity basket as you move into next year? I mean, do you budget for flat or do you assume it's going to be lower than that? Just how do you think about the commodity basket broadly as you look to the out year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, just right now, right, what we're kind of looking at is more of in line with a year-to-date average as compared to current pricing. But again, once this plays down, we have a couple more months on our belt, we'll be able to give you a better perspective when we're back together in February.
David Manthey: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team nice quarter. A couple of modelling ones for me. Brian, I think you mentioned 160 basis points of acquisition roll over. Is that a net number or a gross number? And then secondly, I guess it's safe to assume that you guys are going to do something better than that, because you're indicating that next year is going to be an elevated level of deal activity as well. Is that correct?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, so the 160 is essentially, both gross and net, quite honestly. But yes, if you think about - that only includes deals that have been closed through September.
Sean Eastman: Okay, got it. And, okay, so we'll have more upside there by the end of the year, and then whatever you guys do next year, we'll layer on to that. Alright, got it, and then just drilling in on margins. I don't want to put you guys into a box before you're given the guidance, but maybe just thinking about the normative 30 to 50 basis points of operating leverage in the business just naturally. I mean, what would be the moving pieces to think about relative to that? I mean maybe recycled commodities are a tailwind in the first half. I'm not sure. Maybe the acquisitions you've done are modestly diluted into next year. Now, just trying to think through those moving pieces that would be helpful.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, I mean, the core of the business, right, you should think of margin expansion or pricing ahead of our cost inflation, which we're certainly very committed to doing. And then there's some other pieces on that right commodity prices, right could create a drag, depending on whether that basket goes, but fuel was a drag in the quarter, right. You know that, in general, we price fuel and our fuel recovery fee is a pretty good broad hedge to fuel. But we have a little bit of drag as we go up, and then it happens a little bit of lag as we go back down. So depending on where fuel goes, but I'd say there's probably more chance that neutral or tailwind added in the next year. And then acquisitions, right, like I said, right, we kind of load up all those integration costs in the first year. And so we expect that to be a little bit of a headwind to the overall margin for a portion of that - the headwind in the equation, in the next year, but nothing dramatic, right. We're still committed to expanding margins next year with all those pieces put together.
Sean Eastman: Okay, excellent. Very helpful. I'll turn it over. Thanks, guys.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking the questions. I think your footprints just to align naturally, with some population and demographic trends. And so that may partly playing years, the great organic growth trends we've seen from there. But I wonder if you could talk a little bit about new business formation and new business origination for the company. And specifically Jon, how you might be leveraging your digital platform to help drive that new business formation, rather than new business origination for the company? Is there anything that you're doing differently now at Republic than you might have done in years past to help identify and build new business?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, we've certainly advanced the cause with our digital tools, I mean, our sales team is on the sales force platform and got a lot of lead generation tools across the different verticals in our business that populate new leads going forward. And we've certainly seen some of that, frankly, I think there's more of that to come, right, as we get through delta. And consumer confidence even gets higher here. And we quote, unquote, get back to travelling and back to business. So we're optimistic, there's more upside of that going forward. But we think we're getting certainly our fair share of the growth of more because we've got 1000 plus sellers out there working very local market to find opportunities, one at a time.
Noah Kaye: Okay, and then, I guess, in the context of the ACV Enviro acquisition, I wondered if you're able to share your vision for what kind of scale you want to have in this segment over time and often you've talked about environmental services TAM being around 20 billion and the fact that the customer base wants to consolidate? Who uses for services given sustainability and other drivers, but do you want this to be a billion dollar business with a few years? Is that out of range of what you're thinking? Can you talk a little bit about your ambition?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. No, I think that's actually a really good starting point. I think a billion dollars in three ish years, I think is a reasonable target. We certainly will not race or reach to get there by any means. We certainly wouldn't be afraid to clear that if we think we have the right opportunities going forward. It will be a mix of organic growth and acquisitive growth more acquisitive than organic just in time percentage basis as we scale that business. And listen, that's been a really good fit for us in the early days, not only have they performed well, but we expected to see a lot of integration opportunities with our waste recycling business. And we're seeing a lot of those come through opportunity, internalize disposal, cross sell with customers, and it's just going to strengthen the value proposition of both sides of our business.
Noah Kaye: Okay, thanks so much.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back to special waste volumes as well as C&D. Just curious have you guys seen any impact on these volumes from the tight labor market and kind of the stressed supply chain across the business and the environment?
Jon Vander Ark: No, not really. I mean, listen, the supply chain is impacting us in weird ways. Like where we have a solar project we're putting in and we can't get them the equipment is trapped on a boat outside of Long Beach. So that project might not go in this year. But those are more incremental one off things and get we're blessed to be in a business that is a service based business, right and not materials based, or we will be probably suffering, like some of the other companies that are, so we feel good about that, but not in a special waste or C&D side. We think there's more demand coming back in that business without question, but I don't think the supply chain disruptions at attach anything to that part of the business right now.
Kyle White: Got it. And then on the solar investments, I think initially you're targeting 125 million for this year, is that still the right target? And should we expect that target to go higher next year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: It might be modestly more than that. As Jon mentioned we've got some of these projects right now, it's all based on what gets placed in service by the end of the year. I would say a good number to use through the cycle is in that 150 to 175 range. And that's all - yeah, predicated on some of the tax laws that are in place today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Stinger with Bank of America.
Michael Stinger: Hey, guys, yeah, thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate the outlook raised. But just to put a finer point on it, I might have missed it. Is EBITDA margins up year-over-year on the fourth quarter? Or is there just a lot of integration acquisition costs that kind of creates some noise on the quarter?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. I think it's a couple of things. It's yes, what you said on kind of the integration costs, but also, when you take a look year-over-year, we've consistently seen since the fourth quarter of last year, heavier container weights, that sort of thing. So that that probably will put a drag on the performance relative to the prior year.
Michael Stinger: Okay, got it. And just to be clear, I'd like - Brian, just on the 32% margin target you guys might have already fleshed out is this - is the track 2024, is that how to think about it, can it be much earlier, or in some inflationary pressure and just a lot of this acquisition? Obviously, it's lower than you integrate, I get it moving higher, like how do we think about the margin in the context of that 32% target?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, it was it, I think it's - we're not going to put a specific year on it. But we are certainly trending in that direction. And I think you're going to see steady ratable improvement, right. I don't think you're going to see any big jump, or I don't think you're going to see us flatten. And it's going to be a consistent set of levers, which is we are going to continue to grow. We're going to price out of our cost inflation and give our people a fair wage increase to drive productivity right alongside that, and listen we're growing in a different way than we ever had before. Over time, we think that gives us leverage on SG&A, which further helps with the margin expansion.
Michael Stinger: I guess like last, if we could squeeze it in, when I think about these acquisitions for solid waste and environmental services, can you help us - Jon is like the environmental services is this lower than average margin when we think of some of this stuff outside of the oil and gas more the downstream is that lower margin, you guys can bring it up over time to kind of thinking about that portion of the business that you guys are growing relative to like the non-hazardous solid waste.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, so we start with everything on intrinsic value and returns, right. That's where we start from a fundamental standpoint. And any deal we do is going to have to clear that hurdle right individually and then naturally collectively it will over time as a platform. These businesses in general do have a lower margin profile than recycling and solid waste, they also have a different capital intensity. So when you think about free cash flow conversion, right, it looks very similar. And we do think there's certainly an opportunity to raise those margins over time. And, again, we have been incredibly consistent over the last decade on our commitment to pricing, right. And that we won't flinch or back off of that, right as we grow in the broader volume of services space, right, we are going to be able to price because we're going to provide a differentiated service and that supports us not only giving a fair wage increase to our employees, but then expanding margins and providing great returns to our shareholders over time.
Michael Stinger: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. So I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Vander Ark for some closing comments.
Jon Vander Ark : Thank you, Isley. In closing, we are pleased with our third quarter performance. We delivered double digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow. We continue to manage the business to create long-term value for all stakeholders and expect continued profitable growth in 2022. I would like to thank all our employees for their continued hard work and commitment to our customers. It is our team of dedicated employees that make these results possible. Have a good evening and be safe.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 US Ecology Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Gerratt, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Gerratt: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call this morning are Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Feeler; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Bell; and Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Steve Welling. Before we begin, please note that certain statements contained in this conference call that do not describe historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Since forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the continued impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the macroeconomic impact of specific end markets in which we operate, and our expectations for financial results for 2021. Management cannot control or predict many factors that determine future results. Listeners should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management's views only on the date such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For those joining by webcast, you can follow along with today's presentation. For those listening by phone, you can access today's presentation on our website at www.usecology.com. Throughout yesterday's earnings release and our call and presentation today, we refer to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share and adjusted free cash flow. These metrics are not determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are therefore susceptible to varying calculations. A definition, calculation, and reconciliation to the financial statements of adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow can be found in Exhibit A of our earnings release. We believe these non-GAAP metrics are useful in evaluating our reported results. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Feeler: Thank you, Eric, and good morning to everyone joining the call today. I would like to begin first by personally thanking all of my colleagues on the US Ecology team who are working hard to continue to keep people and our environment safe for our communities. Our emergency response teams are currently responding to the wildfires that are impacting the western parts of the United States and Canada, protecting critical infrastructure that we all depend on. My thoughts and well wishes are with these team members and all of those that are involved for their continued safety in these challenging times. Turning to our second quarter results, for those that are following the webcast presentation, I'll direct your attention to Slide 5. Strong industrial trends and solid momentum continued to accelerate in the second quarter of 2021, allowing us to drive revenue growth across each of our business segments, with total revenue up 13% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Due to project deferment and unfavorable service mix in the quarter concentrated primarily in our Waste Solutions segment, our results came in below expectations, both from a margin and EBITDA perspective. We do expect to see continued improvement in the coming months and quarters. Turning first to Field Services, our strong execution in this segment delivered double digit revenue growth and EBITDA growth when stripping out a contingency consideration gain recorded in the second quarter of last year. This growth was reflected across substantially all of our service offerings. We are encouraged by the recovery and remain confident in our ability to more than offset the COVID-19 decontamination work that we had last year. Our energy waste segment delivered results ahead of expectations and reported its fourth quarter of sequential EBITDA improvement with rising disposal volumes driven by improved rig counts and related business activity. We remain encouraged by the trends in our energy waste segment with oil remaining above $70 per barrel. Our waste solutions segment returned to revenue growth in the second quarter with strong base business revenue growth, up 7% from the second quarter last year and is up 3% sequentially from the first quarter earlier this year, reflecting broad improvement in our end markets, including metals manufacturing, mining and E&P, general manufacturing, and chemical manufacturing. With this growth, our base business is up 2% in the first six months of the year compared to the first six months last year, keeping us on track to achieve our expected base business target growth of 5% to 7% for the full year. The growth in this segment reflects an overall improvement in the industrial sector that we are seeing in our services side of the business as well as those industrial production metrics that are being reported. However, some industry headwinds remain as customers continue to manage through supply chain disruptions, labor challenges, and transportation shortages, while others, like our refinery based customers, are managing their maintenance spending to focus on free cash flow generation. We expect these headwinds to lessen over the coming quarters. Additionally, our base business growth is being further constrained by third party incineration capacity, which is causing restrictions in our waste receipts across the industry. Our waste solutions segment was impacted during the quarter by a 13% decline in event business compared to the second quarter last year, due in large part to projects shifting to the back half of the year and into 2022, along with the early completion of a few larger projects. The event business revenue decline had a disproportionate impact on our second quarter margin due to an unfavorable service mix as replacement projects were at a lower average selling price and margin profile compared to the second quarter last year. Overall, the second quarter we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $34.2 million and generated free cash flow of $11.6 million. Despite the year-over-year decline in adjusted EBITDA, we continue to see strong fundamentals driven by the industrial recovery as seen by our solid base business and services revenue growth, which is expected to continue into the second half of the year. Before I turn the call back over to Eric to further review our financial results, I want to provide a quick update on some of our latest sustainability initiatives. Providing environmental solutions for our customers' complex needs is at the heart of what we do, and we have compiled a nearly 70 year history of regulatory and operational expertise. This week, we released our 2020 ESG Supplement Report, which is available on our website that builds upon our previously issued sustainability report and includes more detailed disclosures based off SASB, an independent nonprofit that develop sustainability accounting standards. I want to take a quick moment and point out a couple of highlights from this report. On the environmental front, in 2020, we protected our environment by ensuring safe treatment, recycling, and final disposal of more than 4.6 billion pounds of customers' hazardous waste. We also treated more than 68 million gallons of wastewater and recycled more than 22 million pounds of metal and more than 1.7 million gallons of oil. We are pleased to report that 39% of our power consumption used in our facilities in 2020 came from renewable energy sources. We are making significant progress gathering our baseline greenhouse gas emissions data in 2021 and are on track to publish these results and reduction goals by the end of the year. On the social front, our Inclusion and Diversity Committee continues to promote our shared values of diversity, equity, and inclusion and improve engagement with employees. We are dedicated to promoting a culture of safety. And while we are already significantly better than industry average statistics, we continue to bring down the number of safety incidents and accidents across our organization. We also recognize the difficulties of the ongoing pandemic has had on our team members and have provided more than 46,000 hours of incremental COVID related paid time off for our team members to deal with these uncertain and trying times. We are proud of the special culture we've created here at US Ecology that is built on inclusion, respect, protecting the environment, and continuous improvement, and we look forward to continue building on this strong foundation. With that, I'll turn it back to Eric.
Eric Gerratt: Thanks Jeff. Starting with consolidated results on Slide 8, revenue for the second quarter of 2021 was $240.8 million. Revenue for the waste solutions segment was $108.4 million for the second quarter of 2021, up 5% compared to $103 million in the second quarter of 2020. The increase was driven by a 4% increase in treatment and disposal revenue and an 11% increase in transportation revenue. As Jeff mentioned, the growth in our treatment and disposal revenue was due to a 7% increase in base business, partially offset by a 13% decrease in event business in the second quarter of 2021 compared to last year. The Field Services segment delivered revenue of $124.7 million in the second quarter, up 20% compared to $103.5 million in the second quarter of 2020. The increase was across most of our field services business lines. Total gross margin was 23% in the second quarter, down from 26% in the second quarter last year. Gross margin for our waste solutions segment was 33% in the second quarter of 2021, down from 41% in the second quarter of 2020, reflecting a less favorable service mix, which resulted in lower treatment and disposal margin as well as lower gross margin on transportation revenue. Treatment and disposal margin for the waste solutions segment was 38% in the second quarter of 2021, down from 45% in the second quarter of 2020. As Jeff mentioned, the decline in mix of event business had a disproportionate impact on our margin, and we estimate that approximately five full points of the treatment and disposal margin decline was a result of lower average selling prices on replacement projects compared to the prior year. Gross margin for our field segment improved to 15% in the second quarter, compared to 14% in the second quarter last year. Selling, general and administrative spending, or SG&A, was $51.2 million in the second quarter of 2021 and included $785,000 of business development and integration expenses. This compared to $49.7 million in the second quarter of 2020, which included $3 million in business development and integration expenses. In the second quarter of 2020, we recognized a gain of approximately $2.2 million on the settlement of an earn out contract related to the legacy NRC business, which was recorded as a reduction of SG&A expenses for the quarter. Excluding this gain as well as business development and integration expenses, SG&A increased 3% in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter last year. This increase was primarily related to higher incentive compensation and benefit costs. Adjusted EBITDA was down 12% from the same quarter last year, which included the $2.2 million earn out contract settlement I just mentioned. Excluding this gain from the second quarter of 2020, adjusted EBITDA was down 6% in the second quarter of 2021 attributable to the decline in event business and a less favorable service mix in our waste solutions segment in the second quarter compared to the second quarter last year. Turning to Slide 9, we exited the quarter with a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity. Despite the lower margins compared to the prior year, we were able to generate adjusted free cash flow of $11.6 million in the second quarter of 2021. We had cash of 85.2 and $83 million of available capacity on our revolving line of credit at the end of the second quarter. Net borrowings were $699.2 million at June 30, 2021. Turning now to our business outlook, as included in our release yesterday, we are revising our 2021 full year guidance as shown on Slide 11. We now expect 2021 adjusted EBITDA to range from $165 million to $175 million, down from our previously issued guidance of $175 million to $185 million. Adjusted free cash flow is now expected to range between 42 and $57 million, down from our previously issued guidance range of $60 million to $77 million. Adjusted earnings per diluted share is now expected to range from $0.37 to $0.60 compared to our previous range of $0.65 to $0.88. Revenue is expected to range from $940 million to $990 million, which is consistent with our previous range. Our guidance revision is primarily due to the deferment event of event business to 2022, early project completions, and large scale emergency response work that did not materialize in the first half of the year. With respect to event business, we estimate that approximately $3 million of adjusted EBITDA will shift out of 2021 and into 2022. The majority of this shift is due to ongoing pandemic related challenges that have resulted in delays in mobilization or delays in regulatory approvals at our customer site. In addition, two of our event projects coming into 2021 finished earlier than anticipated, which will impact our full-year adjusted EBITDA outlook by approximately $3 million. Our guidance also assumes that we will likely - we are likely to see additional delays in deferments in the second half of 2021 as project sites continue to navigate logistical challenges due to truck shortages in the US and Canada. While these factors are impacting our outlook for the remainder of 2021, our business fundamentals remain strong, and the pipeline of event business opportunities and improved bidding activity should benefit us in 2022 and beyond. A lack of large emergency response projects in the first half of the year is also responsible for approximately $3 million of our downward revision to adjusted EBITDA guidance. As Jeff mentioned in his opening remarks, we are currently deploying teams to respond to the wildfires in the West, and we're still early in the storm season that typically runs through October. Finally, we are expecting additional costs and inflationary pressures in the back half of 2021 in areas such as labor, supplies, and treatment reagents. Though we can recover some of these increased costs or future pricing adjustments, the timing of these adjustments may not be completed in 2021. We remain encouraged by the underlying industrial trends and pace of business activity and we are seeing conditions strengthen across all of our segments. We anticipate additional recovery and growth in our base business and remain on track to achieve our 5% to 7% growth target for the full year. While growth in our services businesses has been limited by challenging labor conditions, we remain confident of the potential of this segment as we look ahead. Our energy waste business continues to show positive trends and will likely exit the year above our initial targets. Before I turn the call back to Jeff, I'd like to again reiterate that our business fundamentals remain strong, and we are seeing continued improvement across all segments. We continue to expect better financial performance in the second half of the year, both from improving fundamentals as well as historically strong seasonality that typically benefits us. With that, I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Feeler: Thanks Eric. We are encouraged by what we're seeing in the fundamentals of the industrial recovery and the current trajectory that we're on. We communicated at the beginning of the year that the biggest risk to our 2021 outlook was replacing and growing upon record levels of event business in 2020. While we are disappointed that continuing effects of the pandemic have shifted projects into the second half of the year and in 2022, we are encouraged by the bidding activity and opportunities and the overall health of the pipeline. As Eric mentioned the large emergency response events that have not developed in the first half of the year pose the risk to the second half and if they did not materialize. While these headwinds are mitigated by strong base business and services work, along with the positive trends we're seeing in the Energy segment, these risks to our initial guidance are difficult and were difficult to overcome in the remaining six months. Turning to our longer term outlook, we are still marching toward our five year targets with organic revenue growth of 5% to 7% per year, driving $100 million of free cash flow and achieving double digit returns on invested capital by the end of 2025, while lowering our leverage levels to two to two and a half times, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these targets. Before I conclude and open up the call for questions, I'd like to recognize our talented team here at US Ecology. This past quarter, I've had the ability to finally get out and travel to our facilities and sit down with our team members. I continue to be impressed by our people in how they continue to protect human health in the environment, while navigating through ever changing circumstances. We have the right people and the right assets to respond to our customers' needs, and we continue to be a trusted partner for our customers. And together, we are building a sustainable future for all. With the remaining focus on executing our strategy to drive long-term growth and value creation, I am looking forward to all that's to come. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And the first question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, Jeff and team. Thanks for taking the Q's. Can we tease out on the guidance, since no change in revs, but changing EBITDA? Clearly, there's a bridge there where something is better, but something is worse and then the mix works down to the $10 million. So on the $10 million in the EBITDA you said $3 million is emergency response. What were the pros and then the other negative that get me to the net of the $10 million?
Eric Gerratt: So yeah, so the deferral on the event business from this year into next, Michael, is about $3 million of EBITDA. There's another $3 million on event business for projects coming into the year that were included in our initial guidance that have completed early. And so that's about another $3 million. And then you've got the $3 million for the large scale emergency response that was in our guidance that we didn't experience in the first half of the year. And then the rest is really a function of some of the inflationary pieces and things like that that I discussed.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. But sales are staying constant. So there's - if I gross this up into a revenue impact, there's an offset in revs that's happening as well, which means there's an offset in EBITDA, right?
Eric Gerratt: Correct.
Michael Hoffman: So this - the negative is bigger gross, but there's a positive - I'm trying to tease out that there's a positive going on here as well. That's part of the business outperformed, the part of the business underperformed.
Eric Gerratt: Correct. And Michael, if you look at the revenue guidance, so there's the kind of summary guidance table in the release and if you look at the revenue by segment, for our revenue guidance the total is the same, but there is a bit of a shift between waste solutions to field services within that guidance range, which, again, that field services revenue comes at a lower margin than the waste solutions.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. All right. I got - I'm on my 14th earnings call this week, so I haven't gotten to that yet. Okay. Corporate overhead, your number looks like it's really big as a percentage of revenues. Can you talk through what are the big chunks and maybe how you put things that some might put in OpEx versus put it in so that people appreciate this isn't some big target for an opportunity to slash and cut -
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. One of the things, as we look at our overhead or our SG&A, and it's hard to compare it to peers because I don't always know exactly what's included in theirs versus ours. But I know for us, the large component of SG&A, I mean, it includes labor for, obviously, the corporate functions as well as a lot of the administrative expenses and people at our facilities as well and within our regions. The other thing that's included in our SG&A is we have a pretty large chunk of intangible amortization, that relates to non-permit related intangible assets that the biggest jump in those was when we did the NRC acquisition in 2019, but we have upwards of $8 million of intangible asset amortization that flows through SG&A through the first six months. If you strip some of that noise the intangible amortization, business development integration expenses out of our SG&A, we're at about 16.5% of revenue at the end of 2020, we're around 17% year to date through 2021. But I think some of that noise that's within our SG&A and our overhead is that intangible asset amortization, which is a pretty big number.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. What's the incremental business - what's the incremental margin for business coming on in energy waste?
Eric Gerratt: I'm sorry, Michael. I didn't hear that.
Michael Hoffman: I'm sorry. The incremental margin for energy waste as business recovers, what's that look like? Lots of the peers are in a similar business, talk about that being 70%, 80%. Is yours that good?
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. I don't know that it's 70% or 80%. But if you look at our revised guidance and kind of what we did in the second quarter for the energy waste segment, I mean, we had a pretty good recovery in our EBITDA margins. They were back in the mid 20s. And so I would expect - and as we look back at that business pre-pandemic and pre-acquisition, it's an EBITDA margin business that's closer to our waste solutions segment, so low to mid 30s in a normal environment, potentially higher, but we already made a lot of progress getting it back in that 25% range. The new guidance that we put out yesterday for that business, our EBITDA margin is 25% to 28%. So some pretty good improvement with more upside as it improves.
Simon Bell: This is Simon here, Michael. Some of the comparables you're talking about, would they include the services component because I'm not sure that all of them do, which would also impact that incremental margin when comparing to just the disposal assets.
Michael Hoffman: Yeah. Most of them it would be about disposal, so that's fair enough. And then on waste services side, based on commitment that you're going to do 5% to 7% for the year and you've done what you've done for first half at a plus 2% get to the midpoint, you're doing 12% base business in the second half?
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. It's somewhere around 10% to 12%. And really, I would expect that Q3 will be the largest. And part of that is it's typically our strongest quarter, and that's a lower comparable if you go back to 2020.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So it's just a tough question, and I would like - I hope it comes across plate, not sounding nasty. Why model in a guidance for big things that require an event to occur you can't control?
Jeff Feeler: Good question, Michael. The reality is we modeled that in based off history. If you go back to all the way down into 2015, a lot of events have happened and a lot more than what we modeled in. And last year was with all the conditions being shut down and depressed, we didn't see much materialize. So if you go back look in history, those things occur. And so the reality is we believe those to occur in a more normal state, and we model them out what we believed at the time would materialize this year and still may materialize in the back half of the year.
Michael Hoffman: And that's the wildfires or weather events?
Jeff Feeler: Yeah. It could be a whole bunch of different things. It could be chemical plant accidents. It could be a lot of things. I mean, we've had events in the past that a singular accident outside of a major pipeline break could be $20 million to $50 million, I mean, they are big events. We didn't anything like that in. And the reality is more smaller we define it as something over $1 million, which can happen. And we talked about this in our guidance and what was out there when we first launched it.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Yes. You did say at the time, specifically on the event side, I think, more so than the emergency response. What's the risk that these transportation restrictions on capacity there is just lack of drivers for paying people stay home persist through d fall into early '22. And therefore, does that - that doesn't provide any relief on the project activity? Or are there time lines on some of this that are mandated by a court order or what have you, where this is going to happen in '22 if it doesn't happen in '21. How do I think about that project number?
Jeff Feeler: Yeah, Michael. We have a number of different projects that are going to be mandated by regulatory drivers oppose it. But your bigger question is what the industries are facing with right now with driver shortages is real. I mean we're not the only one navigating it. Everybody else is navigating it, and it does create a headwind and we called it out. So when you look at risks into just project based work and even to a certain degree, our base business that has some inherent risks. I know that everybody is trying to - is looking forward to government programs getting released and other things like that, so hopefully more people enter the labor market. But that is a real risk that we're navigating, along with others in the space. So I can't quantify what that can do, but the reality is it's inherent in what we're dealing with right now.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Feeler: All right. Thanks Michael.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much.
Jeff Feeler: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Silber: You talked a little bit about the truck driver issue. From a labor constraint perspective, are there any other pockets of labor where you're having trouble finding people or filling jobs?
Simon Bell: Yeah. Jeff, this is Simon. The drivers are certainly the most challenging in terms of labor shortages. But the short of it is, yes, we're seeing challenges across the board, chemical operators, equipment operators, just general labor. It's different in different regions. But certainly, we're having some pockets where we're having challenges, and we're not able to fully realize the full potential of jobs out there. We've got a lot of programs moving, which we think are going to help us there. But, yes, it is beyond drivers.
Jeff Feeler: And I'll just add, Jeff, on that is we have a couple of hundred plus positions open that we're actively recruiting for. And it comes back to that fundamental is there's 9 plus million people in the United States alone that are sitting on the sidelines today. And all the data shows that there's over 9 million of job openings. So the reality is there is some impacts that we're hoping that we'll release here in the coming months on there to help mitigate what we're seeing. But we're competing for talent. We're trying to get talent. If we had more people, we would be able to drive more revenue. We are being held back on our growth potential right now because of labor. And we're trying to diligently compete for that and be able to get good talent in and being able to service our customers. But it is a reality we're facing right now.
Jeff Silber: All right. That's helpful. And if we can shift gears over to the pricing environment, I mean, we're hearing from everybody that they're able to put through price increases. I wouldn't say very easily, but - in a fairly easy method to some extent. Can you talk about what the pricing environment is out there, both from your perspective and from a competitive perspective?
Jeff Feeler: Sure. I'll let Steve address and I'll fill in.
Steve Welling: Sure. So we did take some price increases in Q1 and Q2 in select markets. And depending on the service line, we do have the ability to potentially do additional increases in the second half of the year. We've been looking at that. It's a balance of whether what's the competitive market because we want to make sure we don't price ourselves out and losing work. What are the timing notifications because on our waste disposal business, we have, in some cases, 60 to 90 day notification to make an adjustment? So we're looking at what we can do. There are a number of areas we can move quickly. There are certain other service lines, though, that we are stuck with an annual adjustment. So it just really depends. But it's something that we have flexibility there.
Jeff Silber: Okay, that's really helpful. Thanks.
Jeff Feeler: Yeah. Jeff, I'll just add a little bit to this. I think the global takeaway on this is we do have the ability to push pricing through as Steve just talked about. And it depends based on contractual arrangements and that type of thing and the timing thereof. The caution we put up is we're we've been able to manage all the inflationary pressures for the most part to the first half of the year. Really, the notifications we're starting to see now and what we kind of put a headwind in part of our guidance is we're starting to see more of those starting to come through in the back half of the year. And we're really analyzing what the overall impacts are and timing of when we can actually start adjusting price, especially since we already did one price increase earlier this year. The last thing we want to do is be in raising prices every week on our customers because it's not good. So we're trying to get our arms around all of that determine the best strategies of when we go to market to make sure we can fully capture what we're seeing. And that's why we put a headwind it may not be fully implemented by 2021 and really focused on 2022.
Jeff Silber: All right. That's really helpful. Thanks so much.
Jeff Feeler: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: The next question will come from William Grippin with UBS. Please go ahead.
William Grippin: Great. Thank you. Just had one here on the EBITDA guide, it looks like the guidance implies a pretty significant second half ramp in margin versus the first half. I mean, you just talked about cost inflation pressures possibly accelerating here in the second half. Could you just give a little color on, I guess, what's driving that half-on-half increase in the margin?
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. I think the biggest - one of the biggest things is just additional activity that we typically see seasonally in the third quarter, and we're projecting a really strong fourth quarter as well. And so as that - particularly on the event business side picks up, some of that large scale ER picks up, it comes in at a higher incremental margin. So that's really the biggest driver of that lift you see from the first half to the second half, which isn't uncommon that we typically see each year, a decent sized lift in our second half over the first as the event business and the activity in the third and fourth quarters pick up.
William Grippin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next question will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Jeff Feeler: Good morning.
Eric Gerratt: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: So I hastily kind of put together this little Q - like the guidance from Q1 and the guidance from Q2. And I just want to kind of go through this because I got to understand the guide pieces. So if we start in waste solutions, you're looking for, call it, an $8 million, and this is all at the midpoint, so an $8 million revenue and a $6 million EBITDA. I think you fleshed that out pretty well, $3 million of deferral, $3 million of kind of projects that have ended early. So you assume about a 75% incremental margin there. So first off, is that a good placeholder for incrementals and decrementals in that waste solutions business? Or is there something unique there?
Eric Gerratt: I got to think about that, Tyler. That sounds pretty reasonable to me and not uncommon with what we see. So I think, yes, as that event business scales up and scales down, it can cut both ways at a pretty high incremental margin.
Simon Bell: I mean, it's really defining the operating leverage these landfills have those incremental tons that come through really flow down to the bottom line.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So that makes sense. Now I'm confused on field services. So you raised revenue, but you lowered EBITDA by like $4 million. So why would that be? What exactly is going on there?
Eric Gerratt: So some of it, Tyler, well, a portion of it is the large scale ER that didn't happen in the first half that, again, similar to some of our event business comes through at a really high incremental margin on the waste solutions side. So that is a piece of it as well as just some of the mix and some of what we're seeing and some of the cost and inflationary challenges that we're expecting in that piece of the business that Jeff touched on a bit in terms of drivers and labor and some of those things. And if you look at the guidance - the revised guidance versus the previous, it's about 100 basis points of margin that went down in this version of the guidance versus the previous.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the energy waste side, again, kind of just like a funny change to the guide because you raised revenue by $3 million, but EBITDA by $6 million. And you guys talked about - I mean, again, I'm just kind of confused as to why that would go up so much.
Eric Gerratt: Yes. It's again, incremental. It's that incremental margin as it's recovered. We're also feeling a lot of the benefits of some of the cost cutting that we did last year on both labor side, rentals things like that. And so you've really seen us pick up traction really since the second or third quarter last year and seen that improving margin and so incremental revenue comes through at a better margin than it did say a year ago.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So you have those incremental cost cuts layering in, okay. And then just, again - just kind of, this is hastily put together, but it looks like the overall corporate costs also we're going to be higher, but I would have thought that incentive compensation would have been a cushion there or is that not the case? Again, this is all relative to the last guide, not to last year, but relative to the last guide.
Eric Gerratt: I would say there's some incentive compensation shift there, but that's about at least through the first six months in the guidance about where we kind of expected coming into the year. We are seeing some headwinds in terms of some of our benefits costs, some of our insurance costs, and then just overall labor.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So that's a lot where some of that inflation is picking up, okay. Okay. Well, that all is very helpful. So real quickly, I think you had talked about $50 million of EBITDA in Q3, is that a good placeholder?
Eric Gerratt: Yeah, I would say, right around there is about right. We actually - our guidance and our forecast, which - just to be clear, so our forecast is - our current forecast is the midpoint of our guidance and if you look at it and break it down by quarter, we're actually showing that Q4 will be a bit stronger than Q3. But Q3 is kind of about in that $50 million range.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Super helpful. And then on the interest cost and tax rate, just to make sure we have that I know you changed your credit agreement a little bit.
Eric Gerratt: Yes. So the credit agreement, really, the big change, the big positive change is we extended the revolver out another five years. We also, while we're at extended - or increased the covenant permanently. So it steps down and there's actually a chart in the appendix of the presentation for today that shows the new levels. But in terms of interest, we're expecting interest expense to be pretty similar to what we guided before, maybe a bit less. And then on the tax rate, we are seeing some of the change in the EPS guidance is we are seeing or expecting a higher tax rate than we were coming into the year in last quarter. A lot of that is due to, as we look at the forecast and where the revenue is shifting. Some of it is shifting into some of our higher tax jurisdictions, Canada is one good example. And we continue to see our state effective rate continue to increase. So there's about a 250, 300 basis point increase in our tax rate for the year now versus what we thought coming into the year.
Tyler Brown: Yeah. Okay. It's all like something was going on there. Okay. That's helpful. And then on the CapEx, so you held CapEx at the, call it, $87 million, how does that look - does it actually trickle up in 2020 and then kind of start to trickle down later or more into the mid part of the decade? Or how should we think about that, again, assuming no acquisitions, but just kind of looking at the business today?
Simon Bell: Yeah. This is Simon. I would say 2022 is going to be another heavy spend on the landfill side. So I would expect probably a slight increase over 2021, then 2023 kind of returning lowering maybe to mid 80s and then really seeing benefits into the '24, '25 because of the reduction in the landfill spend. It was just a case, and it would be a long explanation, but we have to - with the most efficient thing and it made the most sense for us to build a large portion of the landfill in '21 and '22, pulling some of that spend forward, but we should see the benefits moving into '23, '24.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's helpful. And then my last one here, I know there's some talk about truck drivers and such. I know a thing or two about that. But one other aspect is the railroads. So I'm curious, the rail - if you look at train speeds and dwell obviously, the rails are struggling. There's a couple of things. I'm curious if you're seeing increased accessorial charges or if you're seeing just an overall slowing in rail velocity if that is problematic for you as well?
Simon Bell: Yes. Again, this is Simon. Tyler, it's something we're watching very closely, and we've heard about some of these slowdowns. But the corridors that we're using today, I'm not seeing a lot of impacts, not seeing a lot of delays that may be in part because a lot of the material comes from out East and heads East and maybe they're not dealing with the wildfires like they are out West. So something on the rail side today, I would call it stable, but carefully watching it.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Yeah. It could be your traffic mix, not to get into a long discussion about this, but yes, that makes sense.
Steve Welling: Our business really isn't too dependent on the timing of the rail. I mean, it could result in the need for extra cars to rent. But for the most part, as long as it's leaving the customer site, they seem to be happy.
Tyler Brown: Okay. All right, guys. Thank you so much for the time.
Jeff Feeler: Thanks Tyler.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Feeler for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Feeler: Great. I just want to thank those for attending the call today and look forward to updating you in coming quarters.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the US Ecology First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Gerratt, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Eric Gerratt: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call this morning are Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Feeler; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Bell; and Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Steve Welling.  Before we begin, please note that certain statements contained in this conference call that do not describe historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Since forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed include, but are not limited to those discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties also include but are not limited to statements regarding the continued impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the macroeconomic impact of specific end markets in which we operate and our expectations for financial results for 2021. Management cannot control or predict many factors that determine future results. Listeners should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management's views only on the date such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For those joining by webcast, you can follow along with today's presentation. For those listening by phone, you can access today's presentation on our website at www.usecology.com. Throughout yesterday's earnings release and our call and presentation today, we refer to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per diluted share cash earnings per diluted share and adjusted free cash flow. These metrics are not determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and therefore are susceptible to varying calculations. A definition, calculation, and reconciliation to the financial statements of adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow can be found in Exhibit A of our earnings release. We believe these non-GAAP metrics are useful in evaluating our reported results.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Feeler: Thank you, Eric and good morning to everyone joining the call today. Before I dive into some prepared remarks on the quarter, I'd like to personally thank all of my colleagues within US Ecology for their dedication to health, safety and operational excellence, despite the disruptions from the ongoing global pandemic, weather events and other constraints. For those that are following our webcast presentation, please direct your attention to Slide 5. The positive momentum we saw in our business in the second half of 2020 has continued into the first quarter 2021, with improving trends and overall business conditions across a substantial portion of our business. Overall, our first quarter results were slightly ahead of our expectations. These solid results were achieved on the efforts of our broad-based team, that navigated the continued pandemic challenges and new challenges such as the extreme weather events impacting our Texas-based operations and customers and supply chain disruptions that are proving to be headwinds for many of our industrial-based customers delaying them from returning to pre-COVID levels. Total company revenue was $228.6 million for the first quarter of 2021 and was down just 5% year-over-year when compared to a strong pre-pandemic first quarter last year. Our Field Services segment was a bright spot with organic revenue growth of 4%. Our emergency response business was strong on the backs of continued COVID-19 decontamination work. We completed just under 2,700 projects and generated approximately $12.5 million of revenue during the quarter. This was a 13% sequential improvement over the fourth quarter last year and was the strongest quarter since the pandemic began. In our Waste Solutions segment, base business revenue was down just 3% year-over-year, as beginning to benefit from the improved economic conditions. Looking sequentially at our base business, it was down 1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, much less than the sequential decline of 5% we experienced in the same period last year. Dissecting our base business by month, March 2021 was the strongest month of the quarter, recording both sequential and year-over-year growth. We anticipate base business will build on the results in March and record year-over-year growth in the second quarter, putting us on track to achieve our 5% to 7% growth target for the full year of 2021. Event Business revenue was down 9% in the first quarter compared to the prior year and was up 2% sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2020.We continue to see positive developments in our pipeline with increased bidding activities, with market reopenings and expectations for more normalized business conditions as we approach the summer construction season.  Our energy waste business has now reported its third quarter of sequential EBITDA improvement, with increased treatment dispose and disposal volumes on improved rig count and related business activity. This allowed us to return to a positive EBITDA contribution during the quarter, generating approximately $1.3 million of EBITDA. Though revenues were down 64% in the first quarter compared to last year, they were up 29% from the fourth quarter of 2020 and we are encouraged by the trends we are seeing. While we are nowhere near pre-pandemic levels, the positive developments are welcome side and are better than we had expected to see last year. Overall, we reported total company adjusted EBITDA of $33.2 million, down 23% from the prior year, which was ahead of our internal plan. We continue to generate strong free cash flow of $13.7 million during the quarter.  Before I turn the call over to Eric, I want to provide an update on some of our latest sustainability initiatives which we are working on in 2021.On the governance front, in February, we had announced the appointment of Mack Hogans to our Board. Mack brings extensive experience in leadership, strategy, M&A, governance and ESG programs. This addition along with others made in 2020 demonstrate our ongoing focus on board refreshment and our commitment to board diversity, not only with regard to gender and race, but also experienced and expertise as well. These ongoing steps we are taking to improve diversity both within our Board and our employee base has strengthened us as a company. On the environmental front, we have substantially completed gathering our vehicle fleet and emissions data and its impact on greenhouse gas emissions. Our vehicle fleet represents the most significant impact to the environment, given that our landfills have minimal greenhouse gas emissions, particularly when compared to solid waste landfills of our peers. With our baseline data in hand, we are working with our capital planning group and advisors to develop emission reduction targets below our baseline levels, despite expanding our fleet to support our growing field services business. We are also advancing sustainable waste solution services we offer to our customers, including investing and beneficial reuse technologies like aerosol recycling, container recycling and distillation recovery systems, which we believe are responsive to demands in the marketplace and are not only good for the environment, but also good for business.  Finally, on the social front, we know that it's essential in a sophisticated and competitive market sector like ours to have leading human capital practices. The starting point for us therefore is to look as widely, inclusively and creatively as possible to identify, attract and retain, promote and protect our top talent. Anything we do that needlessly limits our talent pool or just diminishes the effectiveness of our team members and their career prospects can adversely affect our employment value proposition as well as our overall culture. This means that our diversity, equity and inclusion are a core to our value creation and sustainability efforts and this is evident in the strength of our programs. To give a couple of examples, we offer a wide variety of industry-leading programs to meet our employees individual needs wherever possible. We have created regular and robust feedback loops, so that we can gain insights from all of our people, including our fresh size. And we continue to evolve our training, mentoring, promotion and retention programs to increase diversity, respect and inclusive ways of working throughout our company. We are proud of the special culture we have created, that is built on inclusion, respect, protecting the environment and continuous improvement in everything we do. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Eric Gerratt: Thank you, Jeff. Starting with consolidated results on Slide 8. Revenue for the first quarter of 2021 was $228.6 million. Revenue for the Waste Solutions segment was $104.1 million for the first quarter of 2021, down 5% compared to $109.4 million in the first quarter of 2020. The decrease was due to a 17% decline in transportation revenue and a 3% decrease in Treatment and Disposal revenue.  The decline in our Treatment and Disposal revenue was driven by a 3% decline in base business and a 9% decrease in event business in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter last year. The Field Services segment delivered revenue of $118.2 million in the first quarter, up 4% compared to $114 million in the first quarter of 2020.  This increase was driven by increases in our emergency response, small quantity generation and total waste management service lines. Total gross margin contracted approximately 280 basis points to 23% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the same period last year. This was primarily a result of lower waste volumes in both our Waste solutions and our energy waste segments. Selling, general and administrative spending or SG&A was $51.4 million in the first quarter of 2021 and included $1.2 million of business development and integration expenses. This compared to $52.4 million in the first quarter of 2020, which included $2.9 million in business development and integration expenses. Adjusted loss per diluted share was $0.07 in the first quarter of 2021 compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.12 in the same quarter last year. Adding back the impact of intangible asset amortization, cash earnings per diluted share was $0.14 in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $0.33 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA was $33.2 million in the first quarter, down 23% from the first quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 9. We exited the quarter with a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity. Despite the lower operating results compared to the prior year, we were able to generate strong adjusted free cash flow of $13.7 million in the first quarter of 2021. We had cash of $82.4 million and over $140 million of available capacity on our revolving line of credit at the end of the first quarter. Net borrowings were $702. 9 million at March 31, 2021, which was an improvement over our net borrowings at December 31, 2020. Our bank covenant leverage ratio was 4.5 times at March 31, 2021, well under the 5.5 times covenant level for the quarter. We expect the first quarter of 2021 to be the high point in terms of leverage and that will be below 4 times at the end of 2021. With that, I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Feeler: Thank you, Eric. We are encouraged by the positive trends we are seeing with quarter-over-quarter improvement across most if not all our business lines. With this and the improving industrial trends combined with our ongoing success in our NRC integration activities, we have reaffirmed our 2021 business outlook. This includes a forecast of growth for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per diluted share in 2021. Diving into our integration activities in more detail. We continue to make terrific progress and we are seeing our revenue synergies really gained momentum here in the second year. We continue to see a path to meet our three-year target of $20 million of EBITDA synergies by the end of 2021, one year ahead of our original target. Slide 10 has a detailed breakdown of our 2021 guidance that was released in February of this year and that we are reaffirming today. I am so proud of the entire US Ecology team and their ability to step-up, innovate and drive value during these times. As the industrial economies recover, we have the right assets and services in the right places to capitalize and thrive. We continue to be a trusted partner to our customers and together we are building a sustainable future for all. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: I appreciate that you got, you opened the year a little bit ahead of plan, you're reaffirming the guidance and I don't think companies are supposed to be trying to chase their guidance up prematurely. How would you reflect on the trend inside the guidance though? Is this have more momentum to the upside than not given what you're seeing?
Eric Gerratt: I mean we're one quarter into it, another month behind us after today with April on here. And what I would say is, is the year is looking, the way we intended it to look maybe it's a little bit better. I mean there's a lot of green shoots that are out there. And our first quarter results, they were strong results given the fact pattern. But you also put into context some of the continued start and stop activities that we've seen with the ongoing pandemic, but we also had some major weather events that disrupted everything. So all in, I'm really proud of what we delivered in the first quarter. And I think it does set us up for a strong 2021. But there is still nine months to go. And we're going to continue to execute our strategy in our plan. And we have conviction in our guidance range that we released just back in February and reaffirmed it yesterday.
Michael Hoffman: And when we think about cadence, is there anything particular about what happened is exited 1Q and what you know since March April, essentially done about, how to think about the cadence, is this sort of originally when we all have these conversations in February, it was kind of a steady, almost ratable March through the year. Does it picked up a little bit speed in 2Q or does it still stay pretty ratable as far as the top line?
Jeff Feeler: Thinking about the cadence of the top line, normal seasonality will play in and will drive it. So yeah, we're expecting Q2 to be sequentially better than Q1 and Q3, sequentially better than Q2. And they're talking about cadence from March to April, I would say, we're seeing similar patterns. And w -- when you get into the first quarter and look at it by month, March was the strongest month that we had. So all of that is pointing in the right direction. There is nothing that's given us a lot of pause there in their. And I would say that we're on track to deliver that range and execute on our plan.
Michael Hoffman: And then you mentioned and it's not the first time I've heard this, but some of the supply disruptions are slowing the recovery of some of the customer base. That doesn't looks like that's going to get any relief in this calendar year. And is that, that's all accounted for in the guidance as well as that that you weren't looking for a big lift on reopening per se more of an overall improvement in the industrial economy broadly?
Jeff Feeler: So all of that factored in Michael in what we're seeing. And I think that that when you think about the choppiness we referred to in Q1, we saw it with a lot of closures and kind of the high rates of infection that we saw in the pandemic, we've seen that alleviate. But on the supply chain information, it is impacting our customers. If you go and read the detailed commentary on what industrial customers are staying through ISM and things like that, they claim, they can't meet their demand because one supply changes disruption, but also labor shortages. And those are some of the things our customers are challenged with to regain and get back to I'll call pre-COVID levels and growth there upon. And so, those are things that are all factored in. But we're seeing it in our customer base and it creates ongoing choppiness.
Michael Hoffman: And then last two for me. Texas got snot beat out of it from a weather issue, power shutdown and you are not hiding behind any weather commentary. But I'm just curious if you hadn't had a loss of power for a week or more, what the difference in the numbers might have been?
Jeff Feeler: We haven't even tried to attempt to quantify that Michael. From our operational perspective, some of our business lines were down 10 and 10 days to two weeks, others reopened fairly rapidly, especially in our services arm and we had a little bit of freeze damage from the weather. But the reality is February was definitely impacted pretty hard in that region. We did see a nice uptick in March in that area, which probably is a little bit of pickup on there. But when we look at the whole of the equation, it's probably a setback because some of that business will never regain, because our customers were shut down. But for the most part, we still think that business conditions are robust enough down there that we'll be able to recover.
Michael Hoffman: So closing the loop on that, you had a good quarter better than your plan and you had to deal with all of that. So if without it, it would have been that much incrementally better?
Jeff Feeler: Absolutely.
Michael Hoffman: Debt repayment, are there any structural limits on any of the terms of the debt make whole agreements anything like that that can allow you to keep walking these numbers down as you generate cash?
Eric Gerratt: No. Michael, this is Eric. We're able to pay the facility down as quickly as we'd like. So there are no limitations on either obviously on the revolver, but even on the term loan B. The only limitations we have for the first year, there were some limitations on that, but that's, it's now wide open and we can pay down as quickly as we want.
Michael Hoffman: And one last one, you opened the year saying we expect decontamination work to trend down. It was actually better in 1Q than your thought. Is it trending down or is it holding up?
Jeff Feeler: No, it's actually trending down. So we saw a surge in January and the first part of February, and it's been trending down since then, which is what we anticipated and it really follows the case loads that are out there. And from the good side of things that for me humanity standpoint is we are seeing ourselves getting ahead of this pandemic at least here domestically. And so, if we see a risen case load, I would imagine that business line will benefit from it and otherwise they will be replaced by hopefully resurgence of industrial-based activities. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: So just to be clear, there's not really much additional de-con work in the guide for the rest of the year?
Eric Gerratt: No, I mean, no.
Tyler Brown: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I mean, I know the reopenings difficult to discern free all. But and you don't talk a lot about monthly trends, but you did kind of make some mentions about March. Is there any way you can kind of let us know what base did in March or is it not really, just any color on exactly how much base was up in March?
Jeff Feeler: From a year-over-year perspective, directionally, it was up about 10%. Now, the reality is if you go back to March of last year, we probably, we were starting to shut down in the second week or halfway through. So probably, March last year was a little bit lower when you look at the monthly cycle on that. So I think that's elevated.  When you look at our base business for the full year, we are still confident that we're going to be able to deliver growth for between 5% to 7% on that and that's with us being down 3% in the first quarter. So everything is trending the way we expected it. It could be a little bit better than what we said on that side of things. But overall, when you equal everything out, we're still very confident in what we have for guidance out there.
Tyler Brown: And so, Q2 implicitly is like plus double digit range on the base side?
Jeff Feeler: I would expect a very healthy rebound in Q2 from a growth perspective.
Tyler Brown: And then, just, again, I don't know if you can put a finer point on Q2 just to help us with our models. But you say it should improve sequentially. I mean, are we talking something like $5 million to $10 million of EBITDA sequentially just to help us kind of get, because Q2 is just a really funny quarter?
Eric Gerratt: I think that's, this is Eric, Tyler. I think that's probably a reasonable range. If you look at our second quarter last year, we did EBITDA of just under $39 million. And so, I would expect us to be quite a bit better than that and that we can see laid out is probably reasonable.
Tyler Brown: Okay, that's helpful. And then, so Jeff, you talked a little bit about investing in your people and about your kind of human capital and how you're really focus there, which is great. First off, I'm curious how many drivers do you actually employ roughly?
Jeff Feeler: We're right around 250 to 300.
Tyler Brown: And so, how hard is that, is that group to retain and recruit in the current environment? I mean, we obviously cover the truckers. I mean there is a lot going on out there. I know it's a different business. It's more of a go home at night business. But curious, are you seeing like real, substantive pressures on hiring retaining in that particular group?
Jeffrey Feeler: We continue to see challenges in that group. And you nailed it. It's It's a demographic that it's not growing. And there's a lot of competing pressure, not only from our side of the world, but many other industries in there. So yes, we're continue to see challenges in there. Simon, maybe you can elaborate on some of the things that we're doing.
Simon Bell: So this is Simon. It is a challenge as Jeff says. What we're doing is we're certainly launching programs that kind of provide retention. We're launching programs to kind of pay for schooling and encourage our employees to get their CDLs, really creating committees to better understand what is important to the driving community and what we can do to support them. As you mentioned, we do have both long haul and short haul. But certainly we think we can differentiate ourselves in some of the short-haul and really just listening to their drivers needs. And so, as Jeff said, it's something we are fiercely focused on, but, and we will be for a while I suspect.
Tyler Brown: So some of those jobs, like I said are a little bit more LTL in nature, where I guess are coming home. But there is a subset, where you're actually laying those guys down at night that that long haul piece, it's probably a little bit tougher to recruit?
Simon Bell: Absolutely. I mean, you think of our retail program in particular that -- those guys will be on the road for several days and then definitely a more challenging?
Tyler Brown: Interesting. Okay. And then back to the NRC synergies. So correct me if I'm wrong, because I'm going off top of my head here. Eric, I think you of the 20, I think is the number you may be got 10 last year. I think you were guiding to something like 3 to 5. But then, Jeff, it sounded like there is more optimism there. So I'm just curious, are you basically tracking ahead of what you had originally thought on the synergies for this year, are we kind of right in line? You're just hoping that by the end of the year, you will be fully run rated.
Eric Gerratt: So we're tracking a little bit ahead of what we thought for 2021 and it's really driven on the revenue side of things and I talked about the momentum, that's definitely continuing. And we're seeing a lot of opportunities emerged as we continue to really get more of a cohesive sales group across the organization and driving those results.  And we're seeing opportunities there. So we do believe that by the end of the year, we'll have achieved that $20 million run-rate and there is potentially upside to that next year.
Jeff Feeler: And as a reminder, Tyler, the $20 million number was one that we put out at the time of the acquisition that we thought we'd be at that run rate by the end of 2022. So we feel like we're a year ahead of schedule.
Tyler Brown: And then just my last one. Maybe coming back to the energy business. So I think you talked a little bit about it Jeff for kind of talked about on the periphery. But obviously, oil prices have moved. I'm just curious if you're starting to see any green shoots out there in the oil patch. Are you starting to see any building confidence that maybe that business could be a positive delta to what you're expecting for this year?
Jeff Feeler: Well, Tyler, there's definitely green shoots in there. I mean, we definitely were ahead of plan and what we have anticipated on that business. We've seen rig counts increased dramatically from the low point, but they've increased, they've increased sequentially as well. And it's in both of the basins, both the Permian and Eagle Ford that we're -- that we planned. The reality though and the sanity check is we're still at 50% levels of where we were pre-pandemic. So all the trends are good. The activity is increasing. We're seeing a lot of green shoots out there. But we still have a ways to go to get back to that pre-pandemic level.
Tyler Brown: And then, just real quickly, can you remind me what the mix is? Is it roughly half and half Permian versus Eagle Ford or is it skewed one way?
Jeff Feeler: From a revenue standpoint, it's about half and half on there. So where our strength right now is in Eagle Ford, because we have two assets that we're put in place just before the pandemic set in and the Permian. Those are -- they are and they are trending positive, but they're still not to where we want them to be.
Tyler Brown: And is the CapEx on that business roughly set as then you've kind of developed the footprint of the landfills probably built-out the first cells. Are you kind of good on the CapEx side, so that when we do see volumes come back in it, there is not a tremendous amount of capital mean?
Simon Bell: Tyler, this is Simon. We are certainly planning and moving forward with our landfill construction this year. So we're going to make sure we have capacity for whatever the demand is. And we're also continuing with some refurbishment of equipment. And certainly, we're planning for a recovery and we're spending our capital accordingly.
Jeff Feeler: And to just clarify that a little Tyler. The landfill Simon is referring to is the one in the Eagle Ford that that's the first one that was built. And so, it's current cell is almost, it's been operating for what four years and so it's just the next cell at that facility.
Tyler Brown: Good deal. All right, guys. Thanks so much for the time.
Jeff Feeler: All right. Thanks, Tyler.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Actually, just wanted to follow-up from one of Tyler's first question, about hiring and wage inflation and retention. We talked about truck drivers. Are you seeing, if it is anywhere else throughout the company? I know, we've got a lot of other companies complaining that it's tough to find good quality skilled workers out there.
Jeff Feeler: I think everybody is competing for the same talent. I mean, the reality is, not only is are we competing against other companies, but my personal opinion is I think that there, we're competing against some of the government subsidy programs that are out there and that will hopefully will free up here the summer timeframe. But I think the combination of those two is creating a challenging condition to recruit frontline workers.
Jeff Silber: Okay, that's helpful. And you mentioned the government subsidies. So I wanted to ask about the infrastructure plan. I know it's still early. I know there's just some proposals. Is there anything in there that you think might either help or hurt your business?
Jeff Feeler: Steve, why don't you address that?
Steve Welling: Sure. Hi, this is Steve Welling here. What we've read so far is we look to potentially increase super fund clean-up work. There is possibly a proposal to add back the super fund tax on corporations, which will provide money for those types of cleanups.  There is also when you do infrastructure improvements, usually, that means there's things that get turned down, cleaned up first before you improve. So like bridges, there could be lead paints and other waste streams that come from that. Also seeing that there is some information about improvement at schools in urban areas, which they want to remove all the lead piping. So it looks like that would, it would be a benefit to us for sure. It's just we don't have much detail yet.
Jeff Silber: Sure nobody does, but that's actually good to hear. And finally, I think you alluded to this a little bit earlier. But you mentioned some of the starts and stops in terms of reopening. Are there any specific areas to call out that are doing better than others?
Jeff Feeler: So what we're seeing is the West has seen some positivity and really the Gulf. And they're the ones that are starting to have been reopened and are reopening more. When we saw the start and stop is we have a lot of operations in the Michigan corridor and they've been a hotspot. And so, that was a challenge in the first quarter. But they're getting things under control. And we anticipate that that to improve here overall. And then, internationally, Canada continues to struggle. They're not -- they don't have the same vaccination rates that we do here. And I think Ontario just walk back down or the province of Ontario. And so, they've been struggling there. But the underlying business still seems to be gaining traction and positive momentum even though they're going through some starts and stops.
Jeff Silber: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks so much.
Jeff Feeler: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyson Bauer with KC Capital. Please go ahead.
Tyson Bauer: On the whole theme of pricing and inflation and treatment cost, whether it'd be freight or wage or other, some of the companies in the coverage universe have benefited from the inflation effects, others have suffered because of it. What is US Ecology stand as far as, are you able to pass those through, get a benefit in rising pricing environment or are you trying to absorb some of those treatment costs and that's may put a little pressure on?
Jeff Feeler: Steve, why don't you talk about the pricing in what we -- the strategy we've been doing this year and I'll have Eric kind of chime in on where we're seeing some inflationary challenges.
Steve Welling: So in prior years, we've done more across the board tag price increasing and this year it has been totally different. What we did is some selective price increase in certain markets, on certain waste streams and then some specific geographies, where the customer base wasn't as impacted as others. So we have taken price increases in the first quarter. Most went into effect between January 15th and February 15th on base business only. Event work, we bid case by case. But we have been doing a number of things and we're also looking, whether we potentially, one of the possibilities for maybe another increase in mid-year. But we've been able to pass the number of things along. In terms of the transportation, generally, we have a separate charge like on fuel surcharge. That does -- when things go up or down there recovered. But for the most part, a lot of our pricing, on waste disposal side, we have the ability to do adjust. We do have some select service lines, where we're in a longer term contract. But that's not the majority of our business.
Eric Gerratt: And Tyson, Just in terms of kind of the categories where, we're feeling the most pressure in terms of costs. That we've talked a lot about labor, that that's probably one of the biggest right there with it insurance. Insurance is one that that everyone frankly whether in our industry or not, we're seeing pretty significant increases and have over the last couple of years, this year is not exception. Steve talked about transportation. We feel like we do have some opportunities there just based on where our contracts work to recapture, a lot of the increases there. So the reagents in commodities, that's another area. I would say, as the companies grown and as we've kind of diversified at that, that's not a significant of portion as it used to be US Ecology, but it is still a meaningful cost that we're continuing to watch and monitor. And there's some pressure there as well.
Tyson Bauer: Well, piggyback they targeted price increases. You only do that when you have the ability to do so. What are you seeing us as the greater leverage opportunities for you as far as certain business segments or waste streams that you can take advantage of?
Jeff Feeler: Well, like I said what we did already was in the mid-west, we've looked at some select waste streams and particularly known it has solidification, where there seemed to be opportunities. And we're just that much more than 3% to 5%. In West Coast, we're able to look at our customer base and do some things across the board in the West, that maybe we're not able to do in the Gulf. Right now, we're seeing the Gulf recovered, which was not at all in the first quarter, we're struggling a bit in the beginning. And then, we had to freeze. So we maybe looking to see if there's opportunities there in the future. But it's a case by case review. And we're just trying to see how things evolve as the roads get doing back to normal here.
Tyson Bauer: Do you anticipate, even thought they don't call it the green act that we may see some materials or other things that have not previously been considered as it is fall into that category going forward?
Simon Bell: Tyson, this is Simon. There was long term, yes. I think there will be some certainly you think fast, but I'll say it's a, that's a generally fairly slow process in terms of changing the regulations. But certainly, I would expect this administration to be more aggressive on that front. But I certainly can't point to specific things in the near term.
Tyson Bauer: Last question. On the event pipeline, are we still looking at a lot more of the smaller jobs maybe the 5 million - 10 million or less as opposed to some of the larger discrete projects that are multi-year and have that?
Jeff Feeler: We still have a combination of both. We have some multi-year projects that are continuing this year, that we have a multi-year project that we had done work in prior years that was off a bit last year is kicking back in in the next three weeks. And then, we have another new long-term project that will be kicking off in the third quarter. So I would -- I don't think anything is really different in terms of that, it's a mix of all the above.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Peter Rabover with Artko Capital. Please go ahead.
Peter Rabover: Just a couple of questions. One small one, how much was the Texas freeze or the storms, was that a beneficial or a negative impact for you guys in the quarter?
JeffFeeler: Peter, we didn't quantify it, but it would have been negative in the quarter.
Peter Rabover: Just thinking through next year. And then, maybe like a longer-term question. I mean, what are you guys thinking in terms of capital structure? I know you suspended dividend last year and were cash conservation mode. And I think you're back to be in fairly free cash flow positive and growing. And so, just thinking, what's your ideal capital structure, what are your plans for capital allocation any, you have some warrants out there or so? Just anything you guys can comment on that will be appreciated.
Eric Gerratt: So our capital deployment plan is really focused on organic capital investment, paying down debt, doing small tuck-in acquisitions if they come available and then we'll be looking at returning any capital to shareholders likely in 2022.
Jeff Feeler: All right, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Feeler for any closing remarks.
Jeff Feeler: Well, I just want to thank you for your interest today and looking forward to updating you in future conferences here in the second quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter 2020 Investor Conference call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please not, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Stacey Mathews, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Stacey Mathews: Hello. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 22, 2021. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call are all available on Republic website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Stacey. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are extremely proud of our strong finish to 2020. We further proved our ability to overcome adversity and execute in a challenging environment. 2020 tested the company's foundation and the team repeatedly stepped up to the task at hand and demonstrated the strength and resiliency of our business. Through their hard work, dedication, and commitment, we delivered record setting operational and financial results. We outperformed expectations for the year and even exceeded the high-end of the original guidance we provided last February. During 2020, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $3.56, which represents an 8% increase over the prior year, generated $1.24 billion of adjusted free cash flow, even after repaying all deferred payroll taxes, expanded EBITDA margin 130 basis points to 29.4%, improved free cash flow conversion to over 41%, increased customer retention rates to an all-time high at just above 93%, and achieved record setting safety performance. Profitable growth remains our number one strategic imperative, and we continue to believe that investing in acquisitions with attractive returns is the best use of free cash flow to increase long-term shareholder value. We prioritize acquisition opportunities to further strengthen our leading market positions and expand into new markets with attractive growth profiles. In 2020, we invested more than $600 million in acquisitions. Our acquisition pipeline remains full and we expect 2021 will be an equally robust year of activity. We anticipate the year will start strong with Santek expected to close by the end of the first quarter. As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we returned $620 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Turning to 2021. We expect another year of record-setting performance. Specifically, we expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.65 to $3.73 and generate adjusted free cash flow in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.375 billion. We believe our strong results exiting the year provides the momentum to further grow in 2021 and clearly demonstrate our ability to create lasting shareholder value. Jon and Brian will provide additional insights later in this call. Before turning the call over, I want to thank each and every one of our 35,000 team members for their hard work and extra efforts during these unprecedented times. I also want to recognize our frontline employees for their continued heroic service as essential workers throughout the pandemic. Early in 2020, we launched our Committed to Serve program to recognize the contributions of our frontline team while also supporting our small business customers and the communities we serve. Toward the end of the year, as the vaccine roll-off began to signal hope, company leadership decided to, again, thank frontline team members with a $500 award, which they each received last month. This brings our direct financial support provided to our frontline employees to $45 million since the start of the pandemic. Nothing is more vital to the success of this company than our people, and that has never been proved more true than during this past year. With that, let me turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Ark: Thanks, Don. Throughout the fourth quarter, we continued to see improvement in the business and reported positive combined growth from average yield and volume for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic. During the quarter, total core price was 4.6%. This includes open market pricing of 5.4% and restricted pricing of 3.3%. For the full year, core price was 4.8%, which represents the highest level of pricing in the last 10 years. Average yield for the fourth quarter was 2.5%. Average yield measures the change in average price per unit, which considers the impact of customer churn. Looking forward, we expect average yield to remain strong at approximately 2.5% in 2021. During the fourth quarter volume decreased 1.8%. This compares favorably to the 3.4% volume decrease we experienced in the third quarter with all lines of business showing an improvement from Q3 levels. Fourth quarter small container volume decreased by 3.5%, which is a 130-basis-point improvement from the third quarter. Fourth quarter large container volume decreased 3.4%. Volume performance was relatively consistent between the permanent and temporary portions of this business. Total landfill volume decreased 2.4% versus the prior year. This included an increase of 1.7% in MSW and a 1% increase in C&D, which is offset by 9.8% decrease in special waste. Our pipeline for special waste volume remains strong. Looking forward, we expect the gradual improvement in the economy that we saw during the second half of last year to continue, leading to the volume growth of 1.5% to 2% in 2021. Next turning to our environmental solutions business. Fourth quarter environmental solutions revenue decreased $22 million from the prior year. This resulted in a 90-basis-point headwind to total revenue growth. This was primarily due to a decrease in drilling activity and delays in in-plant project work. Looking ahead, we believe our environmental solutions business can experience above average growth rates. We are particularly focused on the downstream business where customers are looking for integrated solutions, and we can leverage our broad capabilities and sustainability platform. Turning to recycling. Recycled commodity prices increased 67% to $110 per ton in the fourth quarter. This compared to $66 per ton in the prior year. The benefit from higher recycled commodity prices was partially offset by a 3% decrease in inbound recycling volume. Next, turning to margin. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter was 29.9% and increased 150 basis points versus the prior year. We successfully managed our costs for changes in underlying demand and more than offset the decline in revenue due to the pandemic. This was enabled in part by the implementation of our RISE dispatch platform, which was a critical tool to adjust our costs for rapid changes in volume. We are accelerating the use of technology to drive productivity improvements and efficiencies as well as improve the customer and employee experience. I'm especially proud of our safety results. During the quarter, we achieved record setting safety performance by reducing safety incidents 21% versus the prior year. This drove a 14% decrease in risk management costs. For the year, EBITDA margin expanded 130 basis points to 29.4%. We believe we have found a new level of performance and plan to further expand our margin from here. We expect EBITDA margin of approximately 29.5% in 2021. Finally, in 2020, we published our first year of progress to our latest long-term sustainability goals. These goals address our most critical sustainability risks and opportunities and are aligned with the UN sustainable development goals. We believe these goals have the potential to significantly benefit the environment and society, while enhancing the foundation and profitability of our business over the long-term. As part of our commitment to reduce carbon emissions, we have taken a leadership position in the industry to embrace electrification. We believe this emerging technology will be the preferred choice to power recycling and solid waste trucks and equipment in the future. In addition to our ongoing electric vehicle pilots, we recently made a minority investment and entered into a strategic alliance with Romeo Power to further explore electric solutions for our fleet. We remain committed to make further progress against all our sustainability goals in 2021 and beyond. Our sustainability performance continues to be well-regarded, as Republic Services was named to the Dow Jones sustainability World and North America indices for the fifth consecutive year. Additionally, we were named the Barron's 100 most sustainable companies list for the third time.  I will now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1. This represents an increase of $0.12 or 14% from the prior year. Adjusted EPS for the year was $3.56. This performance was $0.16 above the high-end of our guidance range. Approximately $0.07 from this resulted from operational outperformance and $0.09 was due to favorable tax items. Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter was 29.9% and increased 150 basis points versus the prior year. This included underlying margin expansion of 130 basis points and a 20 basis point benefit from net fuel and recycled commodity prices. SG&A expense for the fourth quarter was 10% of revenue, an improvement of 110 basis points from the prior year. This level of spending reflects our effective management of discretionary costs, while continuing to make investments to drive growth and generate efficiencies in future periods. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was 29.4%, an increase of 130 basis points versus the prior year. The outsize margin expansion is a direct result of pricing and excess of our cost inflation and dynamically flexing costs to optimize our cost structure. We are leveraging new ways of working in utilizing new tools and technology to be more efficient and agile. We also continue to make progress on converting our municipal contract structures to drive increased profitability and ensure an appropriate return on the assets we deploy. Adjusted free cash flow for the year was $1.24 billion and increased $62 million or 5.3% compared to the prior year. Adjusted free cash flow exceeded our expectations due to better-than-expected EBITDA growth and favorable contribution from working capital. Working capital included a one and a half day improvement in DSO and a two and a half day improvement in DPO. The benefit we realized from positive working capital added approximately $100 million compared to our expectations, which enabled us to repay all previously deferred payroll taxes. Full year 2020 free cash flow conversion was 41.3%, a 70 basis point improvement compared to the prior year. We expect free cash flow conversion to further improve in 2021 and are planning to achieve mid 40% level performance within the next couple of years. As Jon mentioned, we expect combined average yield and volume growth of 4% to 4.5% in 2021. We expect average yield to remain relatively consistent with our 2020 results even with lower CPI based pricing. From a timing perspective, we expect average yield to be relatively lower than the full year average in the first quarter. We also expect volumes to improve sequentially, but remain negative during the first quarter. Both expected outcomes are due to the tough prior year comparison. During the quarter, total debt was $8.9 billion and total liquidity was $2.8 billion. In 2020, we refinanced debt to capitalize on the low interest rate environment and extend maturities. These activities reduced annual interest by approximately $60 million. About half of this benefit was realized during 2020. Our leverage ratio was 3.1 times. We have plenty of capacity to fund outsized acquisition growth while maintaining leverage within an optimal range. With respect to taxes, our adjusted effective tax rate was slightly negative during the fourth quarter and approximately 16% for the year. When you further consider non-cash charges from solar investments, we had an equivalent tax impact of 20% during the fourth quarter and 23% for the year. We expect an equivalent tax impact of 26% in 2021, made up of an effective tax rate of approximately 22% and approximately $90 million of non-cash charges from solar investments. If you normalize for the expected increase in taxes, our 2021 EPS guidance represents high single digit to low double-digit growth. With that operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you. I guess, the first question and you touched on it at various points in the prepared remarks, but maybe if you could just go a little deeper into sort of underlying trends that you're seeing, service increases, how much of sort of COVID impacted revenue is yet to come back, any way you want to frame that, and maybe how does that position you for 2021 and beyond? One of your competitors said that, waste is a reopening play. The market, obviously, isn't giving credit for that, but just -- sort of just give us a flavor of underlying trends and how you're positioned long-term.
Donald Slager: Sure. Hamzah, thanks for the question. Yeah. We're feeling really good about the trends we're seeing. You mentioned service decreases -- increases. We continue to see more increases than decreases. We're seeing the business come back. We're seeing people get back to work. We continue to find, as we have throughout the last year, new ways to work more efficiently. We're going to continue to employ that into 2021, but we're planning for continued steady growth through the year. That's what we're seeing. I mentioned the pipeline being strong, so we're feeling really good about the business. And as we've talked -- as we exited last year, some of the efficiency gains that we've seen in 2020, we expect to hold on to. But looking at pricing, pricing has held up. The market is still very rational. The underlying fundamentals are solid. Our market position is better than ever. Our foundation is strong. Our team is more capable than it's ever been. And the market's coming back and we're going to be right there to get our fair share of it, as we go through time, but that service increase number is steadily rising, and pricing is holding up as alongside of it. And then I think, there's a little bit talk of inflation out there on the horizon. Inflation, as you know, is actually good for our business, a little inflation will help CPI pickup. So, we've got a lot of year-on-year improvements that we're seeing in the business. Jon mentioned RISE in his commentary. We are still seeing the benefits of that unfold here at 2021 and beyond. So -- but I think on the revenue front, on the customer front, I think all things are green for us right now. And it's just a matter of pace, right? And we'll just be reporting on that pace of recovery through the year. But if you look at the guide, right, we're looking at double-digit EPS and cash flow growth. We've got a pretty strong year in front of us, we think.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Donald Slager: Hi, Tyler. 
Jon Ark: Good afternoon.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Brian. So, in the implied guidance, how much of a rollover benefit from M&A you have baked in there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. From a top line perspective, Tyler, we've got about 150 basis points of top line rollover in the guide.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And to be clear, that incorporates what you spent late in 2020, and what you expect to spend in early 2021, just so to be clear?
Brian DelGhiaccio: But that's just whats actually closed through the end of 2020.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. And then Brian, I know you guys did such a good job on managing margins in 2020. I think you're maybe only guiding to say a 10 basis point improvement. My hunch is, there's quite a bit moving in there. So, can you kind of talk about some of the puts and takes there, maybe recycling to the benefit, core expansion, and then maybe what are some of the takes like maybe healthcare or M&A dilution? Just any help there.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Yeah. Look, I'll give you the puts and takes there in a second, but just kind of to further Don's comment, one of the things I think you have to appreciate is when you take a look at our 2020 performance, we're coming off of triple digit margin expansion, which I think really differentiates us from our peers, and we're talking about furthering its margin expansion from here, and we don't think we're done after we get through 2021. But if you take a look at the puts and takes what's underlying that 29.5%, we're looking at underlying expansion of call it somewhere in the 50 basis point range. The things that are offsetting that, we've kind of aggregated net fuel and commodity prices together to your point, commodity is a slight tailwind. Actually, the headwind is more on fuel, and that's just really more of a timing thing than anything else. The combination of those two is about a 20-basis-point headwind to margin. And then on the acquisition front, we've got about 20 basis points of dilution in year one. That's predominantly just from the integration and the transaction in the deal costs that we experienced in the first year. So, while it's diluted in year one, we expect those acquisitions to actually be accretive to our average margin performance year two and beyond.
Tyler Brown: Yeah. No, core expansion, that's kind of the message though.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Core expansion of 50 basis points. And again, that's the -- really the important story here is that's on the heels of really strong margin expansion in 2020.
Donald Slager: And then underlying -- or the headline story is -- 30% is right there in our sites, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Yeah. Yeah. I'm aware of that. Hey, Jon really quick. Do you have any specific thoughts about 2021 MSW landfill yield trends? Do you expect that to maybe step up? And I am curious how much of that line is indexed to CPI? Is it quite a bit?
Jon Ark: Yeah. look, we have -- we're probably six or seven quarters into a substantial step up in landfill average yield, right. Over 3.2% for the quarter and we expect it to be strong again in 2021. And to your point, a chunk of that volume is certainly tied to contracted business and tied to some inflation-based index. So, as CPI goes up, we get inflation, that should put upward pressure on it. But I also just think people have realized landfills are expensive to operate. And so, we need to price for the investments we make into those assets, and that's put upward pressure on MSW price or landfill pricing more broadly again across the last couple of years, and I don't see that trend abating at all.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Yes. Appreciate the time. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hey, good afternoon. Hope everyone's doing well. Thanks for taking the questions. Just want to talk about on contract now that we're basically a year from when this pandemic started, has any of the terms or contract structures changed as a result as you kind of approach new renewals, maybe particularly on the resi side?
Donald Slager: Yeah. We've gotten over a hundred customers to amend the terms primarily on municipal residential contracts, because weights have increased. Now in April and the immediacy of the shock when everyone was sheltering in place, weights were up about 10%. That's modulating to be down to 5%. But then that's still -- in those contracts with those are time and weight-based contracts. And so as we get heavy, we need a price for that. As that number dissipates and there's some modulators people get back to work, those -- more of those pricing renewals will come in the normal cycle of price -- a contract changes versus out of cycle contract changes. But that is not a high margin part of the business for us and all the players in the industry. So, we absolutely have to get paid for the work we do there.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Kyle, I think if you actually take a look at the overall average yield performance, you've seen in that residential business, 3% plus pricing the last two quarters, and that's where you're going to see as we renegotiate and change the structure of those contracts, that's where you're going to see it.
Kyle White: Got it. That makes sense. And then on electrification of vehicles, you touched on it a bit in your prepared remarks. Maybe you can just talk a little bit more about your strategy and how it's different from some of your competitors. And then also, I know you had the partnership in the quarter that ended, and I'm curious if there's any kind of ramifications from that? And then just maybe the rationale of the partnership with Romeo.
Donald Slager: Sure. Yeah. Listen, we think electrification is exciting technology for a couple of reasons. One, it's truly the only zero-based emission technology out there. CNG is incrementally better than diesel, but only incrementally a better than that. So, it's the right technology long-term. And our application tends to be a perfect one for electrification, because range anxiety is a big issue in trucking for electrification. And we don't have that as our trucks come home to the same location every night and you can get into overnight charging. So, we're really excited about the technology. And we're going to get there. We've always said there's going to be multiple paths to get there, and there's going to be some uncertainty. The destination is clear. The path to get there has some uncertainty. So, we've got a number of different relationships going on, pilots with multiple manufacturers. We talked about the Romeo investment. And in terms of the specific, partnership that we exited, right, disappointing for us, but that didn't cost us anything. That contract was very intentionally designed. It was performance based and the extent they couldn't execute against the performance. It costs us nothing on that front. So, disappointing again, because we're cheering for everybody to get there because we think it's good for the planet. But we are confident that we've got the right set of partners and we're going to be excited -- update you on our progress as we move forward.
Kyle White: Got it. I'll turn it over. Good luck in there.
Donald Slager: Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: Yeah. Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everyone. So, on the M&A guide $600 million, you mentioned that it could be tuck-in. It could be new growth areas. First, can you give us a sense of what the rollover is there? I don't know if you touched on that, if you could repeat it? And really are you finding that the pipeline is -- as we come and exit through, is it getting -- is it changing day-to-day in terms of the availability of sellers, or are you going after any particular targeted areas or marketplaces that are starting to open up a little bit more? Just curious how things are changing kind of day-to-day with regards to the availability of sellers.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So, let me just start with some of the numbers that you asked on the rollover. So, the rollover, right, by definition is that, which is closed in 2020, again, that's about 150 basis points.  Okay. So, again, the actual revenue contribution from the $600 million will be -- which of the deals that we intend to close in 2021, that'll be based on the timing of when they close. So, again, we're guiding on the top line organic growth, which is that combination of yield and volume, how much revenue we get in 2021, again, on the $600 million, we'll be more timing based than anything else.
Donald Slager: Yeah. The pipeline remains strong and it remains balanced. Balanced across kind of core markets we're in the recycling and solid waste space. And obviously that's the bread and butter of our acquisition strategy. And those tuck-ins are highly creative. We're also looking at new geographies and have gotten into different -- spend the geographies in the last two to three years, which again provides new growth opportunities. And then also new parts of the business. So, we mentioned environmental solutions, and those are actually core customers of ours. We've done -- work for them for a long period of time. It's really expanding our product line into those customers, because they've asked us to do it. They want a provider who can provide digital solutions, who's got a great track record on safety and sustainability. And we're finding it attractive to expand our product set through acquisitions there as well.
Walter Spracklin: Okay. And then my follow-up just on capital allocation, obviously again, very resilient business, that came through clear. You're mentioning three times leverage and that looks good. I mean, there's been a whole range of kind of a little bit more aggressive to a little bit -- or a little less aggressive. What's your thought on how you weather this pandemic and what you can do to perhaps press the accelerate a little bit, especially with your pipeline you just mentioned, it is full and balanced. Could we see a little bit of higher leverage now that it seems that you can tolerate a little bit higher leverage to take advantage of that M&A opportunity?
Donald Slager: Well, I would say one, we are weathering the pandemic and feel hopeful that we'll be on the other side of this thing before too long. So, as relates to leverage, we've always stated what our optimal leverage is. And we've been for the last couple of years and kind of keeping right in that three times, the good news is when you're buying good cash flow, good EBITDA, good reoccurring revenue, you can continue to grow, and even increase the overall debt level, but keep your leverage pretty, pretty stable. That's how we built this business, frankly, right? So, we are -- we have in the past for the right deal increased leverage a little bit with the commitment to get it right back in line over a short period of time, call it, 12 to 24 months. We've shown we can do that. If the right deal came along, we certainly would look at that. We're not going to overlap with the company by any means, but we've got a lot of dry powder. We've got a lot of capability. We're proven as it relates to getting deals done, getting deals through DOJ, accordingly getting assets sold as necessary and getting things integrated. We've got a proven model for that and proven capability within our team. So, yeah, I think as the world continues to change, as maybe some competitors get fatigued with what's ahead of them or change a regulation, sometimes drives smaller competitors to selling. A lot of it still is people coming to a point in life where they -- pardon the term, but they kind of age out, right? They've been in business for a long time and they start to think about selling their businesses, their retirement. So, we're right there to pick them up. Again, first or second position in a market is what we're looking to achieve. As Jon mentioned, we've gone into some new markets where we've taken a lesser position, but with the appetite to move into that number one or number two spot before too long, and that's still our approach. So, the pipeline is strong, the ability to get deals done, and integrate deals are strong and the balance sheet is strong. So we can't be in a better place.
Walter Spracklin: Yeah. Shows like excellent strategy. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Chiang with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Thanks for taking my question and good evening everybody. Maybe if I could just follow-up on the electric vehicle strategy. A question -- maybe just on the Romeo investment, can you remind me if any of the technology that you developed there, would that be proprietary to them, or is that something you could share with other OEMs as you look to eventually convert your fleet over time? And then secondly, you made a comment in your prepared remarks about electric being kind of the only -- maybe the only zero-carbon propulsion system. Just wondering how you think about hydrogen fuel cells? It seems like that's making a little bit of a push in Europe in terms of terms of waste to vehicle. Are you testing anything from that perspective, or was electric kind of the horse you're riding on now?
Donald Slager: Yeah. Let me start with the second part and I'll work back to the first part of. The -- so yes, lots of work in Europe and everywhere else. Listen, innovation is going to have lots of people looking at lots of different things over time. If you look at where the balance of the global OEMs are, the investment on electrification in our space is dwarfing. The investment on hydrogen, most of our hydrogen investment has really been in the long haul space. And look, if we remain open-minded, right, as the technologies emerge and evolve, but I think it's -- we're pretty competent. Electrification is going to be the right technology for our application. And then we're working through the alliance with Romeo. We're -- they're not going to become an exclusive supplier to us by any means that wasn't the nature of the relationship and deal. However, we are working on proprietary things together and including a pilot where we retrofit one of our vehicles, because that's what the electrification to get it to scale. It's going to take a commitment and willingness to innovate, right? Trial and error, learning, testing, right? We'll adjust and over time, right, we'll kind of overcome those hurdles, and we will get to scale with the technology.
Kevin Chiang: That sound strategy and makes a ton of sense. And maybe just a housekeeping question, your comment on -- you commented that environmental should see -- I know a small part of your revenue stream, but it would see above average growth. Is there a way to think about maybe what that can look like? I don't know we going a quarterly revenue basis. I think it's been around kind of mid 20s a quarter the last couple of quarters here. Should we think of something like mid 30s or any goalpost might be helpful?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. The comment was a little bit more, I would say, on the top line as it relates. And again, back to the commentary was really that focused on the downstream portion of that business. So, again, as Jon mentioned, that's an area where we really feel like we can leverage our core capabilities. It's what we do already. So it's really just expanding that addressable market to those customers that are really looking for an integrated solution and really from a provider of someone like us. So, that's where we just feel like a combination of both organic growth opportunities, as well as through acquisition that we can see above average growth rates relative to what we may see on the solid waste side expressed as a percentage.
Kevin Chiang: Thank you. I appreciate the color. Have a great evening, everybody.
Donald Slager: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. In your prepared remarks, you talked about the accelerated use of technology. I'm excluded -- I'm assuming that goes beyond what you talked about on the EV side. I know you've talked about the digital platform before. Can you talk a little bit about how you think technology might be changing your business over the next few years?
Donald Slager: Yeah. Sure. So we started with our dispatch function. And so -- from the operation side, and that's where -- that's the team that really builds routes and directs the trucks out every morning and adjust those trucks sometimes in the middle of the day, so that we can service our customers. And we got them into a very visual based mapping structure that allows us to build routes more efficiently and frankly more effectively for customers to improve our delivery time and speed.  We're now in the process of rolling out technology into all of our vehicles. And so, now we'll have two way communication between dispatch and the vehicle. And we think that as a number of benefits. One, it allows us to provide a better employee experience. It certainly allows us to take more costs out of the system, because we're more efficient. And then it'll also allow us to connect to all of the customer facing investments we've made over time that allow us to provide service notification, verification and reporting, and a number of the benefits that customers want, which we think will help further differentiate our offering in the marketplace.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And my follow-up -- I'm sorry to go back to the M&A contribution. I know you said it's 150 basis points for the deals that have closed. But I'm assuming that excludes Santek. One, can you confirm that? Two, can you just remind us how Santek is and what you paid for the business -- So we'll be paying? Thanks.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So, you're correct. Right, the 150 basis points that only includes acquisitions, which have closed. So that specifically exclude Santek. And we're not giving any sort of details on what we pay for Santek or for that matter any other deals.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Goldstein with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jeff Goldstein: Hey, good evening guys. Looking at your average yield guidance next year of 2.5%. How should we think about potential upside to that figure? Does it mostly revolve around increasing inflation? Is it around more success in your resi and renegotiations? Is it more commercial coming back online? Just what would be the most likely source of upside and looking at that estimate?
Donald Slager: Well, it's all the above, right? There's a lot of mix issues that go into yield. Certainly, it is. CPI has an impact on our business as CPI moves up. And we have all sorts of the automatic escalator working through our resi space, that will happen. We've talked about now for a couple of years, as we've been changing the indices for the escalators and our resi base business to something that's more representative of the solid waste space. We've had a lot of success there. Jon's been talking about that now quarter-after-quarter, and we continue to have success. There even though CPI continued to get better. We still moved continually toward an escalator that made more sense. Recycling, we're going to -- we've got work to do still in recycling, right? It's all those things. I don't think it's any one thing that you can point to. Although, CPI by itself, if it gets north of two, two and a half will be a nice pickup for us.
Jon Ark: Yeah. There's -- two things I point to our construction, right, which certainly looks strong and it's probably gaining strength. So that could provide some upside in the large container side of the business. And we feel really optimistic about our special waste pipeline. We've always talked about an election year. Some of those jobs tend to stall out, just given the uncertainty and our pipeline remains strong through 2020, but we did see some of those jobs push out and those jobs are now hitting. So as special waste gets more busy, that should put some upward pressure on pricing on the landfill side.
Donald Slager: Look, on top of that, you think about kind of best ever service levels, right, that speaks well for extending customer loyalty. And that means better pricing and all the rest of it. So, there's just a lot of factors.
Jon Ark: Yeah. I was going to say, the one thing to remind you of, of how CPI works through our business, is it lags, right? So the CPI print from 2020 is impacting our pricing in 2021. And even with that lower CPI based pricing, we're talking about margin expansion, strong EPS, strong cash flow growth, as well as improvements of free cash flow conversion. As we start to see inflation, right, that's only going to benefit 2022 and beyond. So, as you start to see those inflation prints, and if you see anything kind of north of two, right, because this year was only 120 basis points, anything north of two is only going to be a solid tailwind going forward.
Jeff Goldstein: That was all. Super helpful color. Thank you. Then just, you said last quarter that overtime was down 10% year-over-year, and maybe I missed it. But where does that stand right now? And do you think moving into 2021 overtime can still tick -- is it going to tick up again, given that comp or do you think you've learned how to be more efficient there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. We're still at about the 10% range. I'd expect overtime that we'd settle into the 5% to 10% kind of a pre-pandemic, post-pandemic change or a reduction in overtime. And we'll capture some of that benefit because we've just learned how to be more efficient, right? We've taken some routes off of Saturdays and Sundays, right, and put them into our kind of daily routine Monday through Friday. And that's certainly a more efficient way to service the customer. But also keep in mind we're always looking at the income statement and the balance sheet. We're going to make the optimal trade off on the asset. And so, you could have zero time -- zero overtime by running a truck 40 hours a week. But that wouldn't be a very good capital trade-off right? So, we think in the low fifties is really the optimal spot from an hours per week where that truck should be running and that balances out customer service and safety and employee experience and all those things. So, again, we'll sustain some of those savings and overtime savings, and I think that'll settle out between a 5% to 10% reduction overtime.
Jeff Goldstein: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon. In terms of pricing, all else equal and longer term, do you have a preference for a CPI based price index versus a fixed 3% increase? And I guess, more broadly if inflation does pick up generally, could you just outline what you see as the major pros and cons to your business?
Jon Ark: Yeah. I think on the pricing, I think, the first thing we want to do is we want to make sure that we secure a price increase that more than covers our costs increase. And even in a low inflationary environment, we have a strong belief that our people need to raise every year, but their expenses are going up. And so we want something that covers that cost increase and then hopefully increase a little more that allows us to expand margins over time. Our broad view is that we don't want to get too concentrated on any single indices, whether that be fixed or water through trashed or anything else. So we like a balanced approach. As long as it's something better than CPI or a fraction of CPI, which historically the industry has accepted, which we're no longer tolerating, right? We're making sure we're getting paid for the work we do over time. And then in terms of inflation, why Don mentioned that's good for us is because we've always given our people a fair wage increase, right? And so our cost increases with inflation don't really change a whole lot where we get more on the top line of the business, right, put upward pressure on our fixed -- our CPI or water, sewer trash related indices. And I think even in the open market just puts more upward pressure on pricing, on what customers are willing to pay.
Donald Slager: Look, water, sewer trash has consistently outpaced CPI. And again, we talk about a waste related indices, it's fair. That's really the -- that's really the point, right, is in 3% to 4% fixed, it is fair. We can negotiate with customers in fairness and we can make the commitment we need to continue to update our fleet. The modernization that Jon talked about, pay our people market rates provide good benefits and do all the great things we do to keep our people showing up every day, just like they did throughout this pandemic, right? The way service providers in America didn't get near enough respect or appreciation from people at large. They showed up every day with very little complaining, and were true heroes. And to Jon's point, we are going to continue to reward that over time. And a fair rate works. And the underlying issue is really the market is rational. And it's allowing us to continue to move that needle little by little by little. And we've got a big portion of our book now corrected.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you for that. And you noted that you expect to retain efficiencies that you gained in 2020 going forward, and specifically you outlined overtime as one of those areas. What are the other cost items where you see the greatest retention of benefits that you captured during the pandemic?
Donald Slager: Yeah. Certainly on T&E, I would say we're not the only company on that front. But there's things -- historically, most companies and we were in this bucket, they had two modes of meeting either it was a conference call or it was in-person which involved a lot of time and hotel costs and airfare costs and everything else, and the emergence of Zoom and Teams and the other technologies have allowed people to work in new ways. And there's certainly benefits from being together. And so, we expect over time, that some of those costs will come back from the business, but certainly not all those costs. So we're challenging the way we work. And the other thing, over time will be real estate. There are some roles that we think will be better permanently done from home. We did an unbelievable job of transitioning our team from an in-office environment, primarily to an at-home environment. And some of those roles, we think long-term are best suited to be at-home and we'll have some real estate savings associated with that.
Jon Ark: Things like that will affect turnover continually positively right? So we've seen good benefits from that. So it's a number -- again, a number of things, but a lot of sustainability there.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And as Jon mentioned earlier, the benefits from routing that impacts more than just labor, that also impacts maintenance and fuel. And if you look at our results, right, you can see the improvements that we're seeing in that cost as a percentage of revenue across all of those P&L line item.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, gang. Thanks for the questions. If I'm playing clean up, Brian, can I ask you a couple of housekeeping? So we all hear the same message. Like what's the share count in the earnings guidance, what's your run rate interest expense per quarter. So we get those right in our model.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Michael, what like you said, we're not going into that level of detail on the guide. Again, I think just, keeping it to the EPS and the free cash flow and some of the organic growth is where we're keeping that, as compared to going through some of the individual components. That said, I mentioned on the -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are assuming that 26% equivalent tax rate, that's that combination of both the effective tax rate as well as the non-cash charges from solar investments. But again, we're kind of keeping it a little bit more to a higher level guide.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. But are you assuming share buybacks in that number? Or should we -- I mean, it does matter because it could be a 2% or 3% movement.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. We've got a modest amount of share purchases. Again, as we've talked about previously the first use of that free cash flow is going to be for acquisitions. We talked about that robust pipeline of acquisition activity. So, again, that's going to be the first use, is going to be to fund that. So, it's not going to be necessarily, I would say, as significant as what you've seen in years prior to 2020, but still a modest amount of share repurchases assumed in 2021.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. On the margin, just for clarity, your original guidance was midpoint was 28.5. Do you beat that by 90 basis points? Which I presume what's happened is there's nothing like a crisis to get you all focused on a cost structure that was coming out of the model regardless, but it's now come all out in 2020, you're going to carry and hold it, keep it and build from it. Is the right way to read all this?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Correct.
Jon Ark: Yeah. I'd say the one exception of, Michael, look, there is a little bit of tailwind benefit here on the safety side and on the productivity side with lower traffic patterns. And as people return to the office, right, when -- to what pace that happens, we'll see, right? There may be some headwind, but I think that's the minor part of the story, right? I think the majority of those safety productivity benefits, right, we plan on capturing, because success begets success, right? We figured out a new way of working in those teams. And those -- our teams are committed to capturing those benefits.
Donald Slager: You think about -- to your point, Michael, we were -- when we moved originally from answering the phone at 300 locations to three, we said, Hey, someday, we're going to think about work from home solution, but that wasn't in our mind to do in 2020 until it had to be, right? We were -- that was sort of in our mind a couple of years out, right? There'll be other things we're working on. And then all of a sudden it had to happen. And as we reported, we moved to working from home in those three locations with like 72 hours. And that was a great learning. It was a great find. It was a great pickup. Now we'll benefit from that going forward, right? We'll figure out what that all means. As Jon said, as things sort of modulating, and we find this new-- this next new plateau, if you will, and then we'll grow from there and from there, right? But yeah, we did better than we originally thought. And the story continues to improve from here. As I mentioned, there's still a lot of upside in this business. Jon talked about RISE, talk about all these other things that we're doing that are still in early innings that are continued to pay benefits into the future.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And Mike, I mentioned it earlier. I think it was Tyler's question, right? So, back to on the heels -- and I think you were just asking this question -- on the heels of that triple digit margin expansion in 2020, right, we expect further margin expansion. Within the guide there, there's 50 basis points of margin expansion with -- from the underlying business in 2021. And then there's a couple of pieces that are somewhat offsetting that, but very strong performance, especially given what we did this year
Jon Ark: Think about RISE, I mean, we started to roll that out and then COVID hit, and then we pumped the brakes and then we kind of went full up, right? And we continue to implement that. I mean, the team that did that, did an outstanding job, we thought sort of spring last year that we'd have to, I'd say pull the plug on it, but just really put it aside while we were dealing with the uncertainty of COVID. Instead, we move forward. We actually increased the speed and actually got it. That phase of it all implemented and pretty impressive.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. Last one for me. You did $128 million in 2020 in the environmental solutions business. Is that -- you've confused me with your answers, that number going to be up or down in 2021?
Brian DelGhiaccio: It's going to somewhat flattish is what we are expecting on the environmental solutions.
Donald Slager: Yeah.
Michael Hoffman: Which is pretty significant since you're running $25 million a quarter for three quarters. So you've got to overcome a really tough 1Q to be flat. So that's the importance of that statement.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Cool. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks so much for taking the questions. First of all, congratulations to your entire team from the frontline folks on up for the performance in a really tough year again. I guess, I have a little bit of a long-term or even the medium term growth strategy question here, which is, I think we understand that there's always a component of churn that is structural and driven by bankruptcies. I think, if you said back in April that you'd be exiting the year at a 93% retention rate, we would have been surprised. It's interesting now commercial bankruptcies are actually down year-over-year in the U.S. and still just listening to what you've said about your own cost structure. I mean, if more companies act like Republic and continue to not spend on hospitality, travel and some of the other expense in the past, where business formation and where growth happens in the economy is still going to change from what we might have expected previously. So how do you calibrate for that? How do you position the business to capture where the growth is going to be?
Donald Slager: Overall, think about where we are, right? And think about the balance we have. We always talk about the power of the portfolio, right? That is number one. And number two, across the markets we're in. We have a good concentration in what I've called Sunbelt markets, but markets and people move to whether it's the Northwest, down the West Coast, across the South and up into the Carolinas, we're well-positioned in places like Texas and Florida, right? A lot of people moving there these days. So, we're still got strong positions in Metro markets, right? This thing's going to settle down. People are going to become more rational in their behavior again. And well-positioned to pick up all the growth in the markets we're in. So, that -- the way that growth comes will change. Downturns and these kind of shocks to the economy that we've lived through we know for our entire lives here and there, are different. This one's different than the last one. So there's still strong demand for housing, right? And we've always talked about how single family home, housing starts and household formation clearly tracks with our growth. So that paints a pretty strong picture. Household formation lends to business formation. There's a lot, I think, pent-up demand and the consumer, consumers are pretty good shape, right? When you think about wage growth and think about what's happened in savings accounts across the nation, I think there's a lot of people just chomping at the bit to get out. And so, while we may have pulled in a little bit on teeny, the average consumer is going through, I think, they're going to get out there and rush to some new opportunity, right?
Noah Kaye: Yeah.
Donald Slager: And so we're not too concerned and -- about that. I think the free market always finds a way and we're right smack dab in the middle of the free market, right?
Noah Kaye: Yeah. I mean, the household balance sheets are in great shape as you point out relative to past crises. And you mentioned the housing sector activity plus potential RISE and CPI, plus a full year of reopening. And then that will point to kind of a multiyear growth acceleration for the waste industry. So, I think, your comments around the portfolio and how you can leverage off of that are well taken.
Donald Slager: Look, the other thing too is like, when we went through the Great Recession, right, that thing was -- pardon the term, but that's by a thousand cuts. I mean, it just kept going and getting deeper and longer and sustained. And is this thing ever going to get over? There's probably some people that have some of that feeling about COVID, but we went from -- Hey, surprise. COVID is here to the bottom falling out across the market, defining that bottom, in a pretty short order and then battling back. It wasn't this ongoing three, four year slump of this. We're coming out of it, right? And there are still people who are dealing with tragedy, there are people dealing with hardship, and we're not minimizing any of that. But all -- all-in-all over the top of it, the economy is coming out of it and we're coming out of it with it. And we're seeing those things reflect in our business. And so, that's our viewpoint for 2021 and beyond.
Noah Kaye: Great. Well, thanks again for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. Nice work. Really, really good work.
Donald Slager: Hi, Sean.
Sean Eastman: It's getting long. So, I'll just ask one. I'm just curious, if you look at your private competitors or maybe if you looked at your acquisition pipeline -- the companies in your acquisition pipeline. I mean, it sounds like the pricing discipline goes all the way down to the small independents, which is great. Im just curious, if you look at this ability RSGs had to dynamically flex costs and really having on an offense on some of these technology initiatives in 2020. Has it been similar with those private companies? I mean, have you observed a similar approach from them through this last year or not? I'd be curious to get your sense on that.
Donald Slager: I think its a mix, to be honest. I think some people panic frankly and did mass layoffs really quickly. Other people kind of plow their way through. I think the broader theme is theyre not making some of the investments were making into sustainability, for example, or into the digital platform that were making. These are multiyear investments. And these are eight figure investments over time that become really, really expensive that we need broad scale to get value out of investments over time. So, we see them. Again, I think, pricing has held up well. I think, in general, people have tried to do the right thing in terms of taking care of their people on balance. But weve been able to kind of do both where they -- weve seen that more just focus on getting the garbage or the recycling off the ground rather than thinking longer term about where to take their business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And look at our CapEx, right? I mean, we didnt take a CapEx holiday in 2020, right? We didnt hit that free cash flow number by not spending on the company. We continue our investments in fleet and systems and some of the innovations that Jon talked about. Of course, we invested heavily in our frontline, in our people. Were committed to serve. And we saw some of that from some of our smaller providers. As Jon said, its a mixed bag, I mean, overall, I think it depends how healthy and strong you are going into it. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we were coming into this from a position of strength and stability and alignment across our team and a really strong culture going in and that led the way for us. And again, back to the power of the portfolio, were well-positioned, good balance sheet, all those things in our favor. So, position of strength matters, and from there, now we'll get back to 2021 and we'll do it again.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks. Thanks. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephanie Yee with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Yee: Hi. Good evening. I'll just ask one question. Do you envision Republic getting to 30% EBITDA margins? And can you talk about what drivers will get you there as you have to offset some of the headwinds when business activity picks up? Is there a timeframe that you have in mind for reaching that target?
Donald Slager: Well, we're right on the cusp of 30% EBITDA margins and 29.5% our guide. We think, yes, we will certainly be at 30%. What are some of the drivers? As we continue to improve our recycling business, we are well into that. We can give you more detail, but we are running out of time on the call today. But weve made good progress there, good progress on -- as Jon mentioned the approach were taking on the alternative indices in the resi space, good progress there. The RISE platform while we've guided rolled out. Its only sort of the early phases of that, that is going to be something that well build on once we get connected digitally the customers and all the parts of our business, we will just continue to add enhancements that drive margin, that drive quality -- customer experience that drive customer loyalty, will drive price, right? The safety story is a good story. Fleet is a good story. And then M&A, right? As we build, were going to do a nice balance of new platform acquisitions, new markets, but also our bread and butter is still tuck-ins in markets were already in. Come in at a higher margin, they are quicker to integrate. So there is just a handful of things that are in our favor. And we'll continue to invest properly in the business. We told you we had 30% in our sites as we are right there, and 30% margin will be here before you know it. Hows that?
Stephanie Yee: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Thanks. I appreciate you squeezing me in. And just on the 1.5% to 2% volume and the fact that Q1 is going to be slightly negative. Can you just help us understand how thats going to play out through the year? I mean, do we need a pickup in some commercial and some business units in the second half to get us to that 1.5% to 2%?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So, Mike, let me take this one. So, again, as we mentioned in the first quarter, we're expecting the performance to be better than what we saw in the fourth quarter of this year, but still negative, right? As we look at the kind of the distribution of volume, we would expect our best volume performance to be in the second quarter and thats just because of the comp, right? So thats when we saw the biggest decline in 2020. So, youve got the easiest prior year comparison. And then it gets a little bit tougher as you move into the second half, but our expectation is that, it still remains positive. So, again, we are projecting that the economy continues to gradually improve and that is baked into our guide on the top line. But as you kind of said meaningful type volume recovery to get there, I'd say, no. Most of that has already occurred based on what weve seen in 2020, with some modest improvement going forward in unit recovery.
Michael Feniger: Thanks. Thanks, Brian. And just, I know this has been asked before, the $600 million spend, which does not include Santek, its translating to 150 bps of the top line. I mean, you guys just did over $10 billion of sales. I'm just trying to translate the $600 million, the 150 bps top line. And I know you are not going to give us acquisition multiples, I get that. Maybe Im just a little slow here just like getting that $600 million spend, the 150 bps, is that like just very conservative? Are they are like on divestitures? I'm just trying to triangulate some of that.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Yeah. So, let me clarify. Okay?
Michael Feniger: Yeah.
Brian DelGhiaccio: The 150 basis points is the rollover impact of acquisitions that closed during 2020. That includes acquisitions that closed in February of 2020. And thats nothing to do with Santek. Santek did not close by December 31. It is not in that 150 basis points. Based on the timing of when it closed in 2020, you get a rollover benefit, just because you didnt report a full year in 2020, thats the 150 basis points. If you were to just annualize the revenue of what we acquired in 2020, its over $200 million.
Michael Feniger: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. Yeah. Thank you.
Brian DelGhiaccio: As we look forward, though, into 2021, our $600 million investment that were anticipating, that does include Santek as well as other deals. We are not talking about right now about the revenue contribution that we are anticipating from those deals, because some of its just based on when it closes in 2021, how much it will contribute in here.
Michael Feniger: That was helpful. Thank you, Brian. I appreciate that. Thanks. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Levine with Bloomberg. Please go ahead.
Scott Levine: Hey guys.
DonaldSlager: Hi, Scott.
Scott Levine: I have one question for you, actually on recycling. So, we've seen commodity prices come back very nicely. China has essentially pulled back from the market. Even though we are at a lower price point on most recycled commodities than we were in say 2017. Does the new environment gives you -- being more stable give you more confident in investing in recycling? Or what are your expectations now that kind of the whole China import ban scenario has kind of played itself out in commodity prices are on meant there?
Donald Slager: Yeah. There are two things. One, is certainly even strengthens our result to go into City Hall and get a pricing mechanism that we think works for both parties. Historically, the industry is price recycling on the backend, which has caused a lot of volatility in the business, that is otherwise quite stable. And we think the fairest pricing model that we get paid a fair return to pick it up, a fair return to process it. And then we share in the commodity value in the backend. And as commodity prices get higher, its easier to talk to customers, particularly in municipalities about getting that model, right? And then long-term, we are bullish on recycling. We see a world that has population growth and material scarcity and a big desire from a lot of different aspects around reuse and recycle. And we think we are going to be a big part of that and a big player in that. We just have to make sure that to be environmentally sustainable, it is economically sustainable and we get a fair return for the work that we do.
Scott Levine: Fair enough. Thanks. I will leave it there. Nice work guys.
Jon Ark: Thank you.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald Slager: Great. Thank you, operator. When we look back on 2020, it's clear to see just how instrumental the foundation weve built over the past decade has been and enabling us to thrive in the midst of so many challenges. The pandemic's impact on Republic was just like that of the rest of the world, disrupting the lives of our customers, our communities and, of course, our people. But we were able to react from a position of strength, taking care of all of our stakeholders. Our strong foundation did more than just set us apart, it actually allowed us to prevail. We believe our 2020 performance clearly demonstrated the resiliency of our business, and position just well to deliver continued growth in 2021. This momentum is bolstered by an improving economy, as we move into an era of recovery and growth. As always, we managed this business to create long-term value for all our stakeholders while providing essential sustainable services for our customers. I thank the team for their tenacity and their enthusiasm, as we head into this New Year. Thanks for joining us. Hope you all have a good evening and stay safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2020 Investor Conference call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Stacey Mathews, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Stacey Mathews: Hello. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. 
 I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.
 The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 5, 2020.
 Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited.
 I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. 
 I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. 
 With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don. 
Donald Slager: Thanks, Stacey. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are extremely pleased with our third quarter results, which clearly demonstrate the strength and resiliency of our business. The Republic team is working hard every day, delivering quality service to our customers and communities. Our deep expertise and dedication, together with the strength of our market position and assets, made these results possible. 
 During the quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1, which is an 11% increase over the prior year, and expanded adjusted EBITDA margin 230 basis points to 30.3%. These strong operating results, together with effective cash management, helped us deliver $1.1 billion of adjusted free cash flow through Q3, which represents a 14% increase over the prior year. 
 We believe investing our free cash flow in quality acquisitions is the best way to increase long-term shareholder value. We continue to prioritize acquisition opportunities to further strengthen our leading market positions and expand into new markets with attractive growth profiles. Year-to-date, we have invested $154 million in acquisitions. 
 We recently received regulatory approval on a leading recycling and solid waste provider in the Twin Cities area. Combined with the previously discussed pending acquisition of Santek, we now expect to invest $850 million to $900 million in acquisitions in 2020. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust, and we expect 2021 will be another strong year of activity. 
 Year-to-date, we've returned nearly $500 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our Board recently approved a $2 billion, 3-year share repurchase authorization, which will begin in January 2021. This is consistent with prior practice. 
 As we look forward, we remain optimistic about our business and continued prospects for profitable growth. Pricing continues to exceed cost inflation, volumes continue to recover and margins are expanding. Accordingly, we are raising our full year 2020 adjusted free cash flow guidance to a range of $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion.
 Additionally, with better visibility through the end of the year, we are reinstating adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.37 to $3.40 for the full year 2020. With respect to 2021, Jon will provide some color in just a few minutes. 
 Before I turn the call over, I'd like to congratulate the Republic team for being certified as a Great Place to Work for the fourth consecutive year. We believe an engaged and diverse workforce is the greatest indicator of our success and the most important element in driving lasting results. This is yet another recognition of the inclusive culture we are building at Republic, one where the best people come to work. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jon. 
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Don. During the third quarter, we successfully executed our pricing program, improved volume performance on a sequential basis, effectively managed costs and continued to make investments to drive future growth. 
 Total core price was 4.5%. This included open market pricing of 5.4% and restricted pricing of 3.2%. Core price represents price increases to our same-store customers, net of rollbacks. Average yield was 2.6%. Average yield measures the change in average price per unit and takes into account the impact of customer churn. As expected, volumes were down compared to the prior year, but our performance improved sequentially. 
 In the third quarter, volume decreased 3.4%. This compares favorably to the 7.4% volume decrease we experienced in the second quarter with all lines of business showing improvements from Q2 levels. By September, volumes were down only 2.7% versus the prior year.
 Third quarter small-container volume decreased by 4.8% and was relatively consistent throughout the quarter. We continue to see most of the volume decline concentrated to customers in the education, hospitality and restaurant businesses. However, we continue to see positive signs in our customer base, including small-container customers.
 Approximately 80% of customers that paused service have now returned, and approximately 45% of customers that decreased service levels at the onset of the pandemic have subsequently resumed. Said another way, only 1% of our small-container customer base is not receiving some level of service. Additionally, container weights were only 5% lighter during the third quarter compared to 13% lighter in the second quarter. This suggests continued improvement in economic activity.
 Third quarter large-container volume decreased 5.4%. The volume decline was relatively consistent between the permanent and temporary portions of this business. By September, large-container volume was down 3.7% versus the prior year.
 Total landfill volume decreased 3.1% versus the prior year. This included an increase of 3.3% in MSW volume, which is offset by a decrease of 2.5% in C&D volume and a decrease of 11.7% in special waste volume. The decrease in special waste volume was due to jobs being deferred, not canceled, and the pipeline remains strong. 
 Our customers continue to value our quality service and commitment to supporting them throughout the pandemic. Our Net Promoter Score increased 8 points from the prior year, and we maintained our low customer churn of 7%. We continue to invest in capabilities to deliver our customer-centric digital experience, which we believe will further differentiate us from our competitors. 
 For example, during the quarter, we began piloting automated proactive communications to our customers. This allows customers to set up customized preferences to receive tailored communications through the channel of their choice. Further advancements in customer-facing technology were made possible by the strong foundation we built as part of our digital transformation, including our RISE platform. 
 We continue to partner with our municipal customers to address the impact of COVID on our business. Third quarter residential weights remained up 10% versus the prior year, which was consistent with Q2. We also made further progress on renegotiating contracts with favorable pricing terms. We now have $855 million of annual revenue or 34% of our CPI-based contracts tied to a waste-related index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. 
 From an operational perspective, we effectively managed cost to meet the change in underlying demand for service. Thanks to the team's unwavering efforts, we reduced cost to more than offset the decline in revenue. This resulted in a $41 million increase in adjusted EBITDA and margin expansion of 230 basis points. This was enabled in part by our RISE platform, which allows us to dynamically adjust our routes. We are now 97% complete with the implementation of the RISE platform across the organization. We also maintained our record-setting safety performance by reducing safety incidents by approximately 20% versus the prior year. This drove a 10% decrease in risk management costs. 
 Next, turning to our environmental services business. Third quarter environmental services revenue decreased $34 million from the prior year. This resulted in a 130 basis point headwind to total revenue growth. This was primarily due to a decrease in drilling activity and delays of implant project work. Since mid-August, we have seen rig counts begin to increase, but expect revenue to remain compressed through the end of the year. 
 Finally, turning to recycling. Recycled commodity prices increased 38% to $99 per ton in the third quarter. This compared to $72 per ton in the prior year. The benefit from higher recycled commodity prices was partially offset by a 7% decrease in inbound recycling volume. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Thanks, Jon. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 230 basis points to 30.3% in the third quarter. The components of margin expansion included 70 basis points of improvement from favorable net fuel and higher recycled commodity prices and 160 basis points of improvement from the underlying business. Margin expansion in the underlying business was broad-based, and nearly all operating expenses improved compared to the prior year. 
 Additionally, SG&A as a percent of revenue was 10%, an improvement of 40 basis points over the prior year. Our performance reflects cost controls put in place and reductions in nonessential spending while continuing to make investments for the future to ensure the long-term health of our business. 
 Although we're not providing specific EBITDA margin guidance, I'd like to remind you that there's a 50 basis point headwind in the fourth quarter due to the timing of CNG tax credits. Even with this headwind, we expect EBITDA margin to be at or above fourth quarter 2019 performance. This would result in full year margin expansion and exceed our original full year EBITDA margin guidance that we provided back in February. 
 Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $1.1 billion, an increase of 14% over the prior year. Free cash flow growth was driven by an increase in earnings and improvements in working capital.
 The contribution from working capital includes a 1.5-day improvement in DSO, a 2-day improvement in DPO and $68 million of deferred payroll taxes under the CARES Act. It's important to note that even without the benefit of the payroll tax deferral, adjusted free cash flow would be up nearly 7% compared to the prior year.
 Cash collections remain strong. We believe our DSO performance reflects our customers' willingness to pay for the high-quality service we provide and the essential nature of our business. As Don mentioned, we are raising our adjusted free cash flow guidance to a range of $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion for the year. It's important to note that this level of performance assumes over $1.2 billion of capital expenditures, which is an increase from our prior guidance and relatively consistent with the level of spend we contemplated in our original guidance back in February.
 While we have already achieved over 90% of this full year guide, it should be noted that certain expenditures are back-end loaded. During the fourth quarter, we expect to pay approximately 70% of our full year cash taxes, receive approximately 1/3 of our full year capital expenditures and anniversary the benefit from DSO and DPO improvements. 
 Our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance assumes we will defer approximately $100 million under the CARES Act in 2020. However, if our performance is trending at or above the high end of our guidance range, it is highly likely we would repay the deferred taxes early.
 During the quarter, total debt was $8.8 billion, and total liquidity increased to $3.4 billion. This includes our new 364-day credit facility. Our leverage ratio was approximately 3.1x. We have plenty of capacity to fund outsized acquisition growth while maintaining leverage within an optimal range. 
 Interest expense in the third quarter was $89 million and included $17 million of noncash amortization expense. During the quarter, we refinanced our 2021 bonds to capitalize on the low interest rate environment. This will reduce cash interest by approximately $22 million per year, which we'll begin to realize in the fourth quarter. 
 Our adjusted income tax provision was $75 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 19%. Together with the $8 million charge from solar investments, we had a total tax-related impact of $83 million during the quarter or 21% of adjusted earnings before taxes. The charge related to solar investments is recorded as a loss from unconsolidated investments on our income statement.
 The 21% all-in rate was less than our statutory rate of 27%, which resulted in an EPS benefit of approximately $0.08 during the quarter. We expect an all-in tax-related impact of 27% of EBT in the fourth quarter, which will be made up of the income tax provision and charges from solar investments. 
 Let me now turn the call over to Jon to provide some initial thoughts on 2021. 
Jon Vander Ark: You've heard Don, Brian and me talk about the positive momentum in the business, which we believe will carry over into 2021 to drive continued growth in revenue, earnings and free cash flow. In particular, we believe we will improve free cash flow conversion and deliver high single-digit adjusted free cash flow growth in 2021. As usual, we will provide full year 2021 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call. 
 With that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. 
Hamzah Mazari: My first question is just on free cash conversion. I think if you look pre-pandemic, Republic sort of ran at like 41%. Your largest competitor is in the high-40% range. Maybe if you could talk about -- can you get to the high 40s? Is there anything structural preventing that? And I'm not looking at 2020 just because it's a very different year. But just looking at your historic free cash flow conversion relative to your largest peer, what should we be thinking about in terms of catching that up? 
Donald Slager: Hamzah, this is Don. Yes is the short answer. Cash flow conversion is a conversation we have here all the time. Our cash flow conversion is moving north. There's nothing structural that prevents us from getting above the 40%, midpoint into the high 40s. When we provide a detailed guidance with you guys in February, we're going to be talking more about that. But yes, you can expect the cash flow conversion to move up from its historical levels. 
Jon Vander Ark: And just to add to that, I think you'll see opportunities on both sides, right, the numerator and the denominator. We see opportunities to both increase the EBITDA margin as well as manage capital expenditures to drive that number. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. And to Jon's point, Hamzah, that's the real leverage, right? So if you're expanding both, that's why we believe that we're going to be able to grow free cash flow by improving free cash flow margin at a greater rate than we're increasing earnings. 
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. That's very helpful. And just my follow-up question, I'll turn it over. Very strong margin performance, 30%-plus EBITDA. Could you maybe talk about the sustainability of that margin profile going forward? I know time and weight is a big part of your cost structure, and this is a unique time. But how should we think about sort of cost coming back into the system as you see volume improve? And how much of the margin increase we've seen is kind of structural in nature? 
Donald Slager: Yes. Good question, Hamzah. So a couple of things to keep in mind. One is seasonality. Third quarter is typically our high point in terms of margin. So you're going to see some natural regression if you get seasonality in the business. And to your point, during the pandemic, there have been a few tailwinds just in terms of productivity with lack of traffic as well as lower container waste and small-container while maintaining that revenue profile. So those certainly help us, and we expect to dissipate some as we go forward. 
 That being said, we've learned a lot of things in the pandemic and do believe we found a different level of performance in terms of productivity and safety, which is associated to our risk cost. And some of that is the pandemic, and some of that is just the return on the investment we've made over the years in digital operations and our operating discipline. And those things are all starting to accrue to the bottom line. And again, we expect to have line of sight to a 30% margin over the next few years on a sustainable basis. 
Operator: The next question will be from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. 
Patrick Brown: Hey, Brian, so lots of info in the prepared remarks, but I just want to be clear. So in the 2020 guide of free cash flow, you're assuming $120 million payroll deferral benefit this year? 
Brian Delghiaccio: $100 million, Tyler. 
Patrick Brown: $100 million? $100 million. Okay. So then, Jon, whenever we think about your comments about free cash flow for next year being, I think, up in the high single-digit range, so is that number assuming something like $150 million payroll deferral negative comp? 
Jon Vander Ark: Well... 
Patrick Brown: Is free cash flow looking better than high single digits? Or... 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. This is the way you have to think about it, Tyler, is just that you would have the normal payroll taxes that you would pay in any given year, plus you would have $50 million that you would have to repay from 2020. 
Patrick Brown: Right. But your high single digit is a comp, right, versus prior year? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Yes, correct. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. No, you're right, it's $150 million. 
Jon Vander Ark: Correct. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Starting point to end point headwind we're overcoming and still achieving the high single-digit free cash flow growth. 
Patrick Brown: Yes, yes, yes, that's my point. Okay. That's good. And then so in the table in the release, I think, Jon, you noted that resi yields were north of 3% this quarter. I think that maybe the first time, at least in a limited history, I'm looking at it. But I'm just curious, do you think that we have enough of that alternative index that separate the increased mix to kind of drive sustainability in that? 
Donald Slager: Listen, we won't have enough until we have 100% of the book. So we continue to march into City Hall and get a pricing index that we think reflects our cost structure and giving our frontline workforce a sustainable wage increase every year, which we do. And so -- and recycling is a big part of that. So recycling 2.0, we've talked a lot about getting to a right pricing mechanism in that.
 And then, listen, we've been heavy at the curb in the pandemic as people have sheltered in place. And so the waste shed has moved from small business to homes. And we've got over 100 customers already that have given us price increases to reflect that elevated cost structure, and we're relentless. We are not going to stop continuing to ask for that price increase. 
 So listen, there's some puts and takes any given quarter on when pricing hits sort of the resets of given markets. But our aspiration to get a yield that better reflects our overall business mix in residential is unrelenting, and we'll continue to work with our municipal customers on that front. 
Patrick Brown: Did resi margins go up? 
Jon Vander Ark: They did. Yes. 
Operator: Next question will be from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Walter Spracklin: So my first question here is on technology. Obviously, you've made some significant and meaningful investments on the technological front. If we were to put it into 3 buckets as being kind of revenue-generative as you provide a better service as a result of that technology, cost saving because you're becoming more efficient or safety-related, if you look at the $1 spent last year in technology, how would you bucket into those categories? And what evidence, say, for revenue-generative have you seen the success of that technological spend? 
Donald Slager: Yes. So we don't break down the specific nature of that spend. We certainly invested in all 3 categories, steady investment on safety, which has been going on for a number of years, heavier investment on the operating side and the customer side. And while there's some distinction between those 2, there's also a lot of relatedness between those 2. 
 So when we put in our RISE dispatch platform and we put tablets in our trucks, that certainly helps us become more productive and efficient. It also provides a better customer experience, right? It allows us to improve our -- improve on our 99.9% on-time delivery rate. It also allows us to communicate with a customer in a different way in terms of proactive service notifications and verification over time, which again makes our product even better and drive even higher level of loyalty. 
 So investments on all fronts in online buying and billing and taking calls out of the call center. So we're investing on all fronts and certainly have not pulled back on any of those investments in the pandemic, right? We've invested as much as efforts. So this isn't just about performance, it's certainly about running the business for the long term. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. And I think you saw, Walter, in my remarks, I talked about spending a similar level of CapEx this year as we originally guided. Even though we've got lower volumes, a lot of that is because we're investing more in this digital transformation. And we think that based on the benefits we've seen so far, that there's much more to come, and that's why we're trying to accelerate that spend. 
Walter Spracklin: Okay. That's great color. And my second follow-up question here is on the M&A environment. Can you speak a little bit about your pipeline, I guess, specifically whether there had been a degree of pull forward of M&A activity in advance of the election and whether you think a lull might be created here post election as a result of that pull forward? 
Donald Slager: Yes. There was certainly some accelerated activity in wanting deals to close in a certain time period. I think there's far much less people who wanted to sell because they thought there was going to be a certain political risk and then, therefore, don't want to sell because they see the election coming out in a different way than they expected. 
 But people typically sell for structural events, right? They have a change in their life circumstances. There's a generational transition where the next generation doesn't want to run the business. There's some life-changing events, something happens that triggers people to sell. And again, the political risk and what they think would be implications around taxes might accelerate timing a month or 2, but that isn't really driving activity in our experience. 
Walter Spracklin: So the pipeline, as you see it, really hasn't changed from October to December? 
Donald Slager: The pipeline has not changed, and it remains strong. 
Operator: The next question will be from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. 
Kyle White: I just want to focus on volumes. They're a bit better than I expected and better than your peers, even your sequential improvement was better. You're also one of the few calling for kind of gradual improvement here for the remainder of this year, whereas others seem to be more flattish. Is there anything notable that is driving this relative to the others? And just any high-level thoughts on the economy from your vantage point and views on different subsectors here going into 4Q? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Listen, we see steady improvement. Listen, there's puts and takes in different spots. So if you dial in to any specific geography, right, you might see some flat lining or if people have temporary shelter-in-place orders even in a slight pullback, but I think it's the power of the portfolio overall, both geographically and across business lines. And again, we have a really strong special waste pipeline for the fourth quarter. I feel very good about that. And we're just -- we're seeing steady improvements across the business. I think we remain cautious in the sense that there's certainly still some uncertainty about we're in a pandemic, right, and how the pandemic moves is uncertain. And so we remain mindful and watchful of that. But based on the trends we're seeing, we see pretty good progress momentum. And that's the external standpoint. 
 The one thing I think we've done well is we've been very engaged with our customers, right? We have a sales team that is highly connected to meet their needs, which is if they need to dial back service, we're dialing back service. But when they're ready to increase service, right, we're connecting with them frequently to make sure that they're ready to come back online. We moved our call centers from all in-buildings to 98% work from home in about a 72-hour period without any drop of service. And our performance metrics are as good or better than ever in that environment. So that's also enabled us to serve the customer. 
Donald Slager: Yes. So let me add to that. The top line is better than what people may have expected. But again, the operation has been really strong, right? So we've talked for a long time about the strength of the company, the strength of the team. And we've talked about our resilience of the business model, but that's still all true. But what we're seeing now, to Jon's point, is agility, right? Jon mentioned how quickly we adapted to new ways of working, adoption, how quickly we're changing to new -- using and adopting tools like the RISE platform and then momentum, right? So we're -- all the investments, all the efforts of the last several years, call it, decade kind of compounding, coming together kind of this breakout moment with a crazy backdrop of COVID. But all that together builds this momentum through the year and carries us really well into 2021. 
Kyle White: Got you. And just a follow-up. I think you mentioned that you continue to see the biggest volume declines in education, hospitality, and I missed the third category. But is there any way to quantify your exposure to these kind of subsectors? And how have they performed in October relative to September? 
Jon Vander Ark: Well, let me take education, for example, right? I mean, normally, we have a pretty big seasonal upswing here in September as all those schools come back online. And we've just seen what you've seen, which is people are moving all over the place. Some schools are fully in person, some are fully remote, and then others have hybrid options that have every kind of variation in between. So we've been flexible with our customers to adjust our service level to better meet their needs. 
Donald Slager: It's clearly temporary, right? It's going to, at some point, get back to in-class learning, right? And then that business just comes back when it comes back. And it builds right into our route base, so it usually comes in at a pretty decent margin to boot. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. And one of the things we had mentioned last quarter what the impact was from education. And if you take a look in the third quarter, it was about 20% of our small-container decline was due to education alone. 
Operator: The next question will be from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Sean Eastman: I just wanted to ask Hamzah's question just in a bit of a different way. I mean just considering all these moving parts, considerably better margins than expected this year, is sort of a normal 30 basis points-ish kind of margin expansion outcome achievable in 2021? 
Brian Delghiaccio: You're talking about for the full year, 30%? 
Sean Eastman: I'm just talking about, can RSG expand margins sort of at a normalized, say, 30 basis point level year-over-year in 2021 in light of some of these nonrecurring cost savings in 2020? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. Look, I think you do have to take into consideration, Jon mentioned it, right, there are certainly some things that are happening in the macro environment, right, things that are helping productivity, some of the lighter container weights. So there are some puts and takes. But we do feel that 30% margin, an improvement towards 30% margin is something that's in the near term, right? And it's going to be something that we're going to continue to move toward. '21 might have a little bit of noise in it just because you have some of those macro benefits modulating. But after that, certainly, 30-plus basis points a year is something that's certainly achievable. 
Donald Slager: We're on the cost. 
Sean Eastman: Got you. All right. Great. And is there any reason to think price won't trend up next year? I mean it was called out, the resi yield number was really a standout in the quarter. Does that give us some juice into next year? I mean what are the puts and takes there? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Our pricing philosophy certainly hasn't changed over the pandemic, which is to get a fair price for the great work that we do. I think you'll see continued strong pricing in the open markets. On pricing on the landfill side, I think that's a slight headwind on CPI, which we have a 10 -- 12- to 18-month lag in terms of when that CPI changes and when that actually hits our contracts on how those escalators work. So that will provide sort of a headwind, but there's no fundamental change in our pricing philosophy. And we'll expect to have strong kind of mid-2s yield at a minimum. 
Donald Slager: Yes. Take a look at the progress that was made in converting the book on the resi municipal business that Jon talked about. The 100 contracts or so that have already engaged with us and approved price increases because of the elevated volumes, that's a great new trend. And we're going to continue just like when others -- things like this occur, we'll push through that. And landfill pricing has held up very well, right? And we still think that there's room in landfill pricing and that a lot of the pricing still needs to emanate from the landfills based on the cost structure there and the difficulty of permitting and expanding landfills. I mean those -- that pricing will continue to stay strong. And overall, through all this sort of chaos, the market was very rational, right? And that's the backdrop. 
Sean Eastman: Yes. Excellent. Super helpful summary there. And again, nice work. 
Donald Slager: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question will be from Jeff Goldstein with Morgan Stanley. 
Jeffrey Goldstein: Can you just compare how you're thinking about the volume recoveries between both small-container and large-container at this point? I know large-container had a larger initial drop, and now they're booked down about a similar rate in this quarter. So just going forward, would you expect a large-container recovery to pick up faster, especially given some tailwinds we're seeing, especially around housing? Or would you expect those to move relatively in lockstep going forward? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, there's certainly -- I mean when we look at single-family housing starts and some of the strength that we've seen in some of those prints, right, we've had in our investor presentations how that positively impacts our volumes generally about 12 months later. So we tend to lag. But the one thing when you take a look at small and large container, remember, a good portion of our large-container business is permanent in nature, right? So it's -- you're kind of talking more about the temporary portion of that, which tends to be the construction-related and then some of the other event jobs. That's where you might see some acceleration out more on the event side. But the permanent large-container and the permanent small-container tend to move at about the same rate. 
Donald Slager: Yes. It really just depends what happens with schools. It depends what happens with the restaurants. And a lot of restaurants have gotten very innovative in the North in terms of outdoor dining, and that will be more of a challenge as we move into the late fall/winter season here. So there'll be a few puts and takes that could impact us the next quarter or 2 in small-container in terms of that trend, maybe a little bit less than the large-container firm. But I don't think there'll be any fundamental differences for that. 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. And the sequential gap continues to close, I guess. 
Jeffrey Goldstein: Okay. That was all very helpful. And then on the recent pledge to purchase 2,500 electric trucks, and I know you're a few years away from actual integration of those vehicles, but can you just talk about how you view those trucks relative to diesel and CNG in operations today? And maybe any rule of thumb we can think of in terms of financial benefit, if any, you'd be expecting? Or is it mostly just an environmental benefit from your point of view? Just any thoughts there would be helpful. 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No, we're very bullish on electrification long term. We think that's the winning technology in the space because that's the only truly 0 emissions option out there. But we've said all along, it's going to be a challenge, and it'll take time, right? We're going to have to work making commitments in the space because we need to innovate and help innovate. We've got relationships across the value chain, right, that we're showing a leadership position in that over time.
 We also have fundamental belief that if something is going to be environmentally sustainable over time, it's got to be economically sustainable. So we don't expect to do this by reducing returns. We expect over time to amp returns. Now there might be some puts and takes between higher upfront CapEx and then lower operating costs through reduced fuel cost or reduce maintenance costs over time. But again, we're very proactive in that space. 
Donald Slager: Now look, we're the seventh largest vocational fleet in the nation. And to Jon's point, we are the right kind of company to be innovating and to be pushing innovation onto the market. And again, when you get there, those benefits accrue in large ways because we've got 16,000 trucks on the street every day. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. 
Michael Hoffman: I do have 2 specific my questions, but there's 2 I'd like to make sure I get -- everybody heard the answer correctly, if you would bear with me. My 2 specifics are 160 basis points in solid waste improvement. If you thought about traffic and that type of productivity, what's that give back out of the 160 when we're all driving full time and you guys have increased labor for that? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Michael, it's hard to -- we're looking at that, right? It's hard to tease that out exactly because again, we have a mix of 2 things going on. One, we've got lower traffic patterns because of people sheltering in place, and we also have the rollout of all of our digital tools driving higher productivity.
 Listen, we hope to -- we're not going to sustain all of it, but we hope to sustain a lot of it on the productivity side. And one of the things we've seen is not a big difference between rural and urban market productivity, right? So we're seeing benefits in both. And I would have expected to see, if it was purely pandemic-related, a lot bigger lift for us in urban markets, right? And we're seeing benefits across the board. So again, we -- back to our path -- our plan to expand margins, a big portion of that is capturing some of that productivity benefit going forward. 
Donald Slager: Yes. So look, there's definitely some impact, to your point, Michael, with traffic. But look, the initial rollout of the RISE platform is the foundational element surprise. The stuff the team is working on now, the next things that they'll layer in now once the platform is rolled out and established is additive, right? So there's going to be layer after layer of additional feature benefit and capability on that digital platform that's going to drive new margin expansion and better operations, better customer-facing stuff, more information in our pricing tools and just better, safer operations. 
 Jon, do you want to talk about a couple of those things? 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We've just -- the tablets in our trucks, right, and giving our people the visibility both in the branch as well as the driver out communicating together, right, not talking, seeing where those trucks are. And so a large-container route, for example, will have 7 movements in a day. It's about getting 8 movements in a day in the same time period while improving safety, while providing better customer service. So that's a very tangible example. We're seeing those tools accrue to the bottom line. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Hey, Michael, one thing I just wanted to kind of clarify that, too, is that when we talk about the 160 basis points, call it, at the underlying business, that's not just solid waste, that also includes the impact from environmental services. So the only thing that doesn't include of the 230 basis points of total margin expansion is the impact of both net fuel and higher commodity prices had on margin expansion. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right, that's helpful . And then the clarification question, somebody asked something about margin and margin expansion, and I was scribbling really fast. You were expecting margins to expand next year, and maybe 30 is a great goal, but you're not giving a goal, but you expect margins to expand. Is that -- the way I was writing it down, it sounded like you were going to be flat. 
Brian Delghiaccio: No. We expect margins to expand. We're not giving a guide on that topic, but we are expecting margins to expand. 
Michael Hoffman: Right. And the other... 
Donald Slager: It is -- Michael, that's the point of momentum, right, when you heard me use that word, twice Jon used it, Brian, look, underlying strength in our business, sort of developmental strength in our people, resiliency in the mid-business model, again, rational backdrop and then, again, proven agility through this downturn, right, you prove it. You can't question it, right? You could see how quickly the company turned and reacted and adapted, adopted, proven agility and momentum, right? And that is the key takeaway here. I mean there is really strong momentum in the business, in the team and in all the work that's been done over recent years coming together to carry us into 2021. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then my second one is on free cash flow, and it's got both a clarification and a question in it. Maybe your conversion rate has been less than peers, but your fundamental year-over-year growth rate has been better than your major peer for a decade, one; and two, you do have headwinds. Your leverage ratio has been consistently higher and you pay out more in closure and post closure in absolute dollars. So the question is, do you expect to be able to raise this number by high single digit and still have all of that in front of you? 
Donald Slager: Yes. Look, we're not going to change the structural issue with legacy landfills, right, overall, right? I mean they're going to have that cost, maybe somebody else doesn't have. And our formula of returning cash to shareholders, the way we do is a very time-tested formula, right? We're going to continue to invest in capital even through this tough time.
 I mean, look, when we went through the Great Recession, we didn't stop investing in the business. We had strong enough cash flow to carry us. We continue to invest in fleet, all the other things. Through this year, we didn't shut it down. We actually, in some cases, accelerated some of the spending in some of the digital tools. And yes, I mean we're very strongly focused on cash flow conversion. And as I said earlier, we're going to get ahead of that 45% and going to carry us into northern 40% territory. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Right. And that's why I was saying, Michael, as I made those comments about both the combination of EBITDA margin expansion and being able to reduce expenditures, that combination is why we feel that there's going to be an accelerating event here on free cash flow conversion to drive that free cash flow growth. 
Donald Slager: Look at the things that Jon and Tim and the team have built momentum on. I mean look at -- we talked already about the -- changing the pricing mechanism on municipal, right, to a fair and equitable arrangement. That's underway. Recycling, making a lot of headway there. And it's not just the recycling markets that are helping us, right, they will, but we're, again, we're retooling that business, right, making it truly sustainable, right? That's happening. Now some pricing on the resi side for the elevated weights, right, all of those things.
 And then all the underlying operational benefits. I mean safety is a great story. Employee turnover is a great story. Engagement is a great story. All of those things adding up, and those are all going to come to fruition, I think, regardless of COVID. And then COVID sort of kicked this into another gear. We found new agility that we didn't have and made some other operational changes because we, frankly, had to. And those are going to carry in the future periods. 
Operator: The next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. 
David Manthey: Last quarter, you mentioned that about 15% of your labor cost was overtime, and it was down 25%. Can you tell us by how much overtime was down year-to-year in the third quarter and October, if you care to share that data? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. They were -- in the third quarter, it was down about 10% overtime hours year-over-year. 
David Manthey: Okay. And second, I realize you're not giving fourth quarter guidance. But due to the ongoing recovery here and your current mix of business, is it possible you might see lower-than-normal seasonality in the fourth quarter revenues based on those realities? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Well, if you think about seasonality, typically, what you see is an uptick in the second and primarily the third. So from a seasonal perspective, then you start to see it kind of come down in the fourth quarter. So your toughest bogey is generally the third quarter hit from a year-over-year perspective when you talk about seasonal volumes. So there typically isn't something that increases significantly in the fourth quarter from a volume perspective when you look at Q3 to Q4. 
Donald Slager: Yes. Except you might have some other just recovery because certain sectors open up, that book maybe shut down, right? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. 
Donald Slager: It might be economic, maybe construction in some places. 
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Some of it is purely seasonal, which is in the North, there's construction activity that just doesn't happen because of the weather. Now there could be some special waste jobs that are teed up for us that we would have in the second or third quarter that have just gotten delayed. And now that people have more clarity going forward, that they'll hit, and we, again, we feel really good about that pipeline. So there should be some modest opportunities there. 
Donald Slager: Look, normally, seasonally, Q3 is our strongest quarter, 2 is our second strongest then 4 and then 1. 
Brian Delghiaccio: And 1, right. So we don't see certainly any headwinds as we look in the fourth quarter from a seasonal perspective year-over-year versus what we just went through in the third quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Feniger with Bank of America. 
Michael Feniger: Don, for many years, we were hearing about you guys intentionally shedding business. Every call, there would be a lot of questions on why your volumes were underperforming some peers. I guess my question is, one, are you guys kind of through that intentional shedding? And two, how do you think that has positioned you guys going into this downturn and really coming out of the downturn? 
Donald Slager: Well, look, you heard Jon used this phrase, the power of the portfolio, and that's something that we speak to a lot, right? And when you spend decades and decades building the business and pulling the business together the way we did, 5 public companies, blah, blah, blah, you end up with some stuff that you got to clean up. We're kind of through all that. We've done some puts and takes in markets. We've gone to markets. We've exited markets. We used to talk about national accounts and stuff we had to shed. We're not going to be talking much about that anymore. 
 Now the fact is because we have a strong pipeline in acquisitions, right, as something like Jon talked about last quarter, we're always going to have some business that comes with an acquisition that may be likely to be shed because it doesn't sort of fit the model. But overall, we think we've done a good job. We think we've got a good filter and test in place on the way in as we're selling new business with all the sales tools that have been launched over recent years. So we think we've got the safety mechanism on the organic sales side. There'll still be some stuff that maybe gets shed through -- as a result of strong M&A. 
 But look, we are well positioned. Again, the power of the portfolio works. It's the mix of geographies. It's the mix of business, large-container or small. It's a strong approach with fixing a big piece of the business, which happens to be municipal. It's been kind of our nemesis with tough recycling contracts, bad escalators, that's starting the outcome around the corner here for us. And it just again shows the relentlessness of the team, as Jon already mentioned. 
 So all that work, right, just adds to the strength of the portfolio. That power of the portfolio is real. Seasonality, winter events, weather events balances out when you've got a strong portfolio. And no different than the portfolio that you invest in yourself, right? We have invested in building a strong portfolio and then sticking with it and then continually improving it over time. And it's just going to -- it will just get better and better as we go. 
Michael Feniger: That makes sense. And Don, just piggybacking off that, this is kind of a big-picture question. I mean you've seen a lot of consolidation in your day, big and small. Some of your peers right now are integrating some large-scale acquisitions in Q4 in the middle of COVID. You guys have elevated M&A, but you passed on some of these bigger deals. I'm curious how you and the management team think that positions the company kind of into 2021. 
Donald Slager: Well, look, we -- I would say this, we've been -- we've looked at every decent deal that's come around. I would say there's probably been times where we've had sort of the lead seat on some deals. And on an ROI basis, we just couldn't get as comfortable with it as we'd like, and we passed. And in a couple of cases, other people came in and decided to go forward with it. Some cases, people paid more than maybe we would have, right?
 There's a lot of really high-quality companies out there that we compete with vigorously every day, and we've got a pretty good look at who they are, how they operate. We know the good quality. Those are the companies we're talking to. We're not going to win every deal, right? I would say there tends to be a natural buyer, and that might be a cultural fit. It might be a geographic fit. It might just be where the purchasing company is in the life cycle or, frankly, what promises they've made to the market that they feel they have to keep. We're not in a situation where we're being paid some high-growth multiple and we've got to do things that are unnatural. 
 So we stick to what we know. We've got a great M&A team, a great team of people out there who know their markets. Our 10-area presence all have market plans that think about how they want to expand their business through whether it's landfill expansions and acquisitions or new lines of business. All that is up and running. 
 So look, I remember, when we paused M&A, when we did the big merger over a decade ago and then we put our toe back in the water, year-after-year, I've come to you and said, and we're going to do X next year. And sometimes we missed it a little bit because we've said no to some deals that proved, frankly, I'm worthy in the end. We found some things in diligence that we didn't like and we backed off. And we weren't so hot and heavy to make the number as we were to do its best for the company.
 And then there's years like this year where we're going to blow it out because opportunity arises. And these companies that we're buying today are high-quality companies and a really great fit. And that's how we're going to continue to play it. And we've taken some opportunity to expand the core a little bit. There's some great opportunity that the team has brought to us that expand our abilities in around the environmental space that we're fond of. 
 So that's going to continue. And we haven't given you, again, guidance on that, and we will talk about that in February based on what the pipeline is. And  -- but when we say we're well positioned, I think you can take that to the bank. We're well positioned. 
Michael Feniger: And just off that, what do you expect to close in 2020? Can you -- or Brian, can you give us a number on how much rollover do we get on the top line? Is there a way you can just kind of frame that for us? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. With that $850 million to $900 million investment that we guided to, again, it's going to be very heavily back-end loaded. We would expect, call it, 150 basis points plus of acquisition rollover on the top line. 
Michael Feniger: Okay. That's perfect. And just lastly, I know -- I might have missed this with October. Did you guys say was October volumes up versus September, kind of flat sequentially? I might have missed that. 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. They were somewhat flattish from September levels, but about a 100 basis point improvement from the Q3 average. 
Operator: The next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: I think you mentioned the 160 bps expansion in margin was inclusive of environmental services, which I got to imagine was a relative drag, at least versus the average. So any chance you can quantify the environmental services margin impacts in the quarter? How you think about that for the year? And then if you extrapolate the current run rate to '21, what does that mean for margin impact year-over-year? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. So within the 160 of expansion, overall, there was a 20 basis point headwind from the environmental services business. 
Noah Kaye: And I know you're not giving formal guidance, but just thinking about it for the year, you would expect to be a continued headwind? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes. In the fourth quarter, yes. Yes, probably at a similar level, if you will. 
Noah Kaye: Yes. And so if we annualize that into next year, you may be looking, just on the significant drop-off, you may be looking at a little bit of a headwind again in 2021, but not massive.
 Okay. And just to clarify, the high single-digit growth in free cash flow year-over-year, that view, that does include the contributions from the chunkier acquisitions, correct? 
Brian Delghiaccio: Correct. Yes. 
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. So one -- after specific questions, one more general one. I think as one of my peers noted, relative to some of the other companies in this space, you are looking for continued improvement here. If I just step back and look at the consumers' personal savings rate here in the third quarter, I mean it's doubled year-over-year. There is a lot of cash on a relative basis sitting with the consumer. Now some of it may be going into house down payments or what have you. But eventually, that cash has to come off the sidelines. And I guess I just want to see how you think that translates to the recovery into the eventual growth here.  You're talking about large-container maybe picking up, maybe it stays in the resi line of business, but just your thoughts there. 
Donald Slager: Look, we're not going to give you the exact formula because there's too much mix involved, right? But look, I mean our business grows based on population growth, household formation, business formation. So very simply, more people, right, job creation, wage growth, more people working, people sort of settling down after sort of the chaos. There have been a lot of chaos this year, right, COVID, social unrest, the election. I was suffering personally from a great deal of election fatigue, okay? And so I'm sure a lot of people were, right? 
 So things are going to start to settle down. America ends up conquering all in the end. How much time will it take? To your point, people have a lot of savings set aside. People are waiting to see. We have good news from the Fed today. Look, as things get back to normal, right, and we get on a path, economy recovers and people find a way to continue to sort of save and grow their businesses, as Jon mentioned, people innovate, we see it all the time, we're going to be right there with it. Our market position, it allows us to take full advantage of all that organic growth somewhat naturally. And then our ability to grow through M&A, our ability to look at even expanding some of our core offerings, a lot of good there. 
 And so we're well positioned. Strong balance sheet, strong asset base, strong market position, strong team, I can go on and on and on and brag about this group. So this quarter is a great showing of all the hard work that's been going on. And I said strength, resilience and now an expression of agility and real momentum in the business. And with a good backdrop, I think now, as things start to settle down around us, then it will be a good story to tell. And we'll be here in February to share with you the full year results and the outlook for '21 in more detail. And based on what we see today, I think everyone will be pretty happy with that. 
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks. 
Donald Slager: Thank you, Chad. In closing, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance and continue to have a positive outlook on our business. We delivered double-digit adjusted EPS and free cash flow growth, expanded EBITDA margin and achieved EBITDA margin performance above 30%. We raised our full year 2020 adjusted free cash flow guidance, and we see strong free cash flow growth in 2021. Once again, we have proved the resiliency of our business and the strength of our model. 
 I'd like to take a moment to recognize the hard work, commitment and dedication exhibited by our 36,000 team members this year. At the onset of COVID, we launched our Committed to Serve program to recognize our frontline employees who deliver an essential service to our communities across the country each and every day. And since then, their dedication has continued. Even through record-setting weather events, including fires and hurricanes and, frankly, you name it, they've never let up. And it's their consistency and willingness to take care of our customers, communities and each other that makes them truly relentless and makes me proud to work for Republic Services. 
 I hope you all have a good evening. Stay safe out there. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2020 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in todays call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Business Transformation and Communications. Nicole?
Nicole Giandinoto: Hi. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter 2020 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Brian DelGhiaccio, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risk and uncertainties and maybe materially differ from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is August 05, 2020. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Service, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation table and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in Investor Conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. We're extremely pleased with our second quarter results, which clearly demonstrate the resiliency of our business, the power of our operating model and the strength of our cash flow. We delivered strong results in the second quarter by leveraging the solid foundation we built over the last decade. During the quarter we increased adjusted earnings per share, delivered double-digit growth and adjusted free cash flow and expanded adjusted EBITDA margin 170 basis points to 29.6%. I'm proud of the results the team delivered and truly inspired by their dedication to the Republic way. Our leaders are working tirelessly to keep our people safe, adjust our operations to changing demand and ensure consistent, reliable service to our customers. Our front-line employees continue to show every day for customers and each other and our support personnel quickly adjusted to new way of working. It was the collective effort of all 36,000 employees that delivered these results. Our economic outlook is positive. Since April, total volume has increased month-over-month through July. In our small container business, we are seeing a similar volume trend. Additionally, container weights increased sequentially through July indicating steady improvement in consumption and economic activity. As always, we are running our business for the long-term and continue to make investments to enhance the customer experience, improve the efficiency of our operations and strengthen our market position. These investments will position us well for future growth. In the second quarter, we continue to effectively allocate capital by investing in value creating acquisitions and returning excess cash to shareholders. Year-to-today we've invested $124 million in acquisitions to further enhance our market position and grow free cash flow. Our deal pipeline continues to be strong and we remain on track to invest $600 million to $650 million in acquisitions this year. In July, our board approved a 5% increase in the quarterly dividend. The consistent growth in the dividend demonstrates the stability and predictability of our cash flows as well as our confidence in delivering future cash flow growth and year-to-today we've returned $99 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and have approximately $600 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We now have greater clarity on how the pandemic impacts our business and how we can continue to adjust operations and effectively manage spending. As a result, we are reinstating our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance. We expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of $1.1 billion to $1.175 billion. Our ability to achieve the low-end of our original free cash flow guidance, demonstrates the tenacity of our team, the flexibility of our operating model and the strength and stability of our free cash flow. As an essential service provider, we play a critical role in our communities. This starts by providing uninterrupted service regardless of the circumstances and being a responsible and ethical partner in the community. This quarter we were recognized for our efforts and were named to 3BL Media's 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the first time. For this list, 1,000 of the largest US public companies were evaluated and ranked based on transparency and performance across 141 environmental, social and governance factors. Lastly, we recently published our 2019 sustainability report, which highlights the progress we are making on our most significant opportunities to positively impact our customers, employees, communities, shareholders and the environment. I would encourage you to give it a look, it's a great read. Now call over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Don. In the second quarter, we remain focused on our priorities putting our people first, keeping our facilities running smoothly and taking care of our customers. By staying focused on these priorities, we successfully executed our plan and delivered strong financial and operational results. These results clearly demonstrate we're well-positioned to come out of this pandemic stronger and better than before. As expected, revenue decreased in the quarter due to customer's temporarily suspending or reducing service levels. Volume decreased 7.4% versus the prior year. The volume decline was steepest in April and sequentially improved throughout the quarter. In April, total volume decreased 10.2%. In Just, volume improved to a 5.4% decline versus the prior year. The decline in volume and pace of recovery varies by line of business and by market. Landfill special waste volume was impacted the most, decreasing 17% versus the prior year. Special waste volumes were down 22% in April and in June were down 13%. The decrease in special waste volume was primarily due to jobs being deferred, not canceled and the pipeline remained strong. In the second quarter, landfill MSW volume decreased 3.5% and landfill C&D volume was essentially flat. Second quarter small container volume decreased by 8.8%. In April, small container volume was down 10.5%. By June volume sequentially improved 300 basis points and was down 7.5% versus the prior year. Second quarter large container volume decreased 12.4%. In April, large container volume was down 17.3% and by June volume was down 7.2% versus the prior year. We expect volume to continue to recover over the remainder of the year. During the quarter we weigh contractual terms to support our customers in their time of need. We made pausing and resuming service simple and easy. We waived late fees and offered flexible payment plans to our most loyal customers in need of assistance. Our results demonstrate that customers appreciate our efforts and value our service. Our net promoter score increased nine point from the prior year and we maintained our customer churn of 7%. Additionally, we successfully executed our pricing program to cover our cost and inflation. This enabled us to continue to deliver the essential services we provide while being mindful of the challenges our customers faced. Total core price was 4.7%. This included open market pricing of 5.5% and restricted pricing of 3.4%. Core price represents price increases to our same-store customers net of rollbacks. Average yield was 2.5%. Average yields measures the changes -- the change in average price per unit and taken into account the impact of customer churn. Thanks for the team's relentless efforts, we effectively managed our cost and expanded adjusted EBITDA margin a 170 basis point versus the prior year. Due to our investments in innovative routing and workforce planning tools, we were able to quickly adjust our routes for changes in demand. This enabled us to reduce over time by 25% versus the prior year and increase productivity across our entire collection business. For example, in our large container line of business, productivity improved approximately 230 basis points. Throughout the quarter our drivers remain engaged and focused. Attendance remained at all-time high and turnover was at multiyear lows. We all decreased safety-related expenses by 19% or 13 basis point of revenue -- 30 basis points of revenue compared to the prior year. We achieved the best safety performance in the company's history, reducing safety incidences by approximately 20% versus the prior year. During the quarter, we continue to partner with our municipal customers and discuss the impact of COVID on our business. In the second quarter, residential weights were up 10.1% versus the prior year. Weights tapered down during the quarter and by June, residential weights were up 7.6% versus the prior year. We also continue to renegotiate contracts with favorable pricing terms. We now have $850 million of annual revenue or 34% of our CPI based book of business tied to a waste index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. Next, turning to environmental services, during the quarter, environmental services revenue decreased 26% from the prior year. This was primarily due to a decrease in drilling activity and a delay of in-plant project work. The decrease in environmental services revenue resulted in a 90 basis point headwind to total revenue growth. We expect this headwind to continue in the second half of the year. Turning to recycling, during the second quarter, recycled commodity prices increased 29% to $101 per ton compared to $78 per ton in the prior year. The benefit from higher cycle commodity prices was partially offset by 11% decrease in inbound recycling volume. Finally, preliminary results for July indicate total revenue increased approximately 1.5% from June. We typically see July revenue increase from June due to seasonality. Total revenue in July was down approximately 3% from the prior year. For reference purposes, total revenue in June was down 3.5% from the prior year. With that, I will now to the call over to Brian.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Jon. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $743 million an increase of approximately 20% over the prior year. Free cash flow growth was driven by an improvement in working capital, which was partially offset by a $51 million increase in capital expenditures when compared to the prior year. The increase in capital expenditures demonstrates our commitment to invest throughout the pandemic, which will protect and improve the long-term health of our business. The contribution from working capital includes a one-day improvement in DSL, a two-day improvement in DPO and a $35 million payroll tax deferral under the Cares Act. We expect a total payroll tax deferral of approximately $100 million in 2020, which will flip over the next two years. To date cash collections have remained strong. We believe our DSO performance reflects our customer's willingness to pay with a high quality service we provide and the essential nature of our business. We expect the working capital benefit from DSO and DPO to anniversary in the second half of the year since we saw improvement in these metrics in the latter part of 2019. With respect to EBITDA margin, the 170 basis points of expansion over the prior year included 110 basis points of improvement from favorable net fuel and higher recycled commodity price and 60 basis points of improvement in the underlying business. The business absorbed $31 million of COVID-related costs during the quarter. These costs related to the investment made in our commitment-to-serve initiative to recognize our front-line employees and support our small business customers, additional PPE and enhanced facility cleaning to help keep our people safe and supplemental paid time off and enhanced medical benefits for employees and their families. EBITDA margin expansion resulted from reducing operating and SG&A cost by a combined $151 million or 8%. This completely offset the $151 million or 5.8% decline in revenue. Most of the cost reductions resulted from effective cost management that positively impacted nearly all P&L line items. Our focus on cost control will enable us to gain leverage on volume growth as demand returns. Some of the cost improvement resulted from macroeconomic factors that positively impacted results. For example, transfer and disposal costs were down 80 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower container weights in our small container business. Container weights were at their lowest level in April and progressively got heavier throughout the quarter. While we are not providing specific EBITDA margin guidance, we expect second half margin to be at or slightly above the second half of last year. This would result in full year margin expansion. During the quarter, total debt decreased to $8.7 billion and total liquidity increased to $2.3 billion. Interest expense in the second quarter was $92 million and included $16 million of non-cash amortization. Our leverage ratio was approximately three times.. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 24.1% and in line with our expectations. Finally, as Don mentioned, we are reinstating full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of $1.1 billion $1.175 billion. This guidance assumes continued gradual improvement in economic activity through the remainder of the year. And with that operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: I guess I would like to start with that great color you gave in July on down 3% and then down 3.5% the month before. If you're seeing that trend and take into consideration seasonality, is there anything to suggest that you wouldn't be into positive growth territory year-over-year by the end of the year?
Don Slager: As we said right, we have a positive outlook on the trend right and we feel good about a couple of things. One, residential weight increases have stabilized right and now small container weights are resuming right. So again strength of American business, consumption rates, the consumer we think is getting stronger, people are adjusting to a new way of doing things, you see that all around you right. So we've a very positive outlook. Exactly when it will go positive, we can't put our finger on that and so the guidance we give is around cash flow which we think is strong. We chose in April, we thought we know saw a scenario we can catch by the end of range and now we're telling you we're even more confident than that and all the trends are positive and Jon gave you a lot of great trends on cost management and CapEx and people paying their bills the whole nine yards so to speak. So when it goes positive we'll have more full year in the next quarter and hopefully that will be another good news story we can share with everybody.
Walter Spracklin: Absolutely trends are certainly in the right direction here but I guess now looking out a little further, I am not asking for guidance here, but just conceptually, you did a great job of managing costs on the way down so that margin expansion in fact occurred. Is there anything to suggest that as volume comes back through the rest of the year, you look out to 2021 and assuming we have hopefully knock on wood here, we have a macro situation with a lot more normalcy to it, is it not out of the question that margin enhancement here as volumes come back, could be quite substantial given how well you were able to in fact improve margins on the way down.
Jon Vander Ark: Let me give you a couple of thoughts there. So there were certainly some macroeconomic benefits that we realized. In the second quarter we kind of talked about that. So for example some of the things we saw around container weight, we would expect those to -- those benefits I would say to moderate as we look forward, but I'd say that being said, we do expect to be more profitable as we look for, we've learned things about ourselves on how we can operate differently, one within cost of operations as well as within SG&A and we would expect those benefits to accrue to the P&L in future periods.
Don Slager: Right like Jon mentioned, safety is a bright spot, employee engagement is at all-time high. We expect that to continue. We're still doing great work to take care of our front-line people. But look the acquisition pipeline being full we're talking about tuck-ins obviously we're tucking in into current markets that's a margin enhancement in and of its own. We talk about running business for the long term and sort of the depths of COVID, we were busy adapting to new wave of doing business, but we're back at long-term planning in the business. Jon and his team are still rolling out the RISE platform across the organization, the digital tools. We're well underway there. So we're back at it and all of those things are going to be margin enhancers as we go forward. So there's a lot of good news we'll be talking about here as we get ahead this next couple of quarters off.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey Jon, so I know there's been a lot of chatter out there about rural versus large urban market. I think you guys are about a third, a third, a third rural franchise and urban. You gave some great color in aggregate on volume trends but is there any way you could kind of bifurcate urban versus maybe those small-market if even anecdotally, just basically is there a big difference going on in those different types of markets?
Jon Vander Ark: It's very geographic to your point Tyler. We've looked at a lot of productivity data and circumstance to understand, we love traffic obviously, we're more efficient in getting the recycling in the garbage off the ground and surprisingly we're seeing pretty steady trend across both rural and urban markets and you think you get a much bigger advantage in urban markets and we're seeing kind of the same advantage across all of those markets which to Brian's earlier point gives us some confidence that some of the cost that we've captured on the way down, we're going to keep that on the way back in those productivity improvements and I wouldnt -- again we havent -- we're not releasing this data, but I havent seen dramatic differences between urban, suburban and rural right in terms of the activity levels in volume.
Tyler Brown: That's extremely helpful. Hey Brian just a quick clarification on CapEx. So I think coming into this year, you guys were looking for some heightened spend I think on breakthroughs and such. I think that's stemmed all the way back from the tax bill. First off, is that's the case and did you make that spend and number two, I know 2021 is a long way away, but should we be thinking about that incremental spend peeling off in '21?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah so Tyler of the original $100 million that we were spending it's probably going to be $60 million. So $40 million of that will roll into 2021.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just my last one here if I can, so Don you were reiterated that you plan to spend $650 million. I think youve done I think you said $125 million year-to-date or so. Is the preponderance of that $0.5 billion sitting in one property, are there more kind of multiple sizable deals out there?
Don Slager: Yeah, there is one big deal out there right that we've talked about but there are some others. Again I continue to say look there are a number of really nice companies out there well run and good markets, good people getting to a place in their life cycle where talking those makes sense. We're engaged in some other good conversations. So we've a lot of confidence in the pipeline, but there is one big deal out there that will carry forward for that.
Jon Vander Ark: I think one of the bright spots for this is when we explode down pricing deals right in the decline here I understand what demand was going to happen. We never stopped conversation and our acquisition pipeline remains very robust, very active and we now are starting to write deals with sellers as we've got a lot more confident in our outlook and there's and feel really confident going forward for the rest of this year and next year in terms of that one.
Operator: Our next question will come from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey good afternoon. First of all congratulations Brian on the CFO role. My first question is you talked about second-half margins being slightly above last year and I realize you even have some costs that come back into the system as container weights get heavier etcetera, but maybe could you talk about what you see as sort of permanent cost saves during COVID-19 anything sort of structurally that you think you can take out of your business whether it be realistic footprint or maybe there's other stuff that maybe you can talk about that may be more permanent in nature?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah I'll give you three Hamzah, real estate is certainly one of them and we're reevaluating what roles should always be in the office, what roles can be permanently at home and what roles will have some flexibility to them and therefore we capture real estate savings on the ones that home or the ones that are flexible. I think travel is another one, the tools that we use to work remotely, we have spent far more connected and efficient than we expected. There will be roles, there is a role for travel going forward. So operating completely virtual is not a norm that we'll have but we'll certainly be spending less on T&E as we go forward, as we kind of think about that's both worlds. And then just in terms of labor productivity, I think our ability to flex labor and move people cross-train, move people across different lines of business has allowed us to serve customers really well as well as manage cost the same time and we'll certainly carry some of those forward as we recover from the pandemic.
Hamzah Mazari: And then just on pricing, I know a lot of the pricing is already locked in, in Q1 and I'm not asking you to comment on your competitor, but they had much lower average yield and maybe we're giving more price relief. Could you just maybe talk about how you were able to keep pricing pretty steady as well as in the face of really down volume. Maybe just talk about your pricing tools and how you see pricing build up for the balance of the year or you expect it to be pretty consistent.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So we look at a range of options. Obviously, they're given with an unprecedented event and definitely want to be empathetic to customers who were their businesses were changing dramatically. So as I talked about, we let people break contracts to suspend service. And were in constant communication with them about when they could come back at a time that was right for them. We were flexible on payment terms with some of our customers and certainly offered that too many more, that didn't take us up on it, and then spent a lot of time and energy on committed reserve. So we put money in the hands of our frontline people to serve our customers. So our philosophy was that customers while they maybe need a little cost relief, what they really needed is customers and revenue, when we got our local teams engaged and energized to power our small business customers through a very difficult time and got a lot of positive feedback from our customers on that front and listen, we are out there every day in a tough environment, picking up the recycling and the garbage and doing a hard job and our customers are noticing it, and they're paying us a fair price for the hard work that we're doing. So I think that's the primary reason we've been able to sustain it. And going forward, I think we see more of the same obviously, there's some puts and takes in terms of year-over-year and some fees that might change year-over-year, but the philosophy is not changing. And we expect a strong pricing performance in the second half.
Don Slager: Look, theyre paying us a fair price, and they're paying us on time. And I think to Jon's point, I think they value the service, and rewarding us for the hard work and the effort our frontline people are putting out so.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you. And I just have a last clarification question. That's very helpful. The $600 million to $650 million in M&A, is that a new normal going forward for you guys, it used to be a lot smaller, but you're seeing your peers do a lot more transactions. And so has the philosophy changed at all? Or this is just sort of a time where you're just seeing much more in the pipeline, and then it goes back to sort of a normalized, I think it was, maybe it was $300 million of annual deals used to do?
Don Slager: Well, I think, even Jon just said, with the pipeline, not only strong for the remainder of the year, the $600 million to $650 million range, we've given what we think is strong into next year. So do I have an outlook for the next 10 years, I don't, but I would tell you just based on where we are, in this point of history again, there's a lot of great companies out there. We know where they are, who they are, we have ongoing conversations, we think that a sort of a robust pipeline of deals and a continued appetite for good deals, good companies is going to be somewhat of a regular diet for us, at least into the future here, we can see and certainly, we have the appetite, we have the ability and the team continues to demonstrate their ability to very efficiently integrate these things. And after we get everything up to start a company standard really turn into cash flow on that, we think that generate. And as we look back at the deals we've done, we've got a high degree of confidence in what they've delivered. So we know that, we're paying the right price for deals and making the right assumptions on the way in. So it gives us all more competence to keep ongoing.
Hamzah Mazari: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good afternoon. And like everybody's congratulations on the nice quarter, solid job managing the cost there.
Don Slager: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just on the -- back on the margin outlook. There's one thing I'm trying to reconcile is 2Q is the worst for volumes down 7.5% or so and the best for year-over-year margin and volumes are getting better on a year-over-year comp basis for the rest of the year, it sounds like but the margin gains aren't getting there quite as good as it, is that really as simple as a recycling fuel kind of contribution sort of going away and maybe a little bit from a higher container weight or other some other puts and takes, some factors in there?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I would sit there and say it's what you just mentioned quite honestly. So from where fuel prices are right now, we think sequentially that steps down about 40 basis points. So starting with our 29.6 in the second quarter, there would be a sequential decline of 40 basis points. And then commodity prices would be another 20, right. So you're already down 60 basis points just with those two, and I talked about the container weight, right. And we saw those lighter by 20% in April, and actually by July, that's down to about 6%. So that benefit that we enjoyed in the second quarter, we don't expect that to repeat at the same level, going forward. But quite honestly, while it's a near-term cost headwind, it's actually a good sign, right. It's a really good sign for the health of our small business customer.
Nicole Giandinoto: And Brian, the other thing to keep in mind, if you recall when the CNG tax credit was passed, we recognized two years worth of benefits in the fourth quarter of 2019. And so that is giving us a headwind for example, in the fourth quarter of 50 basis point headwinds. So about call it 30 for the second half.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so that's something we have to overcome.
Brian Maguire: Got it, so were talking about our second half margin, it is cumulative number, so your 3Q could be quite a bit better, but 4Q will have that unique headwind like?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, which is just a timing thing.
Brian Maguire: Yes, thanks. And then, just a question on capital reallocation with the outlook being a little bit better and be able to get back to providing guidance? Do you think we get back to buying shares back more periodically, like the closure around beforehand? Or is it a little too early to be thinking about reopening that window?
Jon Vander Ark: Look as I said, we've got $600 million remaining on the authorization, we continue to look at the intrinsic value of the business. Again, we look at that based on our three-year outlook and our three-year plan, right. So we're looking at real actionable plan against what, how we think the stock will perform. You look at our track record, we've always taken a balanced approach with that intrinsic mindset. At the same time, we've said look we will flex buyback based on opportunity in the market as it relates to M&A and maintain the optimal leverage ratio of call it right around three times and so all those things are in play. We've got a lot of flexibility. We got a lot of dry powder. We've got a lot of capability. So we're in a good place. And if the market allows it and we see an opportunity, we'll buy opportunistically just as we have. And frankly, I think we'd beat the market year-in and year-out. So the balanced approach won't change. But we'll continue to look to put our money to work and return to shareholder is the best way that we can, we think we do it as efficiently as anybody.
Brian Maguire: Okay and just last one for me, just back on the pricing outlook, it sounds like we saw a little bit of a step down in the year-over-year growth rate, which was expected I think just as the year progresses, the comps get a little bit tougher on a year-over-year basis. Should we just expect a little bit more gradual depletion in that line item?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, its gradual. Again, there's some timing things year-over-year. So some of our fees are impacted by fuel declines. There's a year-over-year decline on that, but our core pricing philosophy is not changing. We want to send a fair price with the hard work that we do, and customers reward and value that and pay us.
Brian Maguire: Got you. Thanks Jon. All right, congrats again. Have a great quarter.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, hey Jon, thank you for the details regarding how borrowings progressed through the quarter and the details on total revenue in July, but curious if you could kind of give similar level of details on how borrowings were in July by line of business, how a small container and roll-off and such?
Jon Vander Ark: No, we're not giving that level of detail on July. But steady recovery across that, and I would say that we have a little bit of a geographic headwind that we've had to overcome as the COVID cases initially started out in the Northeast and we're heavily impacted, or we have a lighter footprint, the heavier caseload in the last couple of months has been in the South and Southwest. So Florida, Georgia, Texas, Arizona, California, we have significant market positions in all of those markets. And yet we're still seeing volumes recover. So that gives us a lot of optimism. But the outlook is positive. There's still uncertainty of course, there's going to be puts and takes across different geographies. And week-to-week, we're running the business for the long-term, but we feel like we certainly far more than exceeded the floor, and we're on our way to a nice day recovery.
Brian DelGhiaccio: I think in Jon's prepared remarks, he mentioned seasonality, right. So we actually are seeing some seasonality in the business. And so with all that Jon just mentioned overcoming what's happening out there again, that leads us to our positive outlook.
Kyle White: Got you, that's helpful and apologies if I missed this and appreciate the free cash flow guidance provided, but did you provide any other kind of moving parts there? What do you expect the CapEx for the full-year, what about working capital?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, we actually in our guidance, we provided the various components including, what we expect from a cash from operations as well as our CapEx. So you can actually see the various components in our 8-K filing. If you kind of take the midpoint of the range though, what we're kind of thinking, it's approximately $1.1 billion of CapEx.
Jon Vander Ark: And the only thing I will add about, our CapEx plan is naturally pulls back when we don't have the volume, 10% of our annual CapEx typically is for volume growth. And we're not seeing that growth, we're naturally not going to spend that CapEx, what we see decline in some of our replacement schedules for trucks naturally push out, we're still investing in the business. We're still working on projects, still investing in our digital operations platform which is rise and run the business for the long-term. So the team's done a great job in the face of a pandemic, not just working the quarter but working for our multi-year plan.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Again it just reiterates the flexibility we have in the business model, when these things happen, we've got the ability to flex very quickly and still produce the cash flow and meet our obligations. So again, I think its the great outcome of a lot of great work from the team. But again, it just really shines right light and conversely, the business model is.
Jon Vander Ark: And Kyle as I mentioned, the midpoint of right around $1.1 billion, the range is $1.075 billion to $1.15 billion.
Kyle White: Perfect, thanks. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Sean, your line maybe muted on your end.
Sean Eastman: Hey, sorry about that guys. I'm at my mom's house. So just kind of keep it quiet. So guys really impressive job. Congratulations. I just wanted to ask sort of a higher level question. I mean post-COVID it does seem like we could see pockets of population growth in pretty different parts of the country, relative to what we've seen over the last many years. So I'm just wondering, whether that or anything else sort of in the post-COVID world is changing, how you guys are prioritizing or focusing your capital investment dollars or M&A dollars. And any thoughts there would be great.
Don Slager: So look, our strategy around market position hasn't changed, right. We strive to be number one or number two in the markets we serve, we strive to be vertically integrated. And again, the results you see there are result of decades of building around that pillar of our strategy. We want to get in front of the growth, right. We want to be where people are. And so when you think about the Sunbelt that we talked about from Portland, Seattle, Washington, down the coast across Texas, up into the Carolinas, and all the little pockets that people are moving into hotspots like Nashville, right, we're there. We've got a great business mix, a great business portfolio of urban centers which sort of picks-up some of the growth around sort of the urbanization trend. We've got a great business position in secondary markets, right. And so look, you won't see especially winder in the markets. We're not in and do startups, just because they're hotspots for people. But if we can take a number one or number two position in an adjacent market that we're not in currently but next door or brand new market, we'll do that. And we've done that, we've done that over the last couple of years, you've seen us go into some, some new secondary markets because we were able to take a nice position. So again, we've got a great pipeline, we've got a great M&A team, a great leader in that group. And again, we've got the balance sheet to continue to grow that way. Great thing about our business, again as population grows, as business formation grows around that, we're very well situated with our portfolio and the fact that we're East and West and North and South kind of insulates us when they're sort of micro pockets of bad news, right. So while there may be a couple of cities right now where the epidemic still on the upswing where plenty of cities where the numbers are going the other way, and so we're getting that balanced benefit. So again, that's the strength of the portfolio, the power of the portfolio. And so one thing that will change in our outlook is just as Jon said, I mean, we've learned a lot on how we can work a little differently. And we're taking all those lessons to heart, that will make us better. It'll make us even more attractive company to work for. It'll make our employees even more engaged. It'll make us leaner. But it won't change our outlook on how we grow. And again, I think we're very well situated for all of that.
Sean Eastman: Yes, that makes sense. Good answer. And next, I just wanted to give Brian the floor. I mean, congrats on the CFO role. Just curious, over the next 12 months, where you think you're going to be spending the biggest chunk of your time from an operational perspective, what's the big priority as you come into the big seat here?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, look, I mean I think the traditional role of the CFO, when you just think about making sure that we have good quality financials, I mean going to be spending obviously my time on that, but even more so when you think about me keeping right the IT department and when we think about our investments in technology, how they're enabling things like our platform, how they're doing things, quite honestly, even on the SG&A and when we think about modernizing our core systems, that's where I'm going to be spending the majority of my time, just to make sure that we set ourselves up well for future growth and enhance profitability.
Sean Eastman: Got it. I appreciate the time and nice work again.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Okay, thanks.
Don Slager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call, you mentioned that you're questioning your own real estate footprint. I'm wondering do you have an opinion on the near-term outlook for commercial construction in general and how that might influence your business into 2021?
Don Slager: Not a strong one given the uncertainty, only that construction has held up pretty well, right if you think about right? If you had you at C&D tons into our landfill or we printed a pretty strong quarter there. And I think in many markets construction has been the bright spot and everything else was shut down and people are sheltering in place. In most markets construction had an exemption. And really strong obviously on the residential side, right construction, probably a lot of current projects getting finished, but we're still seeing new activity in market, so probably too early to tell in terms of the longer-term outlook.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, one thing I would add to that is Im hearing a lot of people talk about, how they'll use space differently, not necessarily having less space, but having more open space and having more space between cubicles and I know for us for a long time, we need more office space, so we went from the 10 by 8 cubicle to the 8 by 8 cubicle to the 6 by 6 cubicle and just to sort of squeeze people in. So I've heard that from a number of companies that they're going to use this opportunity to maybe maintain some of the space they have and just make it more wide open, more, more sunlight for their people, more meeting space that's required that kind of thing and just to appeal to the next generation of workforce, so I think that's going to be true for a lot of people.
David Manthey: Okay, thank you. And then D&A and tax rate expectations for the full-year 2020. If you didn't give those and then somewhat related the July revenue, month-to-month increase of 1.5. Do you just tell us what the normal seasonality ranges from June to July?
Brian DelGhiaccio: That's a pretty typical of what we say.
David Manthey: Okay, yes.
Nicole Giandinoto: And then as far as tax rate goes, our assumptions haven't changed from the original guidance that we provided. So we're looking for the full-years adjusted effective tax rate of 21%. And then just keep in mind, we also have a tax related non-cash dollar charge that shows up below operating income. We expect that charge to be about $110 million and waited to the fourth quarter.
David Manthey: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thanks. Hi, Don, Jon, Bill welcome back.
Don Slager: Hi, Michael.
Jon Vander Ark: Hi, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: I'd like to tease out the free cash flow outlook as they lay the pieces out and I think about your typical ratios like you've been tracking at 40%, 42% conversion ratio, your cash flow from ops are 22%, 23% of revenues just sort of teasing all those pieces together to try and figure out what was going on, it feels like this should be better than 11 to 175. So what's our headwinds in the second half, you gave a couple of them earlier, to take if only to give about $4 million of incremental free cash to be at the midpoint?
Don Slager: Yeah Michael, let me give you a couple of numbers here right. So I talked about in my prepared remarks that we expect the working capital benefit to flip in the second half of the year and quite honestly that's just because we saw really strong DSO and DPO performance in the second half of 2019. So it's not expect that we expect those to step down in the current year. It's just going to anniversary. So we no longer enjoy that working capital benefit in the second half. The real big deal is the cash taxes. So when you take a look at what we expect to spend in cash taxes in the second half, it's over $100 million more than what we spent in the first half. The other thing I'll just point out is just because we had some refunds in the prior year, we would expect cash taxes to at least $100 million more on a full-year basis than in 2019 and just to your final point, cash tax as a percent of provision was about 12% last year, this year we're expecting to be about 70%.
Michael Hoffman: 17% or 70%?
Don Slager: 70%. Hey Michael did we mentioned that we reinstated our original free cash flow guidance?
Michael Hoffman: I know the original guidance is actually $100 million on the upper end, on the higher end. So it feels like maybe that's not actually out of reach.
Don Slager: Well look, nothing is ever out of reach. How's that?
Michael Hoffman: Are the ratios I talked about still consistent kind of 40% to 42% of EBITDA or 22% to 23% of cash flow from ops as a present to revenues? Is that the way to think about thing?
Don Slager: Yeah that's fair and again I think the big impact theirs is just going to be cash taxes with what you're seeing at that 50-plus conversion that we're seeing in the first half versus what a more normalized rate would be.
Michael Hoffman: Got it and just to close on the acquisition type text $450 million, so that leaves to $200 million to do tuck-in that's kind of what you've spent consistently for decades is $200 million tuck in.
Don Slager: Yeah I don't know your question unless you're just emphatically agreeing with me but
Michael Hoffman: I just feel like there is some confusion and I'm like there is not any confusion.
Don Slager: Look back through all the years you've known us, we have a really good track record of telling what we're going to do and then doing what we say and we wouldn't tell you what we're telling you if we didnt have a pretty good handle on it right. So we're very committed to growing through acquisitions but I can't say enough about the team that we have in place. The person leads that team, the amount of time that we spent talking about it and the amount of great companies that we see out there. So we're in that game and we're going to continue to make intelligent investments in growing our business, expanding our business that way and that's going to be, we'll be right in the hunt along with anyone else and hopefully because of relationships because of our style, because of our ability to get things done we'll get more than our fair share.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead/
Michael Feniger: And Don if you could take a step back for very long time, there was the goal for public to get back to its prior peak margins in that 30% to 31% range, it's been out there for a while and some investors were frustrated, they didn't know if the maintenance and one fleet these initiatives were actually going to benefit. I think put up this quarter and I know that like Brian said it's macroeconomic driven, but focusing on retainer weights, but Don maybe you can kind of talk about how you think about those margin targets? We havent heard about that in a while. The maintenance expenses seem like it's really under control this quarter landfill cost, I am just curious how you view this quarter in the context of getting and what you guys talk about the market on a full year basis this year in the context of those prior peak margins?
Don Slager: Sure let me start by stating that the 30% margin goal is still very much in our minds and very, very real. There are two main things that have sort of in our nemesis there. One was the CPI escalator built into all of our contracts for decades that we've been overcoming and John mentioned in his remarks the great progress that the team has made in moving away from that archaic element of our contract into something that is more relevant and the teams are doing a great job there. And so that's just another way of showing that once remind something we move the needle, we move the market. We did that with the recovery fee, we're doing it now with alternative index and then the other thing that's our nemesis is recycling right and again we have really put a stake in the ground here. We talk about recycling measure we're second 2.0, the team has made an incredible improvement in progress in moving off all the old way of pricing and sharing in the risk and getting that risk appropriately balanced and that's more to come. So not only are we getting it done with our customers, because our customers value what we do and are willing to pay and understand the fairness of it, but the market is moving right. We're seeing that become more and more of a norm because it's just common sense to do it that way and so again and as that -- as those two things continue to shift as we close the gaps on that alternative index and on the recycling sharing arrangement, those by themselves go a long way toward getting us to 30%. Now just those two things and again if you look at the progress just trend them out in and the team is fighting hard and Jon is committed his eye and to get that done and believes that he will. Now again on top of that again some of things, some of the learings through COVID-19, some of the way we think about how we'll move forward and some of the -- pudding those learings to work the way we work differently remote working even the I think we can maintain some of our safety performance and some of our productivity performance as Jon said, the teams is committed to do that. Now to layer in rights, the teams has been hard at work getting that put into the business and we've got a great percentage of it implement and that's just the first phase and then this is going to be the gift that keeps on giving right. Once we get sort of digitized there and we get the initial benefits then it's going to be one chapter after another of new opportunity that, that will present to us right and so look there are a lot of great supplement horizon. You can't take all that obviously into the remainder of 2020, but as we get further along as we always do, and I told with the preliminary outlook and that we'll share some of those details with you in as the world starts to settle down too right. Then we'll start sharing some of that in February next year. But we think the outlook is very bright and 30% margin is very much in our minds and very reasonable goal in our perception.
Michael Feniger: And just lastly, over the years your volumes were a little lighter than your peers and you guys were shutting business, there were talks about non-regrettable losses. Is your book of business now higher quality than it was a few years ago to help get through a time like that. You guys havent talked about those non-regrettable losses in a while, but I'm just curious if you could help us with the context you guys going through that process and where that leaves you now in this tough backdrop. Thanks Don.
Don Slager: Yeah we spend a lot of time understanding the customer. Not all customers are equal and they are all going to have the same need. So we specifically put a lot of time and energy targeting customers that are willing to pay and willing to stay. Loyalty is a big part of our strategy and where we invest our time and energy and to your point, we had some optimization across the portfolio and a little bit of that will happen all the time as we acquire some more top gains bits and pieces of that business but we feel very, very good about our portfolio. In terms of customers who are willing to pay at all levels from initial subscription all the way up to national accounts and everybody has got to pay their fair share. We feel really good about the progress we've made.
Operator: Our next question will come from Henry Chien with BMO. Please go ahead.
Henry Chien: Have, good afternoon thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to dig in a little bad and ask you about the pricing dynamic it's been very strong and yeah I was a bit curious if you could talk a little bit more about what's driving that and how much of that is structural supply shortage, if you will willing in disposal capacity and how much of it is like what you're saying before and just proving more value to your customers and what that is that's keeping that price at a pretty solid rate?
Don Slager: For sure let's start with this notion of being an essential service right. We really are an essential service and with all the work we've done as John just mentioned to understand customers what they want, what they value, what do they want to pay for, that reliability is top of mind right and just like when you go to turn the faucet you expect the water to come out and you go to flip the light switch, you expect the lights to come on, when you roll the cart to the street, you expect it to be gone that same day within the same window of time. The work we've been doing operationally with one fleet -- fleet helpfully reliability is paying dividends today. The work we've done around a workforce planning and our employee engagement and route readiness, all those things right are coming to bear today. Employee engagement now it makes us safer but it makes our entire organization think about how we better serve the customer right. And so we got about NPS going up towards the nine points or very much wired around that. So when we think we have a service that is valued by our customers, when we show up the way we do with that relentless attitude to get the job done and then we do that even in a difficult time, we feel like we can continue to price through that event and we did that and our customers rewarded us for our hard work. If you back all the way up to the macro right, you have a rational environment out there, when you think about the cost of disposal, the limited amount of ample space even though we have a lot of years ahead of us, it's more and more difficult to get that space permitted and so on. All those things continue to play into just a strong environment and I am really encouraged when we think about and we talk about this for the call, the strength of American business and the business mentality of people all the way back, the strengthen of the free market, not to get too patriotic, but the American spirit right. When we see our own people showing up every day that's happening in other companies as well, that happening in other businesses, that happening with our customers and people have a much more positive outlook I think in the world than what you read in the headlines right. And we're seeing right here in our numbers. We're seeing it right here in the consumption, in the waste generation rates, our story tells a different story than what you might read if you just read the newspaper. So look that strength on the business model and our pricing tools and the way our field leaders work with our pricing meters here and that what we do is really important and has value and what I am telling you like the digital tools will further enhance that relationship. We're going to connect cabs to customers. We're going to further improve the quality of the product and that's going to give us continued pricing power as we move ahead.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Don, you mentioned a couple of times the digital investment in RISE, you started to roll that out last year and at least just the initial folks is really about really about improving effect efficacy and real-time routing information and data visualization. You mentioned that you had implemented a fair amount of that in pandemic, then the pandemic hit and first I would imagine the new variables into the mix to your operations and test that pipeline. So how does it perform? What impact did it make or benefit that you see. How does that experience and form your current your digitalization plans going forward.
Don Slager: Yeah it performed well just through from a plumbing standpoint, right. The IT team did an incredible job that everything right we move people around and included the right platform right operating without a hitch. So the technical side of it operated very well and the performance side operated well to capacity. One those that had it implemented already, used it to really reconfigure the operations, right? As weight got heavy on residential and there was more demand there, and then things got contained or constricted in small container, large container, we were able to optimize routes in a great way and then the deployment itself back to your cost of what goes away. Our deployment was a typically hand to hand combat model where we would go out and spend a couple of weeks, working shoulder to shoulder. COVID didnt allow us to do that. So we've deployed those things entirely remotely. We did stop the pace. We kept going and the performance in a remote deployment has been on par, the deployment and the in person deployment. So as we think about continue to put tablets in the cab and all the further ways of digital operations, our ability to do that both from a cost and a steep standpoint improves and that's a great learning coming out go.
Jon Vander Ark: Look when you think about that from a change management perspective, we've gone from sort of push to pull right, the things that we're producing here are value added in the minds of our frontline leaders and they're anxious to get those tools in their hands. So they're very willing and able to implement that but they're pulling that capability and so I am hopeful that our speed to change, the more and more we do these things, our speed of change can actually increase as well.
Noah Kaye: That's great color and maybe just one more and you mentioned that a couple times here, the progress on moving the CPI book of business to an alternative pricing mechanism, now if I go back three years, you basically do you want to double your revenue exposure to an alternative index, but just given that you're highlighting that as one of the keys to continue move the margin profile up, can you share with us any targets a benchmark that you're really hoping to get to say over the next couple of years, how you want investors judge that progress and frankly how does what's happening now the current environment impact that?
Jon Vander Ark: We havent actually shared the absolute goal and look I would just ask you to look at the progress we've made as a testament to the ability to do it. There are a lot of factors, when contracts come due, the size of contracts and just the pace of change, the dynamic of the market, all those things are variables to get to work through but I'll tell you that again we're committed, we see the market moving and we're going to stand here every quarter and tell you about the progress we're making and you can hold us for that.
Don Slager: Yeah I think the progress we've made during this pandemic is a good indication of our result and commitment. Because our municipal sales team is pretty busy at City hall because we still have some customers from a recycling standpoint that we need to get into a different risk in relationship with, still some work to do on alternative index, obviously. And as more people work from home and we're are going to envision probably being a little heavier those initial contracts completed, we're going to have a dialogue about getting pace of the work we do and that's going to be a very important piece. Again fairness is on our side. All we're trying to do is get paid for the work we do and we've got a pretty good track record when that's the argument our customers working with us. That's great and again that's upside.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Grant. In closing, we are very pleased with our second quarter performance and we're well positioned as volume continues to recover. Despite volume declines, we grew earnings, delivered double-digit free cash flow, expanded adjusted EBITDA margins. We also reinstated full year adjusted free cash flow guidance, which includes the low-end of our original 2020 guidance range and then we mentioned that we raised our dividend for 16 years straight. That's a lovely stat.\ Once again, I'd like to thank all Republic employees for their ongoing hard work, commitment and indication to our customers and communities each of our employees truly embodies the committed to serve spirit. Have a good evening and stay safe.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2020 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in todays call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations.
Nicole Giandinoto: Thanks, Rachael. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter 2020 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance.I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risk and uncertainties and maybe materially differ from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is May 05, 2020.Please note that this call is the property of Republic Service, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation table and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in Investor Conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. I hope you are doing well and staying safe and healthy. This is of course an unprecedented time for all of us. So before we get into a discussion of our results, I want to first review the steps we are taking in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.As you know, Republic Services provides an essential service. Our team is working tirelessly to serve our customers and communities. And I want to sincerely thank them for all their efforts. As always, the safety and well-being of our people is our top priority. And we are supporting them by continuing to provide all field employees with role specific PPE and masks, implementing enhanced cleaning protocols, adjusting processes, procedures and physical spaces to enable proper social distancing, rebalancing the workload to keep all people working by reducing overtime, providing supplemental paid time off and enhancing medical benefits to cover all COVID related out of pocket costs; and finally, finding new and creative ways to keep our 36,000 employees engaged, motivated and connected.Last month, we launched our $20 million Committed to Serve initiative to recognize our frontline employees, while also helping to support our small business customers and the communities we serve. We are providing weekly on site meals to employees and have sent home weekly dinners for their families. These meals are being purchased from our local small business customers. We are also providing $400 worth of gift cards to each frontline employee to help them and their families. We're encouraging them to use these cards with our small business customers. In doing so, we're not only supporting our people but also our customers by providing them with what they need most, additional revenue.Lastly, we are donating $3 million to the Republic Services Charitable Foundation. Through its National Neighborhood Promise program, the foundation is focused on rebuilding, revitalizing and restoring local communities. The $3 million will be used to fund the foundation's long-term non-profit partners who support local neighborhoods and small businesses as part of their mission.I'm not surprised by our team's ability to quickly mobilize in a time of crisis. Over the past decade, we've been investing in our business to advance our strategy and enhance long-term shareholder value. Some of these investments include: developing standardized processes, implementing innovative technology, consolidating our customer service operations, and building a world class procurement organization and business continuity function.Through these investments, weve built a solid foundation, and even more -- and even a more resilient business. These investments were the driving force behind our superior results in 2019, and our strong start to 2020. Importantly, these foundational improvements have enabled us to be more agile as we navigate the current environment. For example, through our investment in innovative routing and workforce planning tools, we've been able to quickly adjust our routes for changes in demand. And our investment in technology and collaboration tools allowed us to successfully transition approximately 6,000 of our people to work-from-home in a matter of days. And we did so without disruption to our customers, or productivity.As you can see, our company was well prepared. Furthermore, our management and business continuity teams are experienced in navigating difficult times. For example, during the great recession, we successfully adjusted our business to changes in demand and continued to generate strong cash flow. And following some of the most tragic weather events such as hurricanes Harvey and Maria, we were the first waste company back up and running in our markets. Fast forward till today, the investments in our people, processes and technology have better prepared us to manage through this unprecedented time. Next, I'd like to give you some perspective of what we are currently seeing in the business.We started the year strong in January and February. In mid March, some customers in our large container and small container businesses began adjusting their service by decreasing the frequency of pickup or temporarily pausing service. Service decreases continued in late March through mid April and have moderated since then. In the last couple of weeks, we've begun to see customers re-engage with us as they plan to reopen their businesses.Assuming these trends continue, we believe the worst is behind us and volumes will sequentially improve from here. This perspective is consistent with current GDP consensus estimates, which call for a decline in the second quarter, and sequential improvement in the third and fourth quarters. With this outlook, we can expect to generate over $1 billion of free cash flow in 2020.Lastly, before turning the call over to Jon, I'd like to briefly discuss capital allocation. Despite the current pandemic, our balanced approach to capital allocation remains unchanged. We continue to believe that disciplined investment in acquisitions with attractive returns is the best use of free cash flow to increase long-term shareholder value.After investing in growth, we will continue to return our remaining cash flow to shareholders through dividends, and share repurchases. During the first quarter, we invested over $60 million in acquisitions. Our deal pipeline remains strong, and conversations with potential sellers continue to be active.With that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Don. Because we are an essential service provider, we have contingency plans in place to ensure continuity of service. As a result, we were well prepared to face the challenges of pandemic. Our priorities are simple and remain unchanged: put our people first, keep our facilities running smoothly, and take care of our customers. By doing so, we will continue to generate strong free cash flow and create long-term value for our stakeholders, including our people, customers, communities and shareholders.As Don discussed, we acted quickly to ensure our employees well-being. I'm immensely proud of how well all of our employees have adjusted to these changes. For example, our drivers have remained engaged and focused during this potentially distracting time. Attendance is at an all time high, and April was our best safety month ever. Productivity and service reliability have also improved. In just three days, we transitioned 98% of our customer service representatives to work-from-home with no disruption to our service to customers.In fact, since moving to an at-home working environment, we've seen a meaningful increase in their productivity. Our first quarter results were strong, despite the headwind in March from the pandemic. We increased revenue 3.4% and expanded underlying EBITDA margin by 30 basis points. In the first quarter, average yield was 2.9% and volumes during the quarter increased 40 basis points. Excluding the benefit from an additional workday in the quarter versus the prior year, volumes decreased by 10 basis points. This included a 70 basis point increase in January and February, which was more than offset by a 1.8% decrease in March.In April, volumes decreased versus the prior year, but the magnitude and rate of change vary by line of business.Looking first at our small container business. In March, as shelter-in-place orders were implemented across the country, service decreases began to outpace service increases. Additionally, container weights started to decline. In April, total yards collected decreased by approximately 11% and container weight decreased by approximately 20%. It's important to note that in the last two weeks, trends have become more favorable. Container waste has started to increase and customers are beginning to resume service as they plan for reopening. In fact, last week, services increases fully offset services decreases.In response to these changes in demand, our local teams are leveraging existing tools and technology to adjust routes and rebalance the workload daily. Impressively, productivity in our small container business improved and over time was down approximately 45%, a true testament to the amazing work that our team is doing.Turning to our large container collection business. In April, recurring large container hauls decreased 19% versus the prior year. And temporary large container hauls decreased 14% versus the prior year. Given the decrease in demand, our teams effectively rebalanced the routes and reduced over time by approximately 50%.Next, turning to our residential collection business. In this line of business, we bill customers based on the container size and frequency of pickup rather than on the weight of the container. As a result, given we are continuing to operate as normal, the pandemic has had minimal impact on our revenue. However, as residents consume more at-home and create more recycling and solid waste, our processing and disposal costs will increase. For the month of April, average container waste increased approximately 15% versus the prior year.Regarding our disposal business. In April, third-party tons decreased by approximately 20% and included a decrease in special waste of 34%, a decrease in C&D of 11% and a decrease in MSW of only 7%. Importantly, the rate of decline has begun to moderate and last week total landfill tons were only down 15% versus the prior year.Turning to recycling. During this crisis, we remain steadfast in our commitment to the environment. Thanks to the hard work and resourcefulness of our procurement and operations teams, Im proud to report that we've been able to continue to operate our recycling processing centers across the country without any disruption. In a time like this, when e-commerce activity is increasing and the demand for fiber is increasing, it is more important than ever to keep our operations up and running safely. We've implemented social distancing and are providing necessary PPE to keep our people safe and our facilities operational. In those areas where employees are stationed less than [40 to par], we've installed plastic protective barriers to help keep them safe.Regarding our environmental services business. In April, U.S. rig counts and associated drilling activity continued to decrease sequentially from the first quarter. As a result, we expect revenues in the upstream E&P portion of our environmental services business to decrease sequentially. In the downstream portion of this business, we are also seeing headwinds, though not as severe. Downstream operators, including refineries and petrochemical companies usually benefit from lower crude prices providing a natural hedge to the volatility in the upstream portion of our business. However, given the unprecedented low demand for fuel, we expect utilization rates to come down and activity in the downstream portion of our business to decrease sequentially.Finally, turning to expense and CapEx. As we continue to operate during this uncertain time, we are adjusting our cost structure to align with real time changes in volume. Importantly, we estimate approximately 60% of our total cost structure, including cost of operations, SG&A and depreciation and amortization is variable. We are closely managing these variable costs. For example, we've put labor management strategies in place to redistribute the workload. As a result, we've reduced total overtime hours by approximately 37%. We are also reducing discretionary spending such as travel and are scaling back on capital expenditures. For example, approximately 10% of our capital budget or a little over $100 million is for growth capital, which we will no longer need to spend this year.Additionally as volumes decrease, the replacement cycle of our assets naturally extends. Therefore, we are intelligently scaling back our replacement capital to align with changes in demand including the construction of landfill airspace and the purchase of replacement trucks, containers, and equipment. Overall, we have been quickly adapting our operations based on changes in customer demand. As always, we will continue to manage the business for the long-term. We've been very nimble during this rapidly-evolving period and we'll be equally ready as the economy begins to grow again.With that, I will now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our first quarter results.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Jon. In the first quarter, total revenue increased by 3.4%. This included average yields of 2.9% and volume growth of 40 basis points. Core price net of rollbacks was 5.2%. Adjusted EBITDA increased $24 million or 3.4% versus the prior year. Normalizing for an additional workday in the quarter, EBITDA increased 4.8%. Underlying EBITDA margins increased by 30 basis points.Adjusted free cash flow for the first quarter was $267 million and decreased by $82 million versus the prior year. This decrease in free cash flow was due to the timing of capital expenditures in cash taxes. Capital expenditures in the first quarter increased $74 million and cash taxes increased $25 million versus the prior year. Normalizing for these two items, free cash flow would have increased 4.9% versus the prior year. During this unprecedented time, our balance sheet remains strong, and we will continue to have ample liquidity of $1.9 billion.Looking forward, the impact of the pandemic on the U.S. economy remains uncertain, in particular, the pace and timing of the recovery. As a result, we have decided to suspend our detailed financial guidance for 2020.But as Don and Jon discussed, recent trends are encouraging. The rate of volume declines is slowing and we're beginning to see customers plan for reopening. Our employees have rapidly adjusted to new ways of working to stay safe and are as engaged as ever. Our operations teams are adjusting routes daily to maintain productivity and minimize costs. We're increasing customer loyalty by continuing to provide great service to our customers and investing in our communities. And finally, we are prudently managing spending while continuing to invest for the long-term. Assuming these recent trends continue, we would still expect to generate over $1 billion of adjusted free cash flow in 2020.In closing, we mentioned numerous times the unprecedented nature of this global pandemic. But we are all facing a tremendous amount of uncertainty. One thing you can be certain of is the stability and resiliency of Republic Services. In my 20-plus year history with Republic, I've seen many ups and downs, from the great recession to the longest economic expansion in history. What I have learned is that the essential nature of our business doesn't change and what is our ability to generate strong, predictable free cash flow. Remember, the economic environment we're currently in is temporary. And when the economy returns to some level of normalcy, we will emerge stronger than ever.With that, operator, we'd like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] . Your first question comes from Walter Spracklin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Walter Spracklin: My first question here is on pricing behavior. I know you gave some indication on April tendencies on volume. But can you elaborate a little bit on how pricing behavior among some of your competitors have changed as we've gone into the second quarter during the April period?
Don Slager: So, pricing, our pricing perspective remains consistent. We're continuing to invest in our employees and we're continuing price for the quality and committed work that we do with our customers. We have not seen any meaningful change in the market. Now, there's always pockets of behavior here and there, but that's true regardless of where we're at in the economic cycle and again our policies and approaches have remained very consistent.
Walter Spracklin: Okay, a follow up question here is on residential volume. You noted that we've seen a pickup in the in the amount of volume that -- volume increases compared to last year. Is there any sense that -- or is there any opportunity here going forward that you can reconstitute your contracts going forward to include a degree of volume pickup. How difficult is that to do? Could that be one of the changes? If you look out to your industry post COVID, if you're looking at any substantial shift in the overall industry, could that be one area where your company could focus and industry overall could focus in terms of pricing residential contracts?
Don Slager: Certainly, it'll definitely be something we're talking about. And right now, as we've kind of come through into May, April has been all about kind of stabilizing the business, making sure that the service level, quality stays high, working with municipalities and any sort of scheduled changes that we need to accomplish. As we assess the additional tons that we have absorbed, we'll begin to talk to municipalities about what that means and look for some help. It's too early to tell yet. We'll give you more color on that once we get into reporting a second quarter.
Jon Vander Ark: The only other thing I'd add in that is we have a small number of programs that is based on the weight, theyre bag programs, and the industry and we've also migrated away from those programs over the years because they're not easy for the consumer. Having one bin that they pull out to the curb, and having that automated has been safer for us, has been better for the consumer. And you've seen the industry move in that direction. And so whatever we do going forward, we want to make sure that it's still effortless for the customer.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Tyler Brown from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, so Jon, appreciate all the color on April. Very helpful. But if we were to aggregate it all together, is there any way you can just be a little more specific, just basically, what did total revenue do in April just for simplicity purposes?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, well, unfortunately, Tyler we will probably cover that in July when we talk about Q2. So we can't get into overall April trends. But I would reinforce that in most of the places we think we've seen the bottom and we're starting to see recovery. So it's been a really good sign. And also Id say that bottom has been a much higher floor than I think we initially expected on that front. So we're feeling pretty positive about the outlook.
Tyler Brown: Yes, yes, agree there. So Chuck, I know there's a ton of moving pieces, but is the best way to think about it that in aggregate, the decremental margins, let's say ex the commitment to serve should be around 40%. I know it's going to vary by line, specifically, collection versus landfill. But is that probably the best way to kind of think about it?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, you're right, Tyler that 40% is accurate.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And are you guys seeing any changes in cash collection? Are you seeing an uptick in bad debts? I think you're already thinking working capital would be a drag this year. I'm just -- thoughts of maybe what's that working capital draw might look like?
Don Slager: Yes. So we're not seeing anything as of yet. As a matter of fact the DSO went down by half a day, year-over-year, so nothing here in the first quarter. We are thinking that DSO will trickle up during the year and that's already contemplated in our cash flow guidance for the year.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and then my last one, from a quick modeling perspective, are you guys still expecting about a 1% contribution from M&A? And would that be inclusive of possibly closing Santek?
Don Slager: Well, I think we said, we still expect to do about a 600, 650 of M&A this year, right?I think somewhere in that area, right? So you can do the math on that. It could be more. I mean we'll see how companies come through this pandemic, but the pipeline is full, our people are involved, Santek is on track. So, we will be good.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Just on that point, I think, obviously that deal is not closed yet. It's going through regulator review. We typically wouldn't comment. But other people have put that out there but we're confident we're going to close that deal in the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: My first question is around volume. You've talked about volume stabilizing, services increase offset decreases last week. When we do sort of come back in terms of commercial volume coming back, do you see any structural changes, positive or negative in terms of the shape of the recovery for the waste space, given social distancing or any other things that you think sort of, we see sort of a U-shape recovery on the volume side, any thoughts just structurally post-COVID what to expect in terms of changes around your business?
Don Slager: Yes. Thanks, Hamzah. I think you'll see the pace of the recovery be differentiated based on geography and based on SIC code. So, you could imagine things like hospitality are going to be under pressure and that recovery is going to be a bit slower than manufacturing, which we're already seeing factories start to come back online and reopen and production ramp up. So again, we're going to see differences in that capacity as we go forward.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. And just a follow up question. Back in 2012, municipal residential was a weak spot and it was driven by budgetary constraints that all these municipalities had. They're probably having budgetary constraints again. Do you think that -- are you seeing that at all or I guess the Federal Government can bail them out? But, is there any sense that you're seeing in your conversations with municipalities that muni, resi pricing maybe an issue or you're not seeing that today?
Jon Vander Ark: No, Hamzah, we're not seeing that today, and obviously something we're looking into actively but don't anticipate any credit or collections issues on that side of the business. You know these are long cycle contracts. So, if there's any pressure, it would show up kind of years from now in a bid cycle. And as we've been holding line in that part of the business, making sure that we get a fair return for all the work that we do.
Don Slager: Yes, let me add to that. That was a much different situation too, right? So that was caused by housing but caused by property values crashing, caused by property taxes dropping. The tax base of these municipalities was under pressure. To your point, Hamzah, depending on how this thing bounces back. But if it is some type of a decent U-shape recovery, we're not going to see that kind of an issue, we don't believe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: I may have missed it, but appreciate all of the details on small container. I was just wondering if you could provide some more level of details regarding to your large container business. How are trends throughout April, was the exit rate any better, any signs of improvement both on permanent and temporary?
Don Slager: On that we think we've absolutely found the bottom and thats stabilized and starting to see kind of trends of recovery here. You could imagine a temp for example, construction shutdown, Seattle was shutdown, reopened about 10 days ago, the Bay area was shut down in construction, and that begins to ramp up. And we're seeing a number of places that are just going gangbusters. And to Jon's point, while construction was a huge weak spot in the last recession and downturn, I think this is going to turn out to be one of the brighter spots given the housing starts already were at a modest pace and commercial construction still is pretty strong. So, we feel pretty optimistic about that part of the business.
Kyle White: Just next one is on capital return. I know you're committed to the balanced approach. But just curious are you still targeting around the 400 million in share buybacks this year. Is there any change to kind of the dividend policy, I know typically you look to increase it in July, just any thoughts there?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No change to the dividend policy. We've been paying the dividend now for 18 years and that's not going to change. We always say that we would like to deploy our capital by purchasing EBITDA and Don mentioned that our pipeline is very robust right now, our acquisition pipeline. So looking for our capital to work by buying businesses to take advantage of what might be a pretty good opportunity right now. And then finally, returning the rest of the cash that we generate to the shareholders in the form of a share repurchase. So, our capital allocation strategy really hasn't changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: I wanted to circle back to your commercial business. I don't know if you can parse this out for you, but even at a high level, this will be helpful. What percentage of your clients you think are just putting their service either on hold or reducing frequency, as opposed to those clients that might not come back?
Don Slager: I think we've seen there's three things going on. There's customers who have permanently closed and we've seen very little of that, although in fairness still some shifting and sorting out as the economy starts to get some steam back in it. We're seeing customers who have temporarily suspended their service, as they have had shelter-in-place orders and theyve had eventually temporarily closed their business. And then we've seen people who have decreased their service where restaurant will be a great example who doesn't have in-room dining but does have takeout. So they may have scaled back their service. We're seeing those customers who have temporary paused their service come back online, and we're seeing now those service increases outpace service decreases in small container, which is a very positive by the way.
Jeff Silber: And then you mentioned some of the productivity improvements. You cited the reduction in overtime. Are you seeing anything else in terms of just greater route efficiency, fuel cost savings, any color on those areas would be helpful? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly fuel cost savings is there as oil is at a very low historic level. I would say one of the reasons we've been successful in this environment and the productivity improved is all the hard work and the foundation that weve built. So, we've worked really, really hard to keep our people working and employed and that meant everybody had to give up some overtime so everybody could get work and that means people picking up different routes and our different stops. And again, the customer service has improved, the productivity has improved. So real testament to our COO, Tim Stuart and the operating team for how they've done that with operations. And I'd also say this, we've benefited a bit from traffic, right, as people sheltered in place, traffic is down, especially in urban areas, our ability to get around and get to and back from the recycling side of the landfill has certainly improved.
Don Slager: But as Jon said in his comments, right, attendance is at an all time high. Safety, thats our best safety month ever, and engagement is strong, right? And all those things will be benefits for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: If I could just go back to the earlier question on price and just be more specific. Can you talk about the take rate that you saw on price increases? And any pushback that you might have gotten on price increases, as we went through the last couple of months? Did you lose any meaningful customers due to your pricing discipline? Just curious if you can put some more detail around that.
Don Slager: A very strong first quarter in pricing, again. Very consistent with our historic approach and making sure we get paid for the work we do. And have maintained that approach here in the last six, seven weeks, and have not seen meaningful levels of pullback on pricing. Now, our outlook anticipates some of that as people shift through their business as well. So I'm sure we'll see a little bit of that, but I don't anticipate large movements on that front.
Noah Kaye: And then you kind of kept your expectations on M&A intact for the year, you talked about the strong activity. I'm curious if this is a obviously a different environment we're all in now versus a couple of months ago, maybe you could speak to if youve seen any change in behavior from potential sellers, or whether that's indicative of lesser or greater opportunity for now or the more medium term, and any maybe short-term air pocket to expect just from a diligence perspective? Can you give some color there would helpful.
Don Slager: Yes. I don't think it's a material change. Diligence, for deals we had near closing, diligence has been more difficult because we're not travelling, right? So we've had to maybe slow some of those things down and do some things remotely. That just require a little bit of innovation. But as far as new opportunity goes, I think frankly, as we've said, there are a lot of really good companies out there that we'd like to look at and talk to, some of we already have in the pipeline, there may be some more that come to market, I think for the most part companies have just been busy getting their businesses stabilized.Trying to figure this thing out. And as the market starts to come back, people will start to decide, whether theyre still in this for the long-term or not. We know that we are, and we know we've got the balance sheet and the know how to get it done. So we'll be here to have conversations if there are people who want to otherwise. So we think, it'll still be a good year for us in the M&A department.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. And if I could ask one more, the Committed to Serve $20 million initiative. I guess first I just want to commend you for this initiative and supporting your employees first. You called out I think about $3 million in business reduction costs from COVID-19 as an adjustment, safety equipment, cleaning. Does that kind of cost fall under this program? Should we think about the sort of $3 million a month being kind of the right level of spend on those things for the near-term, just kind of expectations for an elevated cost of doing business there?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So, the $3 million that we incurred during the first quarter were associated with just keeping our employees safe. The commitment to serve actually is a little bit different than that. That's helping the employees, but it's also helping the communities. So, how much we incurred these costs that we carved out in Q1 going forward, really depends on the duration of the pandemic, and how quickly the economy rebounds. It's a little bit too really to be able to forecast that at this point.
Don Slager: Most of those costs were one-time in nature. So, hundreds of thousands of masks we purchased. We talked about putting some structural changes into our hauling companies to promote social distancing, screening, et cetera. So, feel really good about that. We've already always used masks on our recycling centers. So, yes, we have a little more hand sanitizer spend going forward, certainly will for a long period of time. But that's not meaningful in the overall economics.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Could I get, Chuck, what the percent of your labor costs, you all are doing a very good job of giving line item costs and OpEx. And in 2019, what percent of that labor number was overtime?
Chuck Serianni: It's about 15% Michael.
Michael Hoffman: And when we think about how you've rolled that back, about half of that's come out. Is that what I sort of discerned through all of JVA's comments?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. A little less than that, probably closer to 40%.
Don Slager: And keep in mind, Michael, not much came out in resi. Resi, we're working harder than ever. So, almost half in large container and small container.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Okay. That helps. And then it's terrific to hear this is a higher low than you thought it was going to be. You mentioned Jon that you were seeing less lost business, I'm trying to say this smoothly and I'm not sure I'm doing a very good job. How many customers you think don't return in the commercial business percentage wise?
Jon Vander Ark: Small, I couldn't give you a absolute number or the percentage number. I think it will be small, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: Small less than 10%.
Jon Vander Ark: Its hard to forecast exactly what the shape of the recovery is, right? If we're in an L-shape recovery, which I don't think any of us are seeing in our side of the business, yes, it could be that number. But in a kind of a steady rebound here. But I would expect less, but it's hard to say yet.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right. May I ask one more, if I can? You said $100 million in growth capital spending is not spent, but what is the growth capital spending -- or the total capital spending assumption if you exceed $1 billion of free cash?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So, we'll give you more information on that, Michael as we work our way through the year here. It really depends upon the duration of the downturn, how quickly we come back, right? We talked about the growth capital. The remaining capital is really replacement, and it just depends on the utilization of our assets, which includes landfills, right? Building additional landfills airspace, and that's all predicated upon tons that we're receiving into landfill. So, much more information to come here in Q2.
Don Slager: Yes. Look, Michael, as you know, there is a lot of moving parts, right? So, as I said already in April was all about sort of stabilizing the business, right, working with our people, keeping everybody safe. May will be about keeping everybody sort of enthusiastic and ready to return, we're already seeing all these positive signs that Jon laid out. I mean, there's positivity across all lines of business, all market verticals, there's just a lot of really great stories. If we had 4 hours earnings call we can share, we can find really great stuff, its too soon to trend it. Right. So, that's the difficulty, there's just so many moving pieces. And the fact is that we know that we can make changes in decisions in and around CapEx and other areas of spending, which we've done and are doing and will continue to adjust. But there's still a chance right depending on how this return occurs, then we can still catch the bottom edge of our original cash flow guidance, which is over $1 billion, right.So, we're going to be making adjustments every day, every week for near the end of the year. The leadership team gets together every day at 11:00 AM and reviews every piece of data we have, and it's making decisions daily. And that'll continue under Jon's leadership. So it's been really a great process so far and it seems its responding great. So, in July we have a lot more data and we'll have some trend information that will be more meaningful, but I would say we're focused on the cash flow and that just really underscores -- helps stability of the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Eastman from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: First one from me just on labor, helpful color on the OT reductions. Just wondering if there's been any offsets there with any potential temporary increases for any employees and maybe just rounding it out with trends in retention, turnover, things like that would be helpful discussion?
Don Slager: Sure, maybe I'll start the secondary part of your question. So, retention is at an all time high. We have some natural attrition in the business of retirements and other things, but we don't have a lot of people leaving us for bigger, better opportunities, in part because we have done extraordinary job of taking care of our people, which ties into the first part of your question. The Committed to Serve program was done for a few reasons. One, it was to honor and celebrate our frontline people, right? They perform an essential service and it's a noble purpose, and unfortunately, society doesn't do a great job of recognizing them all the time and this is their moment. This is our opportunity to elevate them and appropriately celebrate them. And then connecting that in with customers, right? Customers obviously are looking for some cost relief, what they really needed revenue and we're allowing our people and empowering our people to go support local small businesses that are our customers and when we do that we support the community. So, we think all of those things are connected and tied together.
Sean Eastman: And I'm just curious with OCC really spiking here. Does the typical sensitivity to EBITDA there hold or is there nuances on the volume or operating costs that we should be considering as we kind of flow through the recycled commodity price movement we've been seeing?
Don Slager: Yes. The only thing I would say is that keep in mind as -- and we talk about our commodities to basket and OCC is a portion of that basket about 25% also included in there is aluminum and plastics and the pricing on that has actually gone down. Heavy metal, sensitivity really hasnt changed. Our basket of good $10 change for the year is about $0.03 of EPS.
Sean Eastman: Okay, helpful. And just last quick one from me. I'm just curious on the residential dynamic, you guys highlighted some specific numbers around container rate increases. I'm just curious if you're able to help us understand what that means for the margin profile you guys are getting on that business relative to normalized, this time last year say?
Don Slager: Yes. So because the disposal is going to be compressed a little bit, but we think it's a temporary issue. And we'll work our way out of it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: This is kind of asked earlier, I might have not heard properly. When a customer opens up, which sounds like you started to see at the end of the month, are they decreasing service levels and pickups versus where they were pre-COVID and are they asking for a relief on that price point? And on this topic, it may be too early, but Chuck, can we see small mom and pop start to get aggressive on that line of business when the economy opens back up?
Don Slager: Yes. So we're seeing people call back in. We're not seeing meaningful changes when they come back or they're coming back at the same service level. Obviously, it's a mix as we go forward. We've not seen any kind of movement in terms of expecting a different price point. If we have customers who are under contract, and we've allowed them to temporarily pause that contract given the kind of once in a 100 year nature of this phenomenon, and they've been appreciative that we've allowed them to do that.And theyre mindful of their timing and their opening back up, they're eager to get back to business, right? And their first point of interest is not the price point of their waste in recycling service. It's getting their employees back safely and working and getting customers in their door on that front. And then could we see people be aggressive? Yes, we could, we see that all the time in select markets, there always be a player who does a -- how to do a volume grab here or there at a specific time. I think it's too early to tell whether that's going to be a broad trend, but we've not seen any meaningful uptick in that activity in the last six, seven weeks.
Michael Feniger: Okay, good to hear. And I might have misheard this comment, is the decremental EBITDA margins, do you think 40%, is that the total company, is that collection, disposal, both, in the April comment, I was hoping if you just flush that out for us?
Chuck Serianni: Yes thats pretty entire company. So if you think about we're losing our volumes on the residential side of the business, right? It's on small container and on the landfill side, and those have the highest margins in the company. So the decremental margins are approximately 40%.
Nicole Giandinoto: But Michael, keep in mind, too, I mean we haven't fully closed the books for April. So, we're talking theoretically what that incremental margin will be. And we'll get more guidance kind of in the second quarter around all the numbers that we've been talking about here.
Michael Feniger: And just lastly, you mentioned the pipeline with M&A. Are you in active discussions? Are you seeing a recalibration of the multiples in that pipeline? So clearly, the trailing EBITDA gets a haircut post-COVID or in this new environment. I understand that portion. So I'm just curious if you think there's been a recalibration of just the multiples on net EBITDA or that potential future cash flow?
Don Slager: I'll start and let Jon finish. I would say, first it depends on the deal. It depends on the makeup of the revenue, right? So, yes, we're smart enough to look at that. But it depends on what is the makeup of the business.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So, our activity remains higher than ever. We're in continued dialogue and discussions. We are not snapping the chalk line on pricing those deals, but we're giving sellers an expectation of ranges. But we're waiting to sit through both things where the economy nets out and what the future demand profile is going to be for those assets. And then, overtime, do multiple expectations come down because there's more willing sellers, because their life has changed and it might be a little tougher to run the business in this environment, we'll see.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: And appreciate all the detail on trends in April with all the fluid situation here. And I know, guidance has been pulled, its a very tough environment to be able to provide any. So, I appreciate given the sort of $1 billion free cash flow marker there. But I'm trying to just reconcile some sort of conflicting talent versus numbers. It seems like April's not as bad as we could have feared, but still obviously not immune to the environment. But really, I'm getting a lot of optimism out of you guys about the pace of the recovery, the ability to maybe even clip the low end of the original free cash range and it's great that sequentially and maybe on a week-over-week basis, things are starting to improve a little bit. But I guess sitting here, how can you have any confidence that we're going to get back to anything close to normal in the back half of the year? I guess, kind of embedded in the question is, there's no way you get to 1 billion kind of at the current run rate, right? I mean, you need a healthy kind of recovery in 3Q and 4Q to get there. So, is there's something you guys are seeing that we're missing that just would explain the heightened confidence to kind of get to whatever level you need to get to even talking about clip in the low end of the prior range?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, I'd say the obviously economic outlook broadly, there's still some uncertainty to it, right? And so, if we get into a double dip, right, because we have a reemergence at broad scale and have widespread sheltering in place in the fall, that would be a different scenario. But based on what we're seeing now, and based on we're kind of consensus is going in the macro environment that we're going to have a tough Q2 and start to see growth in Q3 and Q4, coupled with what we're seeing, which is again, relatively high floor to what some of the early predictions were and already seeing that flatten out and starting to see it move upward. I think those are all positive signs and that's what's embedded in our perspective.
Don Slager: So furthermore, right, for years, decades as we've talked to you, the market about what's great about the waste business. We talk about the same things. We talk about our market position being number one or number two in 90% percent of the revenue. We talk about the fact that we're essential service. We talked about the fact that 80% of our customers are under some type of contract. We talk to you about the fact that in our small container business, even in our residential business, the cost per household in the residential businesses generally sub $35 a month, the cost of small container is sub 400. These are not giant spends, these are not the numbers that keep them awake at night. These are not the major parts of their budgets, right. That's what makes the business great. In fact everyone needs us. Okay. And everyone pays us mostly in advance, right, for the service that we provide and that's one of the reasons that we get to get strong pricing. 4% to 5%, poor pricing or a 3% yield is really a small dollar amount for any business, right. All those things are true, when we talked about 1 billion, how we can flex our cash flow or our spending in times like this to still produce pretty strong free cash and maintain a strong balance sheet and have a balanced approach to cash allocation. All those things that we've been telling you that frankly, we proved in the 2001 economic decline, in the great recession, and we'll prove again now. All those things started to -- that's the truth that we've been telling you. And frankly, I think is maybe going overlooked by some people during the last call it seven, eight weeks of this [madness], but we're going to continue to do that and that's not anything -- that's inconsistent with what we've done or what weve said in the past.
Brian Maguire: And would you tend to agree with you on all those points and just none of us have lived through this and underlying assumption is that those businesses are coming back and continue to operate and that's kind to Michael's question earlier just seems like the big wildcard I think we'd all say. Just on OCC, the price has run up and I just wonder what you could say about volumes and how much of the move higher has been supply shock driven with the new collections from brick and mortar retail and establishment where is usually very higher recovery rates and more consumers through the e-commerce channel and maybe lower recovery rates there. Just kind of really a supply shock driving it higher from what you can tell?
Don Slager: I mean keep in mind that we're still down slightly, right, because resis way up, commercial or small container is down, right. I mean, there's just less economic activity going on right now overall from the supply standpoint. And then obviously from the demand side, the demand signal out of the back door for second process centers, big pull for fiber, both to support e-commerce but also to support all of the Kleenex and paper towel and toilet paper and wipes and everything else you got some of those are just a pull forward of surge in demand. Some of those I would argue are more permanent. Wipes for example, paper towel. I think we're going to have a elevated level of demand for months or probably years to come.
Brian Maguire: Okay, and just last one from me, I can't remember if somebody already asked it, but just on the capital reallocation, thoughts on the share repo. I think you sound like you're still committed to do M&A although maybe the stuff that due diligence you can't travel. But on the share repo, so expecting to kind of continue at a similar pace or does the uncertainty out there maybe pull back a little bit on that?
Don Slager: Yes, so I would tell you, first of all our stock is a bargain today, right and we should be buying more of it. But with the uncertainty in the world right now, the prudent thing for us to do is conserve cash, right. So, Chuck talked about having plenty of cash on hand and having plenty of capacity in the revolver. That's the prudent thing for us to do at this moment. Of course, we'd much rather buy more businesses, do more M&A than buy your shares, that's still the best use of cash. So, we're going to take a little wait and see approach. And, as chuck said, we've been paying dividend every quarter for 18 years. So while we don't have an exact dividend policy, we do have a practice that we've honored. So we think we're in a good position from a cash allocation perspective. We look at the intrinsic value of the company today. And if it weren't for some of the uncertainly around COVID-19 we'd be buying a little more of our stocks but we're just going to kind of take a wait and see approach.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Kevin Chiang from CIBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Chiang: Just one from me. Just wondering, as you hope your commercial customers restart here, I suspect a lot of them or some of them are probably facing more financial duress. How do you manage the counter party risk during the event that they can't make it all the way through, are you changing payment terms at all, or like what are you doing to make sure that it don't become an elevated bad debt expense sometime down the road?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, good question. So our perspective does anticipate some elevated bad debt expense that will inevitably be some customers who don't make it through that. I think that's obvious to everybody on the call. But we have a differentiated approach and a very thoughtful one. So customers with good credit ratings get a little bit of help through this, and we will extend terms of those customers. The longer they've been with us, obviously, we'll replay that loyalty to them, and help them get through this time. On that front, feels pretty good about our approach. We have trained all of our people, both in credit collections and all of our customer service representatives, on all those policies and also the approach. People are going through a very dramatic experience. And we start with a human centered approach understanding what they're going through working with them and getting to a good outcome and we have long and loyal customers, over seven years our customers are with us. And so I'm pretty confident we're going to work through this together.
Operator: At this time, it appears to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Rachel. In closing, given the foundational investments we've made in the business, we've been operating from a position of strength and we will continue to do so through the recovery and beyond. Our diversified footprint across the broad mix of markets nationwide position us well to benefit at each stage of the recovery.We look forward to working together with our customers and our communities, for they resume operations. Once again, I'd like to thank all of the Republic employees for their ongoing hard work, commitment and dedication to our customers and communities. Each of our employee truly embodies that Committed to Serve spirit. Have a good evening everyone and stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: And welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter 2019 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in todays call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Thank you. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance.I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risk and uncertainties and maybe materially differ from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 13, 2020.Please note that this call is the property of Republic Service, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation table and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in Investor Conferences. When events are scheduled, the date, time and presentations are posted on our website.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thank you, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. We are very pleased with our strong finish to 2019. The hard work, passion and commitment from our 36,000 employees enabled us to outperform our upwardly revised EPS and free cash flow guidance despite continued headwinds from lowered recycled commodity prices.By successfully pricing in excess of cost inflation in 2019, we expanded underlying EBITDA margin by 70 basis points and generated over $1.2 billion of adjusted free cash flow. For the full year, we invested over $0.5 billion in acquisitions and returned the remaining cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases.We continue to believe that disciplined investment in acquisitions with attractive returns is the best use of free cash flow to increase long-term shareholder value. Our strong finish to 2019 sets us up for continued success in 2020. Given the underlying momentum in our business, we are well-positioned to deliver approximately 5% top-line revenue growth and nearly 6% EBITDA growth. On top of that we are entering 2020 with one of the strongest acquisition pipelines we've seen in years.We will achieve our 2020 guidance by continuing to prioritize the safety of our people and communities above all else; attracting value-oriented customers to drive profitable volume growth; leveraging technology to empower our employees; increase connectivity with our customers; and drive operational excellence; and finally, continue to make disciplined acquisition investments to grow free cash flow and drive sustainable long-term value.These priorities represent the continued execution of our profitable growth through differentiation strategy. We believe our 2019 results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and our team's ability to consistently execute against it. For example, the most critical component to successfully executing our strategy is our people.We believe that engaged and diverse workforce is the greatest indicator of our success. We know that our business units with higher employee engagement have fewer safety incidents, better customer service and better financial performance. In 2019, we improved our overall employee engagement score by over 100 basis points to 86%, which is well above national norms and is high performing for the industry. We also reduced driver turnover by 130 basis points versus the prior year.Moreover, the team continued to receive notable national awards and recognition of the inclusive culture we are building here at Republic. These results reflect the cumulative benefit of the investments we've made in our people over the last decade. We will continue to invest in our people and culture which will further enhance our reputation as an employer of choice. Our strategy also includes investments to improve the customer experience, drive operational excellence and enhance our leading market position.I'll turn the call over to Jon to walk you through our 2019 results in each of those strategic areas. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: As Don mentioned, we've been investing in the customer experience for several years now. Having a passion for our customers is core to our strategy. We know by offering differentiated products, services and experiences designed to meet our customers wants and needs, we drive customer loyalty and increased willingness to pay.In 2019, we continued to invest in and enhance our customer-facing technology including our website and mobile app. We also attained our highest level of pricing in the last 10 years, while maintaining our industry-leading customer churn of 7%. Another key component of our strategy is delivering durable operational excellence. This enables us to deliver consistent high-quality service to our customers while lowering our operating costs.In 2019, we successfully managed our cost inflation and drove solid operating leverage in the business. We also began to roll out our new RISE platform to our dispatch operations. This new technology equips our dispatchers with more real-time routing information and enhanced data visualization tools. It also supports additional mobile and in-cab technology, which we will begin rolling out in our large container business later this year.Over time, this platform will further empower our employees, transform our operations improve productivity and increased connectivity with our customers. Additionally in 2019 we raised the bar with our latest long-term sustainability goals. These goals address our most critical sustainability risks and opportunities and are aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.We believe each new goal has the potential to significantly benefit the environment and society while enhancing the foundation and profitability of our business over the long term.Finally in 2019, we further strengthened our leading market position by strategically investing over $525 million in value-enhancing acquisitions. Through these investments we increased our operating density in existing markets, entered new geographical markets and increased the scale of our downstream environmental services offerings. As you can see the investments we've made over the years in our people, the customer experience, operational excellence and our market position are delivering tangible results. They also provide a solid platform for continued growth in the business.Next, I'd like to discuss our fourth quarter operating performance. During the quarter our pricing environment remained favorable and we continued to price in excess of our cost inflation. Core price which represents price increases to our same-store customers net of rollbacks was 4.8%. This included open market core price of 5.8% and restricted core price of 3.2%.Our restricted core price reflects the significant progress we've made in repricing and restructuring our municipal recycling collection contracts. Restricted core price also reflects the continued benefits of moving away from CPI-based pricing to an alternative pricing mechanism. To date, including both collection and disposal-related contracts, we've converted $780 million or 31% of our CPI-based book of business. This represents a $120 million increase over the prior year.Next, average yield for the quarter was 2.6%. Average yield measures the change in average price per unit and contemplates the impact of customer churn. Average yield was strongest in our small container collection and landfill MSW businesses. Small container average yield was 4.1% and landfill MSW average yield was 3.4%. This is the fourth straight quarter landfill MSW pricing has been greater than 3%.Looking forward in 2020, we expect average yield of approximately 3%. We will achieve this by continuing to focus on enhancing the customer experience and delivering superior service; partnering with our municipal recycling customers to build more durable economically sustainable recycling programs; and pricing our products and services to ensure we earn an appropriate return on our capital investment.Turning to volume. Total volume in the quarter decreased 20 basis points versus the prior year. We continue to intentionally shed certain volumes, which we view as non-regrettable losses. These included residential collection contracts that did not meet our return criteria and work performed on behalf of brokers in our small container business. Normalizing for these non-regrettable losses, underlying volumes increased 30 basis points.On the collection side of the business, large container volumes increased 80 basis points versus the prior year and underlying small container volumes increased approximately 60 basis points after normalizing for broker-related losses. As expected, residential collection volumes decreased 2.2% due to non-regrettable contract losses.On the disposal side of the business in the fourth quarter, MSW volumes increased 40 basis points and C&D volumes increased 16% versus the prior year. As anticipated, special waste volumes were relatively flat versus the prior year. Looking forward, overall in 2020 we expect total volume growth of approximately 75 basis points to 100 basis points.Turning to recycling. In the fourth quarter, our average commodity price per ton was $66. This represented a $6 sequential decrease from the third quarter and a $40 per ton decrease versus the prior year. Importantly, we continue to make progress transforming recycling into a more durable economically sustainable business model.As a result of the team's efforts, our expected earnings sensitivity to changes in commodity prices has decreased by over 25%. Every $10 change in our average price per ton is now equal to approximately $0.03 of annual EPS or $13 million of EBITDA.For purposes of our 2020 guidance, we're assuming commodity prices remain at Q4 levels of approximately $65 per ton. This represents a decrease of $12 per ton versus 2019 and will result in an EBITDA headwind of approximately $15 million. Any recovery in recycling commodity prices would be upside to our 2020 guidance.Next turning to our environmental services business. In the fourth quarter, U.S. rig count and associated drilling activity continued to decline. As expected, revenues in the upstream portion of our environmental services business decreased versus the prior year. In the fourth quarter, this resulted in a 50 basis point headwind to total revenue growth. Relative to our preliminary outlook, we're now taking a more conservative view regarding drilling activity and are assuming it will remain lower for longer.Finally turning to margins. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter was 28.8% and increased 140 basis points versus the prior year. This included a net benefit from CNG tax credits of 60 basis points and a headwind from lower commodity prices of 50 basis points. After normalizing for these two items underlying EBITDA margin expanded 130 basis points. By effectively executing our operating plan, we successfully managed our cost inflation and drove operating leverage across nearly all cost categories.With that, I will now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our 2019 financial results and 2020 guidance in greater detail.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Jon. Adjusted EPS for the full year was $3.34 and included a $0.06 net benefit associated with CNG tax credits. In December, CNG tax credits were enacted retroactively to 2018 and will be available through 2020.Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year was 28.3% and increased 30 basis points versus the prior year. This included underlying margin expansion of 70 basis points. This is partially offset by a 40 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices.The CNG tax credit did not impact the year-over-year change in margin. Adjusted free cash flow for the full year was $1.2 billion. Adjusted free cash flow was favorable relative to our expectations, primarily due to lower cash taxes. Cash taxes were favorably impacted in the fourth quarter by acquisition-related bonus depreciation. At year-end leverage was 3 times and within our optimal range of 2.5 to 3 times.Next turning to our 2020 guidance. The current economic backdrop remains supportive of continued growth. Consumer sentiment is strong, unemployment is low and housing starts are up year-over-year. Given this favorable backdrop for the year we expect total revenue growth of approximately 4.25% to 5% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 20 to 40 basis points.We expect this level of margin expansion, despite approximately 30 basis points of headwind going into 2020. These headwinds include lower recycled commodity prices, a decrease in upstream environmental services revenues and an additional workday.Relative to our preliminary outlook, we increased our adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.02 to $3.48 to $3.53. The increase is due to a $0.04 benefit from CNG tax credits which is partially offset by an additional $0.02 headwind from our upstream environmental services business.We also increased our adjusted free cash flow guidance by $25 million to $1.175 billion to $1.225 billion. The increase is due to a $30 million benefit from CNG tax credits partially offset by an additional $5 million headwind from our upstream environmental services business.Keep in mind our adjusted free cash flow guidance for 2020 includes $100 million of CapEx associated with the reinvestment of tax reform savings. These funds represent continued investments in updated locker rooms, break rooms, training facilities and equipment for the benefit of our front-line employees. This $100 million capital investment will not reoccur in 2021. Normalizing for this capital investment, our free cash flow baseline exiting 2020 will be approximately $1.3 billion.With that operator I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just around the volume on commercial small container. Do you see that sort of turning positive at some point? I guess, we've been pruning low-margin business for three years. And so just any thoughts as -- any thoughts as when that inflects positive?
Chuck Serianni: Yes absolutely Hamzah you're right. We've been shedding some of that work. And while there'll always be a little bit of that work to shed because as we acquire companies, right we find that the book of business, we don't value that when we pay for those companies. But we're certainly kind of at the bottom of that trend and you're going to see positive growth in that line of business.
Hamzah Mazari: And then just on the M&A sort of pipeline how are you guys thinking about deal flow this year? Where the balance sheet leverage is at? I guess, there's a lot of private company revenue up for sale ahead of the election plus the ADSW divestitures. Any thoughts on how aggressive you want to be there?
Don Slager: Sure. This is Don. We  as I said in my remarks, we've got the most robust pipeline, we've seen in years going into the year. And we spent over $0.5 billion in 2019. While our guide only has $200 million spend in it, I personally wouldn't be surprised, if we matched or exceeded this  last year's performance. There's a good pipeline of really good companies, and we've got a really good team that is across the nation looking at deals. And as I always say, we look at everything, and we sort out what we're most attracted to. And we're out there talking to a lot of people. We've got a lot of interest right now.So we feel pretty confident. And as far as the leverage, when we talk about leverage being sort of sweet spot two and half to three we have at times gone over three times leverage to buy really good cash flow. And as I said in my remarks, the very best use of our cash flow is to buy more good cash flow at the right multiple. So we could lever up a little bit and then we'll pay that debt down over time. As long as, we're buying good cash flow that's a good recipe for success.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you. And just last question and I'll turn it over. Just on SG&A, I realized there was sort of corporate function build-out at the company. And in your SG&A's run rate is higher than your largest competitor by a bit at least this quarter. Do you see that coming down? Is SG&A at peak levels today? Or does it go further up from here? Thank you.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. Hamzah, this is Chuck. And yeah, we do see SG&A trending down from here. I would say into 2020 we're projecting that it will be flat to slightly down.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Don Slager: And Hamzah, I'll add to that. We have done a great job of building really strong foundational capability within the business over the last several years. And we are at a good inflection point to leverage that scale. And believe me, we're having a lot of conversations about that. We've got a really good talented group of people here that frankly can run a bigger company without having to add  constantly add people and resources. So you're exactly, right.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thank you very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good afternoon. Just a follow-on question on the volume outlook, the volumes were down a little bit in 4Q but the guidance for 2020 implies about 100 basis point pickup from where we were in kind of 4Q. So just wondering, where or what quarter we might expect to see that inflection to positive growth comps? And what kind of visibility do you have into that volume turning after a couple of years of it being down a little bit or kind of flattish?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I think you'll see that in Q1. And please keep in mind volume and price are related. And we've had really, really strong pricing over the last couple of years in part, because we think about returns at every level. When we acquire a company every customer we sell to, we want to have the appropriate return on the investment we make. And so that's caused us to shed some of that work as we've taken price up. We feel like we're off a really good base to price. And I think you're going to see that volume growth we're forecasting you're going to see that consistent across the four quarters in 2020.
Don Slager: Yeah. Let me add to that. And we have a very consistent approach for price-volume. There's no zigging and zagging, with our thinking on that. And so there's a lot of moving parts to this story. But as Jon said, everything has to contribute. And we feel like we're getting our fair share of organic growth, but we are doing some intentional things right to make sure that we're not doing this for practice.
Brian Maguire: Got it. And the 3% yield guidance for 2020 that would be I think the highest in over a decade for you guys. Is that  do you think that's a sustainable level going forward? Or should we just view this as sort of a one-year level given what's going on in recycling and the need to just kind of recoup that in other parts of the business?
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah  no. I think I'll see that as sustainable. And the reason is, it's years in the making. It's not an event. We've always gotten that or above that in the open market part of the business and the bag  the drag excuse me has been the CPI related part of the business. And we've worked very, very hard on alternative index and getting everybody to pay their fair share. And as you're seeing us continually push that the market is changing on that front. Those RFPs change and that is becoming the norm of the pricing index and a lot of those municipal contracts and when everybody contributes to pricing that allows us to sustain that 3% over time.
Don Slager: Yes. And let me add to that. We posted landfill pricing, really strong landfill pricing 3.4% MSW pricing as a backdrop. If you look at just the open market landfill and transfer pricing, pricing is actually 4.5% to 5.5%, right? So, in open market post-collection pricing is moving in the right direction as it should. That also provides sort of underlying economics that make the market more rational.
Brian Maguire: Okay, great. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. Just a follow-up on the pricing theme thinking about the drivers for 2020. You mentioned tailwinds from reworking the muni contracts both with CPI migration to alternative index and then also recycling landfill just driving higher collection willingness to pay. That kind of covers most of your business lines. So, should we expect fairly broad-based improvement in yield across business lines? Any lines you would expect to be leaders on the yield front?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I mean small container is usually our flagship along with large container perm historically and I expect them to continue to lead the way. But I think the broader theme you're hearing is every part of the business needs to contribute, right? We don't just accept some people are not willing to pay their fair share, right?And to Don's point, it's got to start from the landfill right and that emanates into the collection side of the business. And when those two things work in the right direction, we get it across the Board.
Don Slager: Sure. Look also I mean housing starts if housing starts remain up that's a supply and demand environment that contributes to higher pricing, right? So, we've got open-top -- our open-top business should improve as well.
Noah Kaye: Makes sense. Perhaps a question on 2020 margins guidance for 20 to 40 bps expansion. It seems like recycling if I got your guide right is maybe 15 bps or so impact to margin. What are some of the other offsets that might offset solid waste margin expansion, dilutive acquisitions, the E&P softness CNG? I guess, just are there any other considerations we should keep in mind or is there some deceleration of margin expansion in solid waste?
Jon Vander Ark: No. So, the headwinds that we faced in 2020 one is commodity prices about 10 basis points. I talked about the upstream environmental services that's about another 10 basis points of margin headwind that we face.And then I mentioned the extra workday that we have in 2020 that's another 10 basis points. Net all that out and what you end up with is about 50 to 70 basis points in underlying margin expansion just due to the base business.
Don Slager: Yes. Now remember commodity prices were still high in the first half of 2019. That's really what we're talking about. We think they've stabilized and they'll remain stable through the year. But we still have to sort of overcome that first half of 2019 where they were stronger.
Jon Vander Ark: And while we have that commodity price headwind we're taking pricing actions overall in recycling that more than offset that commodity price headwind.
Noah Kaye: And so the acquisitions you've done there you did a lot this last year. They're margin-neutral or margin-accretive?
Jon Vander Ark: That's right.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Okay. And if I could sneak one more in. You mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the technology levers you're deploying over the course of this year in the large container cabs. I guess without kind of giving the game away on what you're doing just how to think about some of the areas of focus there and what you see as the key benefits.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Broad-based we start with the customer right? The first thing is to deliver an even better customer experience. We're 99.9% reliable in our delivery. We want to think about a zero defect environment. So, how do we improve the customer experience. How do we make the fully experienced better? And they want to be dealing with a digital environment making it easier for them to do their job.And then we think we take some costs out of the business. We make it more productive or more efficient right and we can get more pulls in this case into the large container system because we've got the tools available to do that.
Don Slager: And so think about the size of our business 5 million transactions a day 5 million pickup points a day. And you can get a little -- just incrementally better across five pickup points right from all the points Jon said, there's leverage there.
Noah Kaye: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hey good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the CDP Climate A List recognition. And obviously we're seeing a lot more interest in ESG investing here. Curious how you think Republic should be viewed from this lens. And maybe, what are some specific initiatives you're doing on this front? Further, just curious, are you seeing pressure from shareholders? And what particular metrics do you think they're focused on this?
Don Slager: Well, I'll let Jon give you some detail. But we've seen a lot more I wouldn't say pressure, but interest from shareholders, right. ESG is on tip of the tongue and top of mind of our investors today. Certainly, we spend a lot more time on these issues in the boardroom. We have a Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee on our Board that spends significant time working with management on all of the goals we set, initiatives we have in place. And so, ESG isn't going anywhere and we'll see more and more interest in it as time goes by. And of course, you can see just by the rating system, by the grades we get and then by the goals we've set how competitive we are? Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. And I think the more important thing is these aren't disconnected or these aren't just aspirations. These are deeply connected in our business. And we believe to be environmentally sustainable. You have to be economically sustainable. So, these are things that are great for the broader community as a whole, the smaller community and municipalities and they're going to be good for our business. So safety for example is one of our goals, right?Our number one priority right, we want all of our colleagues to go home after work every night, so a huge priority for us. By doing that, we also lower our risk expense and improve the profitability of the business. Our employee engagement by getting them more engaged we lower our turnover and lower the cost of operating the business, right? By adding to our recycling capacity, we meet our customers' need doing it in a sustainable business model where they're going to be willing to pay their fair share for those investments, right? Engaging our community and our national neighborhood promise right is a way that we give back to the community, but it entrenches us with our most important customers and allows us to maintain and extend those contracts over time.
Kyle White: Got you. And then just a quick one, I think you mentioned your average recycled commodity basket was $66 per ton here in Q4. Just kind of curious, what you're seeing in 1Q on the average basket there?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So, 1Q is -- it's a little bit higher right now, a few dollars higher right now, but not significantly different than our guidance level which is at $65.
Don Slager: And I think the long-term outlook is that, it's pretty flat all year.
Kyle White: All right. Thank you. Good luck to you.
Don Slager: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey good afternoon. Chuck, congrats on the margin momentum here in 2019 which looks like it's expected to continue into 2020. But I was hoping if you could give us some help on the cadence of margin improvement as the year progresses? I mean I'm assuming you still have some dilutive impacts from recycling and the workday specifically in Q1. So, would Q1 margins maybe be down year-over-year or maybe more flatty? And then they kind of build steam as the year progresses and then maybe a little bit of a tougher comp in Q4 given the CNG, is that the right way to think about it?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. You're right about that Tyler. So, a little bit more of a headwind in Q1. Keep in mind that that's where we have the additional workday, right? So you've got that phenomenon in there. And Don already mentioned the fact that you've got the commodity price headwind that hits us in Q1. And then we accelerate there from there right to a good Q2 good Q3. And then Q4 right now we're thinking is going to be kind of flattish.
Tyler Brown: Okay.
Don Slager: We start to get the rollover benefit of pricing and all the great work the team is doing on converting contracts to the right index to the fair share arrangement. All those things are building speed sort of compound through time. The full pipeline when we first integrate these businesses, we don't see a lot of extra cash flow because of the integration cost. But as they get fully tucked in everything gets converted it bills right? So you'll see all that bills return.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's helpful. And then Don, so obviously you guys have done a really good job on the yield front. But if I look at the spread between core price and average yield, it actually continues to widen out. I think it's actually as wide as it's been in say five years. But I'm just curious if you could speak to why that is. It would indicate that either churn is picking up or the spread between new and lost business is widening. But I really don't get the sense that that's the case. So, I'm having a hard time squaring that.
Don Slager: Well, there's a lot of mix, right? And then again when we intentionally shed business we're shedding business that is a lower price per unit right? And we're attentional and unregrettable then that's just a change. So I'll tell you this, we have a pricing plan, of course. There's no doubt that we have a pricing group here that works very closely with all our field leaders. And we know what kind of pricing actions we're going to be taking throughout the year. And we have a pretty good feeling for what willingness to pay is in the markets.And then, it's just the power of the portfolio. We're number one or number two across these markets. We've got good penetration. The field team is doing a better job every month on customer experience and service. And that all drives willingness to pay.The team is doing a great job in educating customers on the way to recycle correctly and people are starting to buy in more, really willing to pay their fair share. I mean, all those things create pricing opportunity for us. So we're pretty confident in the direction we're headed and in the stability and the traction in pricing group.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. And then, maybe my last one. So I love maybe asking you guys a strange question after a long day of earnings. But -- and I'm going to go ahead and throw this out to any of you. But if I was to set aside your property insurance, say related to the landfills and I just looked at your vehicular insurance, are you guys seeing any unusual inflation in your premiums particularly in the upper layers of your insurance tower?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. What we're seeing Tyler and it's not just us, it's all of Corporate America right now. The insurance markets are really, really hard. They're really tight right now. And it has to do with a lot of the natural disasters that the insurance companies are  have been dealing with. Having said that, considering the fact that we are a Fortune 300 company, given our size and all that, we're able to mitigate those cost increases through other cost initiatives that we have within our system.
Tyler Brown: Okay. All right. That is very helpful actually. Thank you.
Don Slager: And, of course, right, we're self-insured, right? So we're really just talking about insurance for sure.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. It was probably --
Tyler Brown: Yes. Looking at the upper layers of the tower?
Jon Vander Ark: Right. You bet. Yes.
Operator: The next question is from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. Compliments on closing out a strong year.
Don Slager: Thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks.
Sean Eastman: So just a quick housekeeping one from me first. Just on the CNG, you guys gave a pretty clear contribution number on EPS. But just curious on EBITDA for 4Q and for 2020, what's reflected on the CNG piece?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So EBITDA in 2019 in Q4 was $17 million of a benefit. And then we're expecting it to be similar to that in 2020.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And the flat to down 25 bps in environmental services,0 could you just help me frame kind of the upper and lower end there? I mean, in the prepared remarks you guys point to the upstream piece being the swing factor. But I'm just curious, is that just kind of drilling activity? Or is there something else that could frame the upper end or lower end?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. It really is just drilling activity. That's what's driving that variance right now. So that's -- that could be anywhere like we said from 0 to 25 basis points of the negative.
Sean Eastman: Okay. And then on the five $25 million of acquisitions completed in 2019, how much of that was environmental services versus traditional solid waste?
Don Slager: Yes. The majority was solid waste. And frankly, the majority will continue to be solid waste, right? I mean, there -- as I said in my remarks earlier, there's a great pipeline of really good quality companies. There's still plenty of good business for us to look at and consolidate tuck-in and bolt-on and even maybe in a few new markets that we can look at geographically. That's where the focus will continue to be. But there'll be some great opportunities as our core capability expands with key customers who want us to do a few more things for.
Sean Eastman: Got it. And last quick one from me. Can you just talk about the runway on the solar investment opportunity? Is the vision here longer term to start utilizing the cap to landfills with these solar build outs?
Don Slager: Well, I'll start and Chuck can add in. We have, as you know, quite a few closed landfills. So we've got a big real estate portfolio. And, yes, I mean ultimately, depending on the economics depending on the tax incentives, depending on the advancement of solar technology, of course, and the ability to connect to the grid, all those things are in flux.But just like you've seen advancements in EV, there'll probably be more advancements in solar that we can't even imagine today. But we're well positioned with a great deal of real estate.We've got good partners in the solar space. The investments we made have been great investments with good returns. And as the opportunity exists, we'll continue to do it. And we'd like to certainly see asset utilization in this new way from our landfills if that's possible. That's why we started down this road in the first place.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. And according to the statute right now, solar credits actually start to phase out. I believe it's this year. And I think that they phase out over a five-year period. Now there's debate right now whether or not they'll be extended similar to what happened with CNG. So -- but to Don's point that remains a great investment alternative for us and something that we would like to do on our fully depreciated closed landfills.
Sean Eastman: Helpful. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. In your prepared remarks, you talked about the percentage of your contracts that you've shifted to alternative -- alternate inflation targets. I'm just wondering if we can get the same kind of color on how much of your contracts have been shifted on the recycled side to fee-for-service? And where do you think that goes over time? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. So, on the processing side, a little further ahead on that front. So, we're over 50% on that side of the business. On the recycling collection side, we've got about 36% converted. And that's across a portfolio of 1,300 contracts, and we're not stopping. We continue to walk through City Hall and tell the message around a model that needs to be economically sustainable, to be environmentally sustainable over time. And I can tell you we're seeing momentum shift.First, it was trying to convince staff and now staff is saying to us, hey, listen we've got to work together to convince the electeds because they understand the issue and they have a strong desire to keep their recycling programs: one because it's the right thing to do; and second because the residents deeply want them to keep it. And we've got to work together to make it economically sustainable.
Jeff Silber: And besides the cost impact, what other pushback if any do you get?
Jon Vander Ark: Some of the cost -- some of the volatility impact, right. There's the volatility aspect to recycling is the commodity prices. And historically, we've borne most of that and some cities say, well, I don't want to bear that either because I don't like the idea of moving residential recycling pricing month to month to month. And we've innovated together with them thinking about hey, let's get a price that's sustainable for residents over the cycle and do things like when commodities are up you can put that in an enterprise fund, right? And so you could take the volatility there. And when the buy prices are high that creates some upside to get the new fire truck, put in the new playground and do things to enhance the community.
Don Slager: Yeah. The other thing that gets uncomfortable is just the discussion around contamination, right? So, we focus greatly now on contamination levels. And that could include just glass, which is highly recyclable but of course has low value. And in some geographies the trucking cost to get glass to an end user just takes the whole thing upside down. So, we've got to have those honest discussions with generators about whether the material really does have real sustainable environmental value at the end of the day or are we just basically burning more rubber and more fuel to make ourselves feel good.And then, I just -- the contamination level of educating the end users the consumers on how to do it, right. So again, we've done a great deal of work in creating tools and training to point people to the right place to learn how to do it right. But frankly municipalities, consumers, customers have to take responsibility for this contamination, because when they deliver a stuff that's 80% contaminated we call that garbage, right? So we're working through that. But -- so, we're having a great honest discussions about how do we make recycling sustainable and profitable and good for everybody and we think we can do it. So we're well...
Jeff Silber: Okay. Thanks so much. If I could just sneak in some quick modeling questions. What should we be expecting for depreciation and amortization, interest expense and taxes for 2020? Thanks.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. We'll follow-up with you some time after the call.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Well do. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Chuck, on the free cash flow, can we bridge to the exit run rate given there's some one-timers off the midpoint? So I think the midpoint is $1.17 billion, ex the CNG credit? What's the ratio exiting?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, Michael. So think about $1.2 billion kind of as the midpoint on the exit. We've got $100 million of tax reform capital included in that number as we had talked about, which doesn't rollover into 2021. So that's really how you get to that exit of $1.3 billion.
Michael Hoffman: And what about...
Chuck Serianni: In 2021 you have -- you'd have the growth on top of that.
Michael Hoffman: And isn't there some working capital timing? There's like $40 million of working capital timing that
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, there is Michael that we had talked about. $40 million of working capital timing but that is offset now by the $30 million of a benefit that we get associated with CNG.
Michael Hoffman: Got it, okay. All right. So the exit rate is $1.3 billion and then you've got underlying growth greater than whatever your EBITDA growth is going to be?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Don Slager: Yeah. And again this is based on the $200 million target for M&A.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Your -- could you share what your year-end for all of 2019 the open market price was versus restricted to get to your 2.8% for yield in 2019? And then I'd be curious what you think those look like to get to the 3% in 2020?
Chuck Serianni: So you want the -- I'm sorry, Michael you want the restricted
Michael Hoffman: Open -- so your open market yield and your restricted yield for 2019 for the full year, you gave us for the fourth quarter or maybe gave it for the year I thought it was the fourth quarter. And then what you think those pieces are to get to the 3% in guidance?
Nicole Giandinoto: Michael, we don't have that detail in front of us. That's the quarterly amount and not the full year. But as you think about it, we should do somewhat the same of what we did this year. You're going to have -- CPI is going to be a benefit in the first half of 2020, but it will flip to a slight headwind. So for the year it kind of -- it'll wash its way out. So again think of core price and restricted price to look it a lot like it does today.
Michael Hoffman: Well, one of them has got to get better to get to 3% or churn is coming down?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, yeah. And it's probably -- it's going to be the open market piece of it Michael. We think that that's going to get a little bit better.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then housekeeping question. The $15 million of modeled headwind from recycling doesn't give you any benefit for your continuing to work through the 55% that's MRF processing in the 36% on contracts right? You could in fact offset some of that if you make some progress on...
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. Just to clarify Michael, $15 million is just the pure commodity impact. The actions that we already have baked into the plan more than offset that. To the extent, we make additional progress that's just icing on top of that cake.
Michael Hoffman: Perfect.
Don Slager: And we will make additional progress.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. And remember Michael as we increase recycling collection pricing that flows through the yield.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. And then one just subtly because there's a slightly different messaging around this from another player. And I think you have the same answer. 100% of your open market customer at your MRF has been repriced but you have some contracted work and that's why the aggregate MRF is 55%?
Chuck Serianni: Correct. Yeah. Any open market customer has long since had re-priced more than a year ago.
Jon Vander Ark: And that's open market. The facilities that's open market collection, all the open market recycling has been repriced.
Michael Hoffman: Great. And then if I could, how is the progress in Plano in the context of lessons learned? And is it going to be transferable into other operations. And as you think of, recapitalization through the MRF fleet have you been happy with what you're seeing that this is -- this -- you've hit on something and this is something worth pushing in other places?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. We've been very happy. Obviously, it's a CapEx-OpEx trade-off which is -- we've got state-of-the-art equipment in there and it allows us to cut the labor about in half, right? In the overall process and produce a cleaner product, on the back-end.So we think that's really attractive. And then, as you know, we always think about an anchor tenant. And a community that's willing to partner with us, in order to do that. And over time, I think you'll see continued investment as we go forward. And build out that product line.
Michael Hoffman: Terrific, thanks a lot. And one -- I'll just make one comment. This press release is really useful, the way it's been laid out. Thanks for doing that.
Don Slager: Yeah. You're welcome, Michael. Have a good day. I think you had six questions in there.
Michael Hoffman: Yeah. I know. Well, if everybody else gets four, five, I had to jump in, yeah.
Don Slager: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey guys. Just on the 3% yield number is that -- Chuck is that like even through the year. Does it -- do we accelerate off this Q4 number? Or do we just build through the year to end up averaging 3% for the full year?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. It's relatively evenly distributed throughout the year.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And then, Chuck, I think you made a comment about like SG&A flat to down. I -- that's on a percent of sales basis or is that on an absolute basis?
Chuck Serianni: That's 100% of sales. That's as a percent of revenue.
Michael Feniger: All right, all right. Perfect. Yeah. I just wanted to clarify that. And then, just on the acquisitions, you guys have completed already, like if we just take that number, what's the revenue lift on that? Is -- if you just -- with everything that's been completed by year-end so far for 2020?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, the rollover revenue benefit of $68 million.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And then just on the acquisitions, you guys completed in 2019, is there any -- obviously the overall effect that we've seen, multiples expand. I'm just curious, if you could kind of touch on -- you mentioned -- Don mentioned, you're leveraging up to buy good cash flow.I'm just curious, if you could kind of help us on, what you've seen in the private market with multiples for some of these businesses?
Don Slager: Yeah. Multiples are still very good. We will of course and have and we will continue to we pay more for businesses that have infrastructure, that's critical permits, that are impossible to replicate those types of things.We discount purchase prices, when there's a little bit too much temporary work or too much broker work. We don't pay for that. So, each deal is different. But on a blended basis, when you look at the whole portfolio of M&A that we're doing, we would tell you that multiples are still pretty stable.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Did I hear you say that, -- so of the 1% contribution to sales growth in 2020 from acquisitions, which I guess would be $103 million. You've already got kind of $68 million of it completed from last year?Or are there some offsets from divestments in there? And I guess, like is there anything you've closed so far in 1Q that would kind of already get to that $103 million number?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. We said the $68 million is the right number. That's already included in our 1% growth guidance for 2020.
Don Slager: Yeah. Some of those deals were deals we thought, we'd close at year-end. And they just didn't get done. They rolled into the New Year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. But you're effectively kind of at almost two-thirds of the way through hitting that 1% number already?
Don Slager: Yes. Yes, that's right.
Chuck Serianni: That's correct.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then last one for me. Just I think some of the cost breakout you give, which are very helpful, looks like on the landfill side those costs were actually down for the first time in a while. I know it maybe was unusually high number a year ago. But I just wondered if you're finally seeing maybe a little bit of a light at the end of the tunnel or some leveling off of the inflationary pressure you've been seeing on the landfill side?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So -- no listen landfills are important assets to Don's point very, very tough to permit. And we -- environmental compliance is something we take very, very seriously. So -- and we price accordingly to more than cover our cost of inflation. That being said, we work on both sides of the equation, not just pricing, but also on the cost. And we work very, very diligently and have an incredible team here that looks at all our landfills from a centralized basis. And every month we're monitoring every element of the landfill is it producing the right level of leachate right any elevated heat sources. And we're getting in quickly and we're mitigating small problems, so that those small problems won't become big ones. And that's really helped us mitigate our cost over time.
Don Slager: Maintenance too is a good story.
Chuck Serianni: And I think across the category, you're seeing that in labor. You're seeing that in maintenance. If you take out the commodity impact on the revenue right really, really good leverage on business on the cost side. And we feel that's a great foundation that takes us into 2020 which is helping drive that margin expansion.
Brian Maguire: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Gary. You've done a great job for us today. In 2019 through the relentless efforts of our people working together at all levels of the company, we outperformed the financial goals we set at the beginning of the year. We achieved strong pricing and we expanded EBITDA margins, generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and invested over $500 billion in acquisitions.Our strong finish to 2019 sets us up for continued success in 2020. Given the underlying momentum in our business, we're well positioned to deliver approximately 5% top line revenue growth and nearly 6% EBITDA growth. On top of that, we are entering 2020 with one of the strongest acquisition pipelines we've seen in years. We will achieve our 2020 guidance by pricing our products and services to ensure we earn an appropriate return.Partnering with our municipal recycling customers to build more durable economically sustainable recycling programs. Tightly managing our costs and increasing productivity through the rollout of our RISE platform as Jon described and leveraging the current momentum in our business from the investments we've made in our people, the customer experience, operational excellence and our strong market position.As always, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term value for our -- all of our stakeholders. I would like to thank everyone on the Republic team for their hard work commitment and dedication to operational excellence and of course creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and please be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2019 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in todays call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice Senior President [sic] [Senior Vice President] Finance and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter 2019 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance.I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause results to differ materially from expectations. The material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 30, 2019.Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation table and the discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republics website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republics management team routinely participates in Investor Conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website.Finally, please note, our third quarter volume results discussed on todays call are on the workday adjusted basis. Therefore, they exclude the benefit of an additional workday in the quarter versus the prior year.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our third quarter results. We continued to successfully increase price in excess of our cost inflation, expand underlying EBITDA margin by 60 basis points and drive double-digit growth in adjusted EPS and adjusted free cash flow.During the quarter, we continued to see additional weakness in global recycled commodity markets and further declines in U.S. rig counts and drilling activity. Despite these macro headwinds, the business is performing ahead of plan. As a result, we are raising our full-year adjusted EPS guidance to $3.28 to $3.30. We also expect to achieve the upper-end of our adjusted free cash flow guidance range.In the third quarter, we generated $372 million of free cash flow and approximately $1 billion of cash flow year-to-date. We utilized our free cash flow to invest back into our business and returned the remainder of  to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We believe investing our free cash flow in acquisitions is the best way to increase long-term shareholder value.We look for appropriately priced solid waste acquisition opportunities to further strengthen our leading market positions and expand into new markets with attractive growth profiles. We also look for opportunities to increase the scale of our environmental service offerings, including materials management and waste disposal. These offerings address the needs of our upstream E&P customers and downstream refinery and petrochemical customers.In the third quarter, we invested approximately $275 million in acquisitions. This brings our year-to-date acquisition investment to $490 million. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust. For the full-year, we are on track to invest approximately $550 million and believe 2020 could be another strong year of acquisition investment.Regarding 2020, given the predictability and consistency of our business, we are providing a preliminary outlook as we have in prior years. We are midway through our annual planning process. And assuming current business and economic conditions continue, we project the following for 2020, adjusted EPS of $3.46 to $3.51 and adjusted free cash flow of $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion.We will achieve this by continuing to prioritize the safety of our people and communities above all else, targeting value-oriented customers to drive profitable volume growth, leveraging our scale to minimize costs and drive operational improvements, continuing to make disciplined acquisition investments to grow free cash flow, and further investing in technology to enhance the customer and employee experience. Similar to prior years, we will provide detailed financial guidance for 2020 in February of next year.Before I turn the call over to Jon, Id like to congratulate the Republic team for being certified as a great place to work for the third consecutive year. We believe an engaged and diverse workforce is the greatest indicator of our success. This is yet another recognition of the inclusive culture we are building at Republic, one where the best people come to work.Ill now turn the call over to Jon to discuss our third quarter operating performance. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Don. In the third quarter, the pricing environment remained favorable. We continued to price in excess of our cost inflation and maintain customer defection or churn of 7%. Core price, which represents price increases to our same-store customers, net of rollback was 4.7%. This included open market core price of 5.7% and restricted core price of 3.1%.Average yield, which measures the change in average price per unit and takes into account customer churn, was 2.8%. Average yield was strong across all lines of business. In our small-container collection business, average yield was 4.1%. In our landfill MSW business, average yield was 3.3%. This level of landfill MSW pricing is especially impressive, given approximately two-thirds of our MSW volume is restricted.As you can see, our team has made great progress moving our disposal contracts away from CPI-based pricing to a more favorable pricing mechanism. In total, including both collection and disposal-related contracts, weve converted $775 million, or 31% of our CPI-based book of business to a waste-related index, or fixed rate increase of 3% or greater.Average yield is also benefiting from improvements in our municipal recycling collection contract. We are working to ensure, they reflect the true cost of recycling and include a more equitable risk-sharing arrangement. Weve now secured price increases from approximately 35% of our municipal recycling collection customers.Turning to volume. Total volume in the quarter decreased 40 basis points and was in line with our expectations. Underlying volumes increased 10 basis points after normalizing for the impact of intentionally shedding certain volumes, including non-regrettable contract losses in our residential collection business and work performed on behalf of brokers. We expect the broker-related headwinds in our small-container business to decrease in 2020, as we anniversary some of the larger losses.In the third quarter, volume across all collection lines of business improved sequentially. At the same time, average yield for our total collection business was 3.1%. On the disposal side of the business, MSW volume growth continued to be strong at 1.8% and C&D volumes increased 15.8%. As expected, special waste volumes decreased versus the prior year due to a difficult comp. Looking forward, the Q4 pipeline remains strong.During the quarter, recycled commodity prices continued to decline. Our average price per ton in the third quarter was $72. This represented a $6 sequential decrease from the second quarter and a $34 decrease versus the prior year. Prices have continued to decline in October, and we estimate our October price per ton to be approximately $68.Importantly, we continue to make progress transforming recycling into a more durable, economically sustainable business model. As a result, next year, we expect our sensitivity to commodity prices to decrease.Next, turning to our environmental services business. In the third quarter, rig counts in the U.S. continued to decline. At the end of September, total U.S. rig counts were down 18% versus the prior year. And in the Permian Basin, they were down 15%. As a result, environmental services revenue decreased and created a 40 basis point headwind to total revenue growth in the third quarter.Finally, turning to margins. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the third quarter was 28% and decreased 40 basis points versus the prior year. Underlying margins expanded 60 basis points, which was more than offset by a 50 basis point headwind from an additional workday in the quarter relative to the prior year and a 50 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices.We continue to see good operating leverage in the business, as we tightly manage costs and improve productivity. We expect this positive momentum to continue into 2020. Every year, we invest in innovative technology and equipment to enhance the customer experience, improve productivity, and make our employees job safer, easier and more engaging.For example, last year, we opened our first next-generation positive-sort recycling facility in Plano, Texas. To date, in Plano, weve seen about a 20% reduction in our total cost per ton. Its important to note, this improvement is net of the depreciation expense associated with the upfront capital investment.In the third quarter, we began to roll out our RISE platform in our dispatch operations and large-container business. The platform leverages the operational foundation weve been building over the last several years. It includes additional mobile and in-cab technology with more real-time routing information and data visualization tools.Ultimately, this platform enables us to digitally connect our customers, drivers, dispatchers, supervisors and trucks. Through this technology, we will further differentiate our product offering, empower our employees and increase productivity.Next year, in partnership with Mack Trucks, we will begin piloting our first electric vehicle on a residential collection route. As you can see, we have a lot of exciting projects underway and were looking forward to discussing them more in 2020.With that, I will now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our third quarter financial results, our 2019 guidance and the 2020 outlook in greater detail.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Jon. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $993 million and in line with our expectations. In the third quarter, we invested approximately $275 million in acquisitions, or $228 million net of divestitures. We also returned $271 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.At the end of the quarter, leverage was three times and within our optimal range of 2.5 to 3 times. Interest expense in the quarter was $98 million and included $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 18%. We also incurred a $4 million non-cash charge related to solar energy investments that qualify for tax credits.For the full-year, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 15% and a $140 million non-cash charge. Relative to our original guidance, the benefit from lower tax-related expense is approximately $0.17. This benefit is being fully offset by two macro headwinds. First, a $0.13 headwind from lower recycled commodity prices and a $0.04 headwind from a decline in drilling activity.Before opening the call for questions, Id like to provide some additional detail on our 2020 preliminary outlook. Regarding our adjusted EPS outlook, were assuming recycled commodity prices remain at current levels of approximately $68 per ton. Next, were assuming an adjusted effective tax rate of 21% and a non-cash charge of approximately $110 million. The year-over-year increase in tax-related expense in 2020 results in a $0.16 headwind to earnings relative to 2019.Turning to our adjusted free cash flow for 2020. Our outlook includes $100 million of CapEx associated with the reinvestment of tax-reform savings. These funds represent continued investments in updated locker rooms, brake rooms and training facilities for the benefits of our frontline employees. This $100 million capital investment will not reoccur in 2021.Our 2020 cash flow outlook also includes an incremental headwind of approximately $40 million from working capital. The working capital headwind is due to the timing of disbursements in 2020 relative to 2019 and will not reoccur in 2021.Lastly, regarding capital allocation in 2020. Although we believe next year will be a strong year of acquisitions, our outlook only contemplates $200 million of investment. Additionally, were assuming we spend approximately $400 million in share repurchases.With that, Id like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, everybody.
Donald Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Chuck Serianni: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck. So my big question here is on free cash as we think about 2020. So I just want to make sure welcome all mixed up. So youre talking the high-end free cash this year, I call it, $1,175 million and your preliminary midpoint is $1,175 million. I think thats right. I get the incremental CapEx on the facilities, but youre saying theres an incremental working capital headwind into 2020 as well Are those the two big kind of puts and takes, or is there something else in there?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. Yes, just  let me make sure Im clear, right? So if you go to the midpoint of the guide right now for 2020, its $1,175 million. And then we have a total of $100 million of CapEx included in that number, right, for tax reform. So you would add that to that amount and then you would add back that working capital I talked about that $40 million. And when you do all that math, Tyler, you come up with a baseline free cash flow of $1.3 billion.
Tyler Brown: Okay. As we kind of think out into 2021, am I right on that?
Donald Slager: Yes.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So if you think out into 2021
Tyler Brown: Okay.
Chuck Serianni: youve got that baseline of $1.3 billion, plus the growth on top of that, just the natural growth in the business.
Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. And then just frankly, Chuck, Im just still confused on the solar energy investment. So, is there  is this like a CapEx item? Is it a M&A type of item? Or is it just a charge on the P&L that gives you a benefit on the tax form? Im just, frankly, a bit confused there.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. Were looking to more of it as an M&A type of item. So this is a  an investment that weve been able to take advantage of. It gives us a really good return on investment. It is extremely low risk. And the great thing about it is, because of the tax credits, we get that benefit immediately. And so thats why you see a reduction in our effective tax rate and our cash taxes equal to the amount of the investment that were making here.
Tyler Brown: Okay.
Nicole Giandinoto: Tyler, this is Nicole. Just to put a one point of clarification there. When we talk about our acquisition investment in the quarter of $275 million and year-to-date of $490 million, that does not include the solar investment, although it runs through the same line item on the statement of cash flow.
Tyler Brown: It does. Okay. So thatll be a Q4 item?
Nicole Giandinoto: Yes, yes.
Chuck Serianni: Yes.
Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. And then just maybe my last one for Don. Just so I appreciate the color on M&A, but Im curious. So have all of your transactions this year been in traditional solid waste, or there is some other verticals, it sounded like that may be the case?
Donald Slager: Its a mixture. Were still seeing great activity in the pipeline on really good solid waste companies, both collection and infrastructure like. And were seeing some good opportunities in environmental services that are very adjacent to what we do. Were looking at opportunities that, again, are things that our customers have said they want to buy from us products and services in areas things that were good at.So I think maintenance, fleet operation, container management, land management, permitting, engineering, all those great capabilities that we have. Were finding great opportunities to move into a little space, more space that still has a great margin profile and works very well with our core business and our core capability.
Tyler Brown: Okay, all right. I appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Donald Slager: You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from Derek Spronck with RBC. Please go ahead.
Derek Spronck: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Just on the acquisition front and just to follow-up just on the solid waste business side. Are they primarily tuck-in acquisitions? And do you have any opportunity to move into new markets here?
Donald Slager: Well, they tend to be primarily tuck-in acquisitions. And one of the reasons for that is, again, were  we tend to be first or second place in  whatever 5% of our revenue, so weve got a big market position. Tuck-ins tend to have the highest return. Theyre the easiest to integrate. They come with the lowest risk.So there are still a fair number of small companies out there that are getting to a place in their company life cycle, where theyre thinking about selling. And weve got some degree of longstanding relationships with those sellers. And so were well-positioned to buy those companies.We have moved in some new geographies in the solid waste. There has been a couple of acquisitions we made recently that were moving into adjacent geographies or into brand-new geographies, and well do that for the right deal, for the right market position. And so we think therell be more of that in the future just as companies, again, come to a certain point in our life cycle.
Jon Vander Ark: And if we take a look going forward, the pipeline is robust. It will primarily be existing geographies only because were in 42 states. So thats where the bulk of our opportunities will set, but we have plenty of things were looking at in terms of  to Dons point, adjacent geographies or new geographies, we moved into Bend, Oregon recently and that was a very value-creating acquisition for us.
Derek Spronck: Okay. And what would you say is the average size from an acquired revenue perspective that youre making at this point of the acquisition cycle? And finally, any potential plans ever to come up here into Canada?
Donald Slager: Okay. Well, Im not going to give you the average, because itd be misleading. Most of the acquisitions are small. Again, these are small companies, I think, five, 10 trucks, right? And occasionally, you do get to a opportunity to look at a larger company, where maybe that company didnt have a successful succession plan, or the next-generation, or the third-generation really wasnt all that interested in it, or it was time to sort of monetize a lifelong work.So there are  there have been a handful of sizable ones, but primarily, theyre going to be small. So its a lot of work to integrate small businesses and spend as much money as we have intelligently. We havent made deals to do. As it relates to  but we look at everything large or small. Thats kind of a battle cry if you look at everything, that makes sense for us.And then as far as Canada goes, I would say this, we always kind of describe ourselves as a North American solid waste and recycling company on purpose. We like Canada. Theres some great business up there. And we would have to be looking at opportunities that gave us a strong market position, which is really the sort of first pillar of our strategy. Were now looking to be a number nine in a market with no path to number three. And so that would answer your question. If theres things available that interest us, were not going to shy away from that.
Chuck Serianni: We are already there today, both in the East and the West, largely in a post collections or disposal arrangement. So that gives us some ties or relationship already into those markets.
Donald Slager: You bet.
Derek Spronck: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I understand your earnings per share is up. Im just  if I look on a trailing 12 months basis, I think your EBITDA is up like 2% year-over-year. In a rather solid waste backdrop, its below your peers and everyone is contending with their cycling issue. Im just trying to get a sense of  is there anything structurally that we should be aware of in terms of your business mix or cost basis or regional mix? Help us understand that, that differential and how that differential might close in the next 12 months?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. I think the two big things that impacted EBITDA this year, in particular, were commodities. And that ended up being an over $50 million headwind for us. The other thing was environmental services, and we had talked about that Permian cooling down a little bit. And that was another almost $20 million of a headwind for us also on EBITDA.Now, the good news is that, we were able to offset that  from those headwinds through some advantageous tax planning. But as we look into the future, and as we look in particular into 2020, were saying at this point that were going to have EBITDA margin expansion. And thats because we feel really good about how the base business is performing.
Michael Feniger: Chuck, just to be clear on that. So youre saying into 2020, youre confident you can get EBITDA margin expansion on the overall business, even with the  if OCC prices stay exactly where they are right now, and you extrapolate that into 2020?
Jon Vander Ark: Thats exactly right. Thats what Im saying.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And just like on the intentional shedding. When we go into 2020, is that over and do we see that finally drop out in  into next year?
Jon Vander Ark: Were expecting to grow the business next year, obviously, at very solid price environment and volume growth next year. That will be a mix of taking on a lot of profitable customers and still some shedding of less attractive customers. But, as we said in the prepared remarks, that will start to trend down overall. But that we believe we can grow the business, both price and volume. Thats our aspiration. Weve proven we can do it. When forced to make a trade-off, well take price every time, right, thats how we think about the business.So, again, to Chucks point, with 2020, weve got really solid plan for, feel really good about the economic backdrop and how were going to grow the business. And that will involve slowing down of the shedding and taking on a lot more profitable business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Good afternoon.
Donald Slager: Good afternoon.
Brian Maguire: Chuck, just wanted to come back to the $40 million of working capital that seems to be swinging around a little bit. Am I thinking about it right that youre kind of maybe pulling that forward into 2019 and thats whats getting you from more like the lower-end of the range to the upper-end of the range? And then thats just sort of coming out of the 2020 number as a  as an offset?
Chuck Serianni: No, its really the timing of disbursements in 2020. It has to do with the calendar. And when we, honestly, when we cut AP checks, and it just happens to be a worst-case scenario for us in 2020. And thats why I said in my comments that it will reverse in 2021. Thats a one-time headwind for us, that will reverse. It has to do with the calendar.
Brian Maguire: Okay. So you get the benefit then in 2021 as opposed to 2019 from that progressing?
Chuck Serianni: Correct.
Brian Maguire: Got it. Okay. And then just wondering, if you could comment on your outlook for special waste volumes. I think yesterday, they were down, but mentioned that was mostly because of a year-ago comp. Wondering what youre seeing in the pipeline there and the outlook there into fourth quarter?
Jon Vander Ark: Pipeline is solid, both for Q4 and then in early 2020. Beyond that, its hard to say, but really solid outlook. And this  the nature of that business is a bit episodic, as you know. It can move around quarter-to-quarter, you see that with us, you see that with our competitors. And its always a little down this quarter, C&D way up this quarter. So theres a little bit of swing in the nature of those jobs because theyre project based. But we feel very good about the pipeline.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And just last one for me. Just on the  back on the tax rate in these solar credits, I think initially, you talked about kind of a $60 million offset in the non-cash line from that. It seemed like in the quarter it was only four. So running a little bit lower that. Is it just going to be a little bit lumpy and a lot in 4Q?And then just thinking about it more longer-term, how many more years do you kind of anticipate having this sort of a weird lower tax rate and a higher non-cash other expense in there? And assuming, it does, and at some point, do we go back to that kind of high-20% tax rate at some point, or somewhere lower now?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So we like the weird lower tax rate. Id like to keep that as long as we can. Back to your first question, yes, it will be a  most of the investment will occur here in Q4 for 2019. And these tax credits right now start to phase out through 2022 into 2023. So, we think that we have an opportunity to take advantage of these tax credits for the next few years.Certainly, theyre on the books. But at the same time, we need to make sure that we got the appropriate investments that those are available to us. And these investments typically have returns in the mid  high to mid-teens. And were making sure that they dont just provide us with a tax benefit here that theyre  that were getting overall a good return on these investments.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Nicole Giandinoto: So for those of you thats dialed in and entered the queue ahead of the start of the call, it looks like youve dropped off. So if you want to get back into the question queue, please press star and then one.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: HI, team, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the environmental services, kind of acquisitions and stuff being folded into the mix here. It looks like this run rate here on the environmental services line actually picked up really nicely in the third quarter. And I believe that item was called energy services last quarter, so maybe I missed some sort of reclassification. But nevertheless, Im just kind of wondering if maybe some of the acquisitions done this year are going into that line. And what the run rate on that looks like as we go into 2020, particularly considering the softness on the E&P waste side?
Donald Slager: Yes. So weve kind of broadened the category, okay?
Sean Eastman: Yes.
Donald Slager: And so when we first went into the E&P space, we call that Energy Services and that was, again, primarily handling oilfield waste, landfilling, and waste processing from the drilling rigs and so forth. And thats been a good business for us, a good investment. Again, it could be a little cyclical, right? And it could be impacted by some of the global issues that we face.But all in all, still good business. We like it. Weve got great market position. A lot of that depends on sort of on your geography. A lot of those customers that we serve in the oilfields are customers that we serve in the solid waste space. And as weve looked to sort of connect dots, we talk about going sort of upstream and downstream here. We find opportunity to do other things in and around that space that fit very nicely into what were capable of.So it comes down to, again, whats the margin profile of the business? How does it fit with our customers? Does it help us with stickiness? Does it help us to do more for current customers and kind of bigger wallet share? And does it fit within our capability? You wont ever see us do things that we dont know how to do, right?And so yes, so its opened up new doors. And its not that much different, frankly, from when, I think, Jon, talked about a new geography in Bend, Oregon. We wouldnt have maybe known those people and had an opportunity, we werent in Oregon. So, as you move the geography footprint out, it opens you up to new opportunities because of new relationships and so forth.So not that much different there when we think about whats happening in the geography of the country, where Energy Services and Petrochem has got a big concentration.
Sean Eastman: Okay. And maybe you can just expand on the acquisition opportunities in that environmental services category, as you see it today?
Donald Slager: Yes. So were not really ready to break it out. Again, as Jon and I both said, the majority of our acquisition activities still going to be in solid waste. Yes. So, these are, I would call it, sort of fringe opportunities. Were not going to do a natural act and try too hard. Were just going to make sure that were making  being opportunistic and being intelligent and staying within our adjacent capability set. But most of the investment will still be in and around good old-fashioned core solid waste for the time being.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. The only thing Id add is that, space is pretty fragmented. And our customers have asked us to be there, right? Weve been in this space for a long time in plant on properties. They understand our safety record. They understand our commitment to sustainability. They understand our performance levels that we can execute against. And therefore, theyve asked us to broaden our product and service offering to better serve them.
Sean Eastman: Interesting. Yes. I mean, it sounds like just another big consolidation runway. I guess, just to close it out there, maybe how this particular piece of the business, thats all kind of lumped together at this point. Just how its kind of moving into 2020, some high-level comment on that would be helpful?
Donald Slager: Yes. I mean, I think that into 2020, obviously, youre going to see that line item on the  on our revenue breakout continue to increase because of the acquisitions that we made this year. And, as Jon mentioned, that were going to remain opportunistic here in 2020 and see if theres any other opportunities that we can also include in that piece of our business.
Jon Vander Ark: Don mentioned some cyclicality, we expect a little bit of headwind on a year-over-year comp. If drilling activity remains flat, obviously, that could pick up and move up depending on where oil prices go. The downstream side of that business is much more steady from an underlying demand profile. And youll see nice growth year-over-year there because of the acquisition that we made in the space.
Sean Eastman: Thanks, gents. Really helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. Thank you very much. So just to tease out that last set of conversations, the $51.5 million, that now core environmental services a year ago. Was that pretty much purely energy and now 57.8 has the combinations of things to some  make sure Im understanding this whole conversation that just happened?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Were pulling a little bit from the core business. Weve been in the downstream for a long, long time. So weve pulled a little bit of that into the business, but its just the combination of both upstream and downstream and called environmental services, largely because thats what the space calls it, right? Thats what our customers are
Michael Hoffman: Yes, I got that, Jon, but a year ago, was it basically just all ups  upstream energy and this year, its got a mixture of things?
Jon Vander Ark: Primarily.
Donald Slager: Yes, primarily. So
Michael Hoffman: Yes, just...
Donald Slager: but weve tried to say this a couple of times. Look, weve been in and around this space for a long time. Weve had little sort of outpost in our business that have, call it, wandered into the space and done pretty well with it. So none of this is all new to us. Its just aggregating it into one place. And then as Jon said, its somewhat of a fragmented business and customers want to sort of have that one neck to grab and where that reliable, well-known entity. And so it just seems to go together pretty well. So youll see it now aggregated, and youll see some good growth, as Jon pointed out.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Im  sorry, guys. I just want to make sure I understood what was in the mix. I dont dispute the need or been in and all that. On the free cash flow side, one of the things that I think that also needs to be thought about is there at $68, thats an incremental level of pressure in the next year relative to the run rate through this year, and that would equal cash headwind as well that youre overcoming?So when you start with a  were flat year-over-year at the upper-end versus the new guide of midpoint at just $25 million for the incremental lock room spending and the like for employees, $40 million for working capital. Theres some cash tax benefit. Theres also an added headwind as some recycling cash, too, right?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, thats absolutely right, Michael. Youre right on with that. And that was probably circa $20 million or so.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Chuck Serianni: And, obviously, thats a negative in our 2020 preliminary outlook in terms of the cash flow.
Michael Hoffman: Right.
Donald Slager: So, Michael, your point is right, that just further makes the point of the underlying strength of the business.
Michael Hoffman: Right.
Donald Slager: right? Chuck made a point that our baseline free cash flow is really $1.3 billion. And then all the good work that the team is doing on restructuring recycling contracts, at some point, were going to gate that year-over-year impact to nothing, right? Were just going to  were going to move the risk over where it belongs and then we wont have that conversation anymore.
Michael Hoffman: So can we shift the price for a second? So I love the progress thats being made on both. What needs to change either within your control or macro that you can narrow the gap between the yield reported and the core thats being offered? Thats the ideal scenario, right? Is that gap closes overtime? What can you do to close that gap?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. Thats obviously us focused on maintaining that stickiness and increasing that stickiness with the customers, right, because what were talking about now is that what we have historically called churn. The difference between that yield in that core price. And then thats where all of the technology that Jon talked about and that connectivity with the customers really come into play.
Nicole Giandinoto: And then, Michael
Michael Hoffman: So what Im hearing is, youre tending to  Im sorry, go ahead, Nicole.
Nicole Giandinoto: I was going to say, the other thing that helped us and will continue to leverage in the future is the capture pricing tool.
Michael Hoffman: Right.
Nicole Giandinoto: Because as Chuck said, you increase the stickiness to reduce customer defection and then all your new units by leveraging the capture pricing tool, weve got that discipline to move with the market when we sell.
Donald Slager: Keep in mind, customer defection is at 7%.
Michael Hoffman: Yes.
Donald Slager: Thats pretty well below. Can we get to six? Weve been below seven before. Can we get it to five? Well see, right? But you have a certain amount of defection just from businesses failing, going bankrupt moving out of the country, et cetera. So that thats all in that number. So we start with a pretty low defection numberBut everything else were doing around all of our customer service initiatives, even fleet reliability, all the new technology, the RISE platform the Jon talked about, all that is to create differentiation in the product value. And can we gain more customers at a higher price? That goes hand in hand with  using the capture tool? Can we keep customers longer? That reduces this thing called churn over time?
Jon Vander Ark: It does. When I say differentiation helps us on both fronts. The other thing that is helping us is upward pressure on landfill pricing, which youve seen now for a number of cores in a row that weve done a good job with, right? We pass that right through to our collection company, right? And that collection company then is charging higher price than the Street. So were getting  were taking on customers at a higher price, which ultimately reduces the churn.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Thats close enough. Excuse me, I know there have been some media reports about some strikes that have been struck against your company in a number of your markets. Im just wondering if you  has there been any impact on your business in terms of extra costs to send in replacements, et cetera? Any color would be great?
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. No, yes. So first of all, were pro employee, thats where we start the conversation from a values basis. This has been incredibly narrow. This is one business unit in the Northeast, right? Its less than two dozen employees. And we are targeting good faith. Local team is doing a great job, right? And were hoping we get back to work soon.There has been a couple of one day events in a handful of markets. Good news is, customers are not disrupted. Were getting the recycling and garbage off the ground, right, in the Northeast and data in those minor kind of disturbances, right? And from a cost standpoint, its been nominal for the quarter.
Jeff Silber: Okay. I appreciate you putting that in perspective. My follow-up question, one of your competitors had mentioned, if you look at the different end markets, there seem to be a bit of a bifurcation between those that are more industrial-related like the special waste area and more  and those that are more consumer-focused. Im just wondering if youre seeing the same kind of different trends between those end markets? Thanks.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Well, just to put it in perspective, only less than 10% of our revenue is really tied to manufacturing. Were really tied more so to the consumer, right? So as we look at our various lines of business right now, were not seeing a lot of weakness in that manufacturing piece of the business that I talked about.Keep in mind also that, when you think about a manufacturer, you think about a plant, if they are going to do away with a shift or so  their waist doesnt go down to zero, right? They still need the waste service. They may just not needed as often. So that might be a little bit of a service decrease, but it would have a minor impact on our overall revenue.
Donald Slager: Yes, overall, we would say, the underlying economy is pretty, pretty strong. And, as Jon pointed out, certain parts of our business are event-driven. We see some fluctuations in construction with seasonality, some special waste. There are large events jobs that come and go. But, as you average through the year, were growing the business. We dont get too excited about seasonality and we dont get too excited about these episodic things.The fact is, weve got this great portfolio. Were across 42 states and 200-plus markets. And so, if theres a weather event, or a forest fire or work stoppage, or this or that, or whatever, this portfolio sort of kind of wins the day, and it always has and we think it always will. Its one of the benefits of being  having the size of scale we have. And then, of course, we lag.So if the economy gets a little soft, we kind of lag that, right? So sometimes we find ourselves just kind of working through these little blips that otherwise people get excited about. And our view now and our view for 2020 is, the economy is in a pretty good shape. And were well-positioned
Jeff Silber: Okay.
Donald Slager: across the markets and were going to get our share of the growth that we want to get.
Jeff Silber: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much. The color you provided on the solid returns from the solar investments was helpful. But I was hoping to kind of broaden the question to the general topic of sustainability commitments. You called out in your release, your environmental commitment to 35% greenhouse gas reduction by 2030. I believe some of the other sustainability goals you announced in July include increasing landfill biogas reuse, 40% increase in materials recovery.And I just want to understand maybe be helpful, as we think about your capital priorities and how they are aligning with the sustainability goals, how does that impact or what are the areas we should expect to see increasing focus on four capital deployments over the next few years? Besides the solar investment, what would you maybe call out in the 2020 CapEx plan or other investments youre making that address this?
Donald Slager: Yes. The first thing Id say is, we believe that environmental sustainability and economic sustainability needed to be tightly linked. So thats why were so passionate about restructuring the business model for recycling, because over time, were long on recycling and we want to be a major player in that space. But it has to have really attractive financial returns for us to continue to invest there, and were seeing that absolutely in given markets over time.So the market is moving there in a positive direction. I think youll see things like landfill gas energy projects over time, a place we meet, or place we further invest to meet the sustainability goals, and we put out ambitious goals for 2030. We dont have all the ticks and ties and all the plans to achieve every one of those items built out yet, because theyre ambitious goals and theyre more than a decade off. But we feel really good that were going to do those in a responsible way, value creating way. So that, not only is the environment winning, but the shareholders winning as well.
Chuck Serianni: And this isnt a one-time investment either that youre going to see all of a sudden pop into our CapEx, right? This is something that weve been doing over time, and its already baked into our cost structure. So there wont be any big blips on the radar relative to our investments in these areas.
Noah Kaye: I think thats helpful. Thank you. Maybe a little bit more near-term. Just want to understand based off of the M&A that you completed year-to-date, what is kind of the rollover revenue contribution to 2020? And is that basically whats assumed in this preliminary outlook?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, it is. So were about 70 basis points of revenue rolling into 2020. And then you get on top of that the revenue associated with the $200 million of investment where were saying were going to make in 2020.
Noah Kaye: But  so  does  in other words, is your outlook assumes both of those and you assume some contribution from next years M&A as well?
Chuck Serianni: Thats right.
Noah Kaye: Okay.
Chuck Serianni: The 70 basis points rollover, plus the revenue impact of the $200 million of investment.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Okay, that  thats helpful. And then, you are  you kind of defined expectations for the recycling headwind for next year as well around $20 million. Are your processing fees now covering most of your third-party volumes? Is there further improvement opportunity there, or is it really now all about redoing the municipal contracts and improving the technology? What are the levers to pull that could maybe reduce this headwind assuming a constant commodities environment?
Chuck Serianni: Right. So I think that we made really good progress in terms of the pricing initiatives and in converting to the processing fee. Right now, the processing facilities themselves are  continue to be profitable. And we continue to look at that profitability in those fees, so that we can get what we consider to be an appropriate return on this facility. So, weve got a little ways to go in that regard. And then we still have conversations that we need to have with our municipalities to get them to convert over to these processes.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. And were marching into City Hall every day. And I think the good news is a lot of conversations in flight and the nature of the conversations is turning, I think a year ago, it was staff pushing back on us. And now we are here staff inviting us in saying, I want to make sure that recycling is sustainable in my community. Lets go on to gather to talk to the elected officials, because ultimately, we need to get more pricing to the curb to make this sustainable for the long-term.
Noah Kaye: Yes, makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I will turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Donald Slager: Thank you, operator. In closing, we are pleased with our third quarter performance. Through the relentless operational execution of our employees, we achieved strong pricing, 60 basis points of underlying margin expansion and continued grow  growth of both earnings and free cash flow. The momentum in our business is strong. The economic backdrop remains supportive of continued growth in 2020.As always, we will continue to manage the business to create a long-term value for all stakeholders, including our employees, customers, communities and shareholders. I want to thank all of the Republic employees, everyone on our team for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thanks for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and please be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services' Second Quarter 2019 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, and Treasurer.
Nicole Giandinoto: Thank you, Alison. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' second quarter 2019 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance.I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 25, 2019.Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes the GAAP reconciliation table and the discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call are all available on Republic's Web site at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, time, and presentations are posted on our Web site.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are extremely pleased with our second quarter results, which clearly demonstrate the underlying strength of our business. During the quarter, we successfully priced in excess of our cost inflation, achieved EBITDA margin expansion of 50 basis points, and increased earnings per share by 8%. We expect the strong momentum in the first-half of the year to continue. As a result, we are reaffirming our original full-year EPS and free cash flow guidance provided, in February, despite continued declines in recycled commodity prices.During the second quarter commodity markets continued to be challenged. We overcame these headwinds by focusing our efforts on things we can control, in particular, transitioning to a more durable, economically sustainable recycling business model. As you'll hear from Jon, we are making good progress and seeing results. For example, the revenue and EBITDA impact of lower recycled commodity prices in the second quarter was $8 million. Because of the team's relentless efforts we overcame this headwind and increased recycling revenue 6% versus the prior year. In the second quarter, we invested $129 million in acquisitions to further enhance our leading market position and drive growth in free cash flow.Our currency pipeline continues to be strong. As a result, we now expect to invest approximately $550 million in acquisitions this year. We estimate these acquisitions net of divestitures will provide 125 to 150 basis points of top line revenue growth in 2019. During the quarter, we also continued our balanced approach of returning cash to shareholders. We returned $213 million through dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, our Board approved an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend, in line with our 10-year dividend CAGR. The consistent growth in the dividend demonstrates the stability and predictability of our cash flow as well as our confidence in the future cash flow generation capabilities of our business.Through the consistent execution of our profitable growth through differentiation strategy, we have created a solid foundation for our business. We are leveraging this foundation to deliver results and increased long-term shareholder value. Our second quarter results clearly demonstrate this. Next, turning to our people, in recent years our efforts to create an environment that attracts and retains the best talent have been recognized by reputable third parties such as Barron's, EpiSphere, and Glassdoor. Most recently, Republic Services was named to Forbes List of Best Employers for Women. I'd like to thank our team for their relentless efforts to create a more inclusive culture and an environment in which all individuals feel welcomed and valued.Finally, we believe as we grow the business so does our potential to drive change and positively impact the environment and society overall. We know we can do more, and are raising the bar through our latest long-term sustainability goals which we announced last week. Through the pursuit and achievement of these goals we will further enhance the foundation of our business and continue to create long-term value for our employees, our customers, communities, and shareholders.I'll now turn the call over to Jon to discuss our second quarter operating performance. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Don. The pricing environment in the second quarter remained strong. Total core price was 4.6%, and average yield was 2.8%. Core price included open market pricing of 5.5%, and restricted pricing of 3.1%. Our pricing continues to benefit from the use of our tablet-based pricing tool. Through this tool we are monitoring price elasticity and adjusting accordingly.Additionally, we are benefiting from the advancement of several other strategic initiatives. First, we continue to successfully convert customers from CPI-based pricing to a waste-related index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and continue to run higher than CPI. We have now converted $715 million or 29% of our $2.5 billion CPI-based book of business.Next, we regularly reassess our landfill pricing to ensure we are covering the total lifetime cost of managing the ways to accept. Third, we are proactively renegotiating our municipal recycling collection contracts. We are ensuring they reflect the true costs of recycling and include a more equitable risk sharing arrangement. We've now secured price increases from approximately 29% of our municipal recycling customers up from 21% in the first quarter and finally, we're increasing our customer's willingness to pay by providing superior service and leveraging technology to make it easier for them to do business with us.Turning to volume, total volume in the second quarter increased 10 basis points versus the prior year. Underlying volume growth was 80 basis points after normalizing the impact of intentionally shutting certain volumes. This included work performed on behalf of brokers and non-regrettable contract losses in residential collection business.During the quarter, recycled commodity prices continue to decline. Our average price per ton decreased 14% to $78 versus $91 in the prior year. This resulted in an approximately $8 million or $0.02 headwind versus the prior year. We offset the impact of lower commodity prices through additional pricing and increased recycling revenue in the second quarter by 6% versus the prior year. Our ability to increase revenue and overcome these headwinds demonstrates that we are transforming the recycling business into a more durable economically sustainable business model.In our recycling processing business, we have now secured price increases on approximately 55% of our contracted volumes up from 34% in the first quarter. In our collections business as I mentioned earlier, we continue to proactively secure price increases and renegotiate our municipal contracts. Additionally in the collection open market, our recycling processing charge is enabling us to recover our processing costs and minimize volatility from changes in recycle commodity prices.This change contributed to - this charge contributed an additional 40 basis points of pricing not reflected in average yield. If included average yield would have been 3.2%. These results demonstrate that our customers do value recycling and are willing to pay for the service. Finally, our adjusted EBITDA margin in the second quarter was 27.9% and expanded 50 basis points versus the prior year. Strong pricing and solid cost controls enabled us to more than offset a 20 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices. We saw good operating leverage in both labor and maintenance again this quarter. Both of these costs as a percentage of revenue decreased versus the prior period.Labor expenses benefiting from our focus on process and running efficiencies as well as our efforts to increase employee engagement; turnover decrease versus the prior year for the second quarter in a row. Maintenance expense continues to benefit from our One Fleet standardized maintenance program. Today, approximately 90% of our work orders are scheduled. This enables us to take the reliability of our fleet to the next level and further improve our already high customer service delivery rate of 99.9%. By providing even better service to our customers, we can further enhance customer loyalty and increase willingness to pay.With that, I will now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our second quarter financial results in greater detail.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Jon. Second quarter revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, an increase of $88 million or 3.5% over the prior year. Revenue growth was primarily driven by strong pricing across our collection, disposal and recycling processing businesses. Our revenue growth came in at an incremental EBITDA margin of over 40%.SG&A expense as a percentage of total revenue was 10.1%. For the full-year, we continue to expect SG&A expense to be approximately 10.4% of revenue. During the quarter, we grew EBITDA dollars by 5% versus the prior year and expanded EBITDA margins by 50 basis points.For the full-year, we continue to expect approximately 30 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion in line with our original guidance. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $621 million, and in line with our expectations. Cash flow generation in the first-half of the year positions us well to achieve our original full-year guidance. At the end of the quarter, leverage was three times, and within our optimal range of 2.5 to 3 times. Interest expense in the second quarter was $99 million, and included $12 million of non-cash amortization.In the second quarter, relative to our expectations, cash related expense was favorable by $0.01. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24%, and provided a $0.04 benefit. This was partially offset by a $0.03 cash related headwind from a non-cash charge of $12 million. For the full-year, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23%, 100 basis points lower than our original guidance, and a non-cash charge of approximately $60 million, which is consistent with our original guidance. Finally, as Don mentioned, we are reaffirming our original full-year financial guidance provided in February, which included EPS of $3.23 to $3.28, and free cash flow of $1.125 billion to $1.175 billion.We're assuming current economic conditions continue and recycled commodity prices remain at current levels of approximately $75 per ton for the remainder of the year. Relative to our original guidance, the decline in recycled commodity prices has created a headwind of approximately $50 million or $0.11 of earnings. We're offsetting these commodity headwinds primarily through strong pricing and solid cost management.At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Don Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey, nice quarter. But Chuck, so I dont want to dwell on the guidance too much, but it seems like there's quite a bit of movement here. So like if we look at this from a high level, and let's say we started at the midpoint of 326, you're going to reduce that by some recycling prices, you add back some from incremental M&A, maybe you take away some because you're doing less of a buyback because of that M&A. And then maybe you're getting a few pennies back on the tax rate, but basically is that -- are those the moving pieces, and if I do all of that math is there really any change in the core trends is really my question?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, I think you got the component pieces, Tyler. I mean, you talked about the commodities being a little bit more of a headwind than we had originally anticipated. We continue to do good work in terms of recycling processing charges and improvements there. Certainly cost control has been a good story for us. The other thing is pricing. And pricing is coming in a little bit stronger than we had originally guided to. And we believe right now that that's going to continue for the rest of the year.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And then on the M&A side though, it sounds like you're raising the expectations there, that's correct, right?
Chuck Serianni: That's correct.
Tyler Brown: So that would be a positive. And then maybe you're taking some of the capital from buybacks to the M&A, is that correct?
Chuck Serianni: That's also correct.
Tyler Brown: Okay, so --
Chuck Serianni: And as you know, Tyler, and as we've said to you before especially when you're doing midyear type acquisitions you spend a little bit of money to get things integrated, so there's not a ton of bottom line benefit in the first year, but great rollover benefit in the next year, but there'll be some benefit, and as we said in the comments, surely going to drive some top line revenue growth from that as well.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And Don, so $550 million, if I go back to my notes, I mean that must be one of the strongest M&A years that we've seen in a long time maybe outside of the Tervita year, but what's really driving the strength there, are these chunkier deals or are they just a lot of small tuck-ins?
Don Slager: Well, there's a couple of chunky ones in there. Again, as we've always said to you, that one, we're going to remain opportunistic, right, we're going to remain flexible with our balance sheet and keep our debt and the leverage where it needs to be. We've got plenty of dry powder to do good deals at the right price. When it comes down to buying good cash flow, good consistent, reliable cash flow at the right multiple we'll do that in exchange of buying in the shares. So that's always been our model. But we dont overpay, we dont overspend. If you take a look at what's happening under the hood with our ROI we're driving in the right direction, so you can see that these investments are paying off in the long-run.And so all things that are well within our footprint and our ability and our team's core competence, so it's all good stuff. And we're going to continue to do it. $550 million will be an outsized year compared to the years past. I think we started this year at $200 million, and then boosted it to $300 million, 400 million I guess pretty quickly. So yeah, $550 million is a good number for us, and we'll talk more about what we think the pipeline looks like when we see you in October, for next year.
Tyler Brown: Okay and then -- and so maybe my last one here, so Don, just a bigger picture question. So we saw the release around the 2030 sustainability goals, really appreciate all that.
Don Slager: You bet.
Tyler Brown: But I want to talk about two of the goals that were in there, that I surmise both have a sustainable and maybe a direct financial impact. So first, can you talk about some of the specific plans to cut the reportable injuries in half just particularly given that it's kind of hung around these levels the last few years despite your side loader adoption. And then secondly, your employment engagement scores, they have been flipping just a little bit, not a lot, but a little bit over the past couple of years. Can you talk about maybe why and then how you plan to get those up, but those two pieces
Don Slager: Well, sure. First of all, I think, look, when you look at what's happening just above and beyond just engagement, all the other sort of cultural impacts we're having, I think we're having a -- and Jon mentioned in his commentary a lower turnover now for the second quarter, right, or two quarters in a row. So it's continued focus. And I would tell you that having turnover that's flattish to down in this economy is a much bigger story than we probably mentioned on the call, right. So the combination of some of the fleet reliability stuff that Jon and the team have delivered on, the focus on safety, late leadership training, we've invested in frontline leadership training, we have all of our frontline supervisors coming through this building. And some of them now come through for the second time, but we're seeing really good trends develop underneath. And those trends have to continue. And again these things, this is sort of a long-term aspirational goal, but we're very confident. Let me have Jon add a few things.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so on the safety piece; I think technology is going to be a huge play for us. Cameras is the most immediate venture on that front, but then if you think longer-term and you compare commercial vehicles to passenger cars we are at the very early stages of a lot of technology that's already available in passenger cars, and pushing very hard our vendors to build that into the equipment going forward. And they all have that as their product roadmaps, and things like active safety lane assist, all those things will help us become safer. And then on engagement, we are rising -- our workforce are becoming digital mitas [ph] and that will be an increasing percentage of our workforce.And as we put technology, and we dont think about that singularly, we think about making our customers lives better. We're also thinking about making our employees' lives better. And as we've done that, a lot of investments historically on the sales force we've seen that with engagements with them, they are more engaged, they are more connected, their lives are easier and better. And we think we're going to see the same thing in the operating side of the business as we roll more technology to that part of our workforce.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. I know those are long-term goals, but I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Don Slager: You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good afternoon everyone, and congrats on the progress on transforming the recycling business. Just a couple of questions, on the landfill side, the volume growth was really strong there at up about 6%, just wondering if there's any one-time kind of special waste benefits in there, anything kind of unusual you would call out in that solid growth there?
Don Slager: Yes, I think landfill has been very strong on both price and volume, so good sign of economy, and I think also good sign of our leadership in that area where we continue to raise prices on landfills. We know that these are expensive assets, hard to operate own, and we want to think about the total lifecycle of everything that we bring in and are pricing accordingly, and also seeing the volume growth associated with that. So, it's been a good story for us.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, there's nothing really there that's going to -- it's a tough comp from last year or for next year.
Don Slager: It's good solid across the board.
Brian Maguire: Okay, and then just sort of a little bit on the flip side, collection volume seemed like they - and I understand you're shedding some broker business, some of this is non-regrettable, but it seems like it flipped a little bit and continues to kind of underperform the industry a little bit, just any comments you have on general trends there outside of the broker business?
Don Slager: Well, no, I would say that there was one sizable loss - a customer loss in the quarter, a large national account with garbage that was just too heavy for the amount of price they wanted to pay, right. And so, that does happen. We're going to continue to again have non-regrettable losses, and so nothing unusual, nothing has changed with -- I think the market and nothing really changed with our strategy, it's just timing, it's a little bit lumpy from time to time.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then just on the input costs. The one that seem like it ticked back up again was just some of the disposal costs and leachate. It's been kind of a problem for a lot of the industry. Just any color you can give on what - how those are trending into 3Q and the back-half of the year, as we expect sort of continued margin headwinds on leachate?
Don Slager: Yes, I think you're right on the landfill operator, particularly leachate. Listen, we suffer from weather and we've had a couple of wet seasons that doesn't come out of the landfill immediately, but it does over time. I think you'll see that trend, that cost, that trend move favorably going forward, and while we continue to maintain a pretty robust pricing environment.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thank you for taking the questions. Actually if I could just follow up on the previous question, so you got about $10 million, it looks like in price realization on the landfill and I'm just applying the yield growth to the landfill business. And the leachate costs also went up about $10 million. So obviously getting 1.7% yield is better than it had been in the past, but just a view of tightening disposal capacity, and these cost pressures, could this be an area where maybe you can push price a little bit more and we can going to see it tick up passed the 2% range?
Chuck Serianni: Well, let me take the high level and Jon give you some background. But if you look at the results in the quarter and you look at our landfill pricing trends and, you look at to your point, the ultimate long-term scarcity and difficulty of owning and operating landfill business. Yes there are, pricing has been trending up in landfill space. And certainly believe there is more room for pricing in landfill space. And then specifically to the cost of leachate, that's the kind of thing that you answer real cost that ultimately will pass back through to the market, and the market is willing to pay for it, because again these landfills are ultimately still few and far between. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, let me add. There is a natural lag, right, the cost hit us immediately and we can't price immediately, where we price typically over 30, 60, 90-day environment, sometimes a little bit longer depending on the contract. We are raising our environmental recovery fee, because as we see cost increase, we are going to price ahead of that cost.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And roughly, how much does that add in that recovery fee?
Chuck Serianni: Well, that's going to be a future period thing that we've talked about. So standby, we'll talk about how that's impacting us in October, when we talk about future.
Noah Kaye: Okay.
Nicole Giandinoto: And the benefits of that are contemplated in the guidance.
Noah Kaye: Yes, and I don't want to take away from what you did in this quarter. I mean your price - your total price was ahead of your total operating cost inflation, which is impressive. And I think if we just look at some of these cost items, you held your maintenance flat year-over-year. And so I guess the question is, if that's really from one fleet, is this kind of level of holding the line on maintenance and some of these items sustainable, how should we think about that?
Don Slager: Well, think about some of the comments that Jon shared with you guys, schedule maintenance is now 90%. That means unscheduled maintenance is 10%. So reactive maintenance now is -- we only spend a certain or very small amount of our time on reactive maintenance. So think about what they need that downtime to drive satisfaction, the customer service, the safety and all the implications not to mention just fleet cost, right. So thats been a long road for us to roll out one fleet but we started on the other end of that where we were 20% scheduled, now we're break over our goal of 80%. So that has now become a durable process in the company, right. So that's ongoing. You were seeing some nice things about the price traction and the price consistently that we got don't overlook the fact that in the restricted market, we got over 3% price.So the team's been long working at turning around that restricted book of business, which was kind of the bane of my existence for a couple of years, right. And now we've got that book performing at 3% price. So it just goes to show you the way this business works, it takes time to get these things up and running. They've got a long-term benefit, they do find their stride and we tell you were going to do something, we're going to do it and we've got a couple of great examples here that all those things are coming to fruition.
Noah Kaye: Okay, excellent. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Im just curious on the second-half, could you just give us anything in terms of how we should be thinking Q3 versus Q4. I mean you definitely got the operating leverage in the second quarter but margin in the first-half. First-half last year are still flat. So we're expecting some more leverage it seems like in the second-half, is there anything that kind of help pass through how should think about the third quarter versus the fourth quarter?
Don Slager: Yes, I think that we are expecting margin improvement in both the third and the fourth quarter but most of that's going to come through in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind also that in the fourth quarter of last year, the margins were a little bit lower there with 27.4%, so when we talk about that margin expansion for the second-half of the year. Like I said, a lot of that will come through Q4.
Michael Feniger: And Chuck just on the $550 million for acquisitions. How much is actually its peaked into 2019. Clearly you must have some line of sight to be able to put that number out. How much is that is actually going to be baked and you think to 2019?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, in terms of the Op income you mean or in terms of the revenue. So its going to have very little impact in terms of the margins. Obviously, it's going to improve the dollars but very little impact on the margins just because of the ramp-up time because of the time it takes to get the synergies out of those acquisitions. The true tailwind associated with those acquisitions will come in 2020.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And just lastly, I know its splitting hairs but like average yield last quarter was the highest in a decade, it ticked down a little bit. How do we think about that that number in the back-half? I mean I know comps get a little tougher but how do we think about in the back-half. And why don't we include the processing fee, I think that was taking you above 3%. Is that just because that number is just a quarter is not sustainable, why don't we actually include that processing fee and some of the actual recycling within that number? Thank you.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, that processing fee actually fluctuates with the price of commodities. And so what we didn't want to do is introduce that volatility into our yield, right. In terms of the yield it does tick up and down a little bit. There's a little bit of volatility associated with it but as we think at the back-half of the year, we think it's going to be relatively consistent.
Don Slager: In yield there is always a little bit of a mix, right. There is some mix geographically, there's mix by line of business by market by market vertical. That's always the business, we are always going to have that. But remember you're always getting the benefit because we're in this pricing environment and we're in this pricing reset environment when it comes to pricing differently than CPI, and also now re-pricing the book of business around recycling. So you're going to have that running out ahead of you. In other words, we're going to have this rollover benefit as we re-price contracts now with better contract structure and terms that we negotiated last year, this first quarter and second quarter.So as we keep anniversarying new quarters, that's going to kind start catching up. So you're going to have that benefit out in the future. And one more point in that. That's what's fair for customers, right, it's good for us because we don't have this crazy that we talk about that that's what's real and is fair to customers and it helps us sell that to customers, who is trying to still partner with them and doing what's right for the environment, something they can get their mind around.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Excuse me, in your prepared remarks you pointed out that the incremental margins you got on the revenue growth I think were over 40%. You haven't seen those numbers in quite a while. I'm just curious how sustainable you think that is and where that might normalize over time. Thanks.
Don Slager: Okay, well, I'm not sure what that was. But look what we've told you for a long time that when the business is working sort of normally that we do bring in new business in and around that 40% margin, that's not new to us. Yes, it's been, it hasn't been that high lately but you've got a robust environment, right, so pricing strong, you've got consumer sentiment is good. Consumer spending is good. All these things point in the right direction, you've got job growth, you've got wage growth, all these things that that helped the price war. You've got certain amount of volume growth that helps drive pricing up. So we've got the tools deployed, when you first interest capture I mean years ago that, Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Five.
Don Slager: Yes, so we have got five years now of integrating that and making that sort of the way we do business. The adoption rates are 100% right. So all of those things working in a good work, in a good environment and as a result we get. So as long as you have that kind of a backdrop, that's what we'll have.
Jeff Silber: Okay, great. That's helpful. And I know when we kind of look at the broader economy, you mentioned the consumer is very strong but we're not seeing those kind of numbers on the industrial side or the commercial side as much. I'm just curious from your exposure there. What are your customers telling you, are you seeing the kind of weakness that we're seeing in some of the broader economic indicators?
Don Slager: Well, we're seeing a little bit of softness in the Midwest in the Great Lakes and some of those areas, we're still seeing strong economies of East and West. So we've got a lot of good in case we look at special waste strong. We think that's a great indicator of future projects, we see again more service increases and decreases, there's a lot of good data in our system that we track that still paints a pretty positive future and when there's a little softness here or there, that could be related to a number of things. But we're not too concerned about that right now.
Jeff Silber: All right. That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, thank you very much. I just want to make sure that point of clarity here. I mean you had 3.2% price increase yield in the landfill side of MSW which is where the bulk of the leachate gets generated, that's expensive. So that's more than covering which you need to do and from the margin leverage of that all the way through the revenues and inflation and you're getting pricing leverage on the part of the business that has the worst part of the leverage from leachate?
Don Slager: Yes, so we're getting leverage on that piece of the business, Michael. Youre right about that. But we need to get leverage on the entire landfill book. And as Jon mentioned, the leachate costs continue to rise and we need to make sure that we're getting an appropriate return on that entire asset. So there's still some work to do there.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. On the revenues, the $550 million that you want to spend, you spent $180 million in the first-half, that means $370 million, when you gave the number in the beginning Don. And I'm going to ask you if you'd repeat it. We didn't write it down fast enough. What are you assuming in the current outlook that that converts to and booked revenues in 2019?
Don Slager: Yes, 1.25% to 1.5% top line.
Michael Hoffman: Top line and that and you've spent the whole $550 million, can you tell that or okay.
Nicole Giandinoto: We did the remainder over the second-half.
Don Slager: Yes, we havent spent it all yet but we'll spend it.
Michael Hoffman: But the assumption in the 1.25%, 1.5% is the whole $550 million spend?
Don Slager: Yes, right. So we'll give a free type system here on deals in pipeline deals and process deals under contract. So we got pretty idea where we are. So high level of confidence in that number, we wouldn't give it to you.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And no, no I get that. I just wanted to understand. So what do you think the rollover into 2020 for acquisition on January 1, you have in hand was contributing related to the acquisition?
Nicole Giandinoto: I would say because the incremental growth on that is 50% that would roll in because if you think of the $550 million we're about halfway through that. So we have half of that contribution to top line growth rollover.
Don Slager: We're talking revenue. We're not giving you guidance on margin and yes that comes in there.
Michael Hoffman: No, no just trying to understand, what the revenue rollover is, yes just trying to understand what the revenue rollover is.
Don Slager: And this was my point earlier, right. I mean especially when we're having kind of robust second-half M&A activity, really nice rollover into next year, right. Thats a good thing to have.
Michael Hoffman: And with it comes operating leverage on that rollover. So it excludes the momentum, so that is the point of this. Okay.
Don Slager: Thank you very much.
Michael Hoffman: All right. And then its all solid waste?
Don Slager: Its not all solid waste. It's all waste, its all environmental service, it's all the industrial waste, it's all stuff that we kind of do now and stuff that we're good at and it's all within our capability set, we spent a lot of money this year on some things around E&P in environmental industrial stuff. So it's a basket of things, right, but nothing, nothing outside what I would call our core capability.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And at Expo, Brian offered up that you were looking at industrial liquids as an opportunity because basically you have a skill set there. Can you do somewhat leachate processing, so that that would fit into that bill as well that you might find?
Don Slager: Yes, look I mean here is the thing, right. When no different than when we first introduced to the fact that we were going to invest in that right now. Our timing was in the best on that deal but it turned out to be pretty nice for us. It's delivered good returns for us. And what I told already then was, look, this is about what's it about transportation, it's trucking, it's material handling, it's disposal, it's engineering, it's land management, it's landfill expansion, it's environmental service, it's all the kind of thing we do. We take in that business, we learn everything we need to know about it, we've expanded, we've made it a better business and then what happens is that opens you up to some additional capability, right.So we're not going to go very far from what we do well because that does make sense. So we're slowly looking at other opportunities the one you mentioned is an opportunity in the space, right. So just like I always about M&A in solid waste, we look at everything. We take a look at how it lays over our capability and our footprint. And then we look at the cash returns and we compare the cash returns of that M&A and our capability to run it against the returns on buying back our stock. And it's kind of that simple but just like we did a great job with Tervita, just like we're doing a great job turning the recycling business around. We've got capacity beyond just dumping two yards and four yards, right, really good that by the way.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. Yep, you are pretty good at it. Last question from me, based on all if the commodities all stay right where they are and all the things you're doing will you on a run rate basis fully offset all of the headwinds including the first-half incremental headwind going into next year that you'll get, I don't, we don't have to talk about recycling if the commodity stay right here as far as headwind?
Nicole Giandinoto: Well, what I say, Michael, just to clarify, so in 2019 all of the year-over-year commodity headwinds that we're experiencing were more than offsetting through pricing. So were improving the profitability of the recycling business overall. If you know as far as 2020 goes, we'll talk about that more in October.
Don Slager: But having said that, if you listen, if you reread the prepared remarks, we're making progress on every front, in fact were making progress on moving those contracts de risking and recycling is many fast food business but we're making progress on every fronts of recycling. So we are on a path, right, not only to sort of ultimate overcome a deficit we've created for ourselves but we're on a path to the de-risk the business to a point where we're not going to spend a lot of time talking about it anymore, right. We're going to grow it, we may shrinking a little bit here and there, to grow it, but we're going to, we're going to be able to grow it and run it and do a great job for customers environment without having to talk about all this crazy volatility that exists.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So I think that opened up one quite more question from me, sorry. So the Plano, Texas facility was Michael that's sort of, that's sort of an example of opportunity where lower labor because of the technology we're bringing to bear there.
Don Slager: Well, it's a combination of applying new technology and know-how with a customer who values recycling is willing to pay and willing to take their fair share of the risk. It's a combination of all those things so that may not be the case for every customer, but certainly it was people point they value enough to come to the table and we were looking for a great partner and they found in us. So we're going to continue to push our model and the model works. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, allows us to do two things, will take out about half of the labor in a tight unemployment environment that becomes important because that sort of job is can be a tough one to fill it also helps us produce about better product, the technology produces a cleaner product on the end and therefore we think bringing in a little more from what we saw on the back door that facility.
Michael Hoffman: Terrific, thank you.
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, guys, compliments to the team on the first-half and really nice work.
Don Slager: Thanks Jon.
Sean Eastman: Yes. The first question from me is just in light of the first-half sort of price, volume being ahead of expectations and you guys are saying you expecting that momentum to carry into the second-half I think we came into the year with a 2.75% average yield guide and then volume outlook of flat to up 25 bps. I'm just wondering, is that still the algorithm that we're trending to here or is, is that not the way we should be modeling anymore.
Chuck Serianni: I would say that on the yield side, we're probably a little bit higher than the original guidance, maybe something a little bit closer to 3 and then on the volume side, maybe a little bit lower than what we had originally guided to maybe something slightly negative, so -- but net-net in good in good position here for the rest of the year.
Sean Eastman: Okay, that's helpful. And then next one is just on the acquisition $200 million and $550 million. Definitely not a insignificant change versus initial expectations. So I just wanted to get a little bit more color on, on how you guys came that far. I mean is it just a function of timing or is there some sort of change in behavior in terms of your acquisition targets.
Don Slager: Well, it's mostly timing, right, and we start the year we've got a pretty good view of the pipeline, but things develop over time. So remember it went from 200 to 400 to 550. So anyway, the point is we locked it up, and so we know we know we share what we know and we give you numbers that we're confident in, and then as the world moves we've been able to move it up, but some deals maybe move faster than we thought in some deals came to market that we're in the market when we first give you guide to February, Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I mean I know the team has done a great job. We've invest in resources and we become a preferred buyer and I would say, we've got a higher number of referrals to buy companies than we ever have, because our that's were employee engagement comes back, we treat the employees that we acquire with dignity and respect, and they understand this is a great place to work, and owners care about money, but they don't care just about the money, they also care about legacy and our people are going to take care of the businesses they built and we've proven ourselves to be very good stewards of the business they're selling to us.
Sean Eastman: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And just last one from me leverage at three times. I think you guys said at the end of the quarter. I'm just wondering kind of later in the cycle where maybe at the higher end of the leverage target, does this mean you guys sort of cool your jets, a little bit at this point or I'm just wondering how you guys are thinking about that.
Don Slager: Well, look, we've kept our leverage at our target leverage now for our over the quarters when we did have very intentionally, right. So we continue to do the work continuing to year. On the debt portfolio, we continue the work on what we think optimum leverage looks like, continue to look at all the other outlooks , that we should look at understand our leverage and we do that consistently, we have a lot of the structural our Board around that. We still think the target is that Optimum is between 2.5 to 3 and frankly more optimally 3. So again if when we're buying cash flow, right, we're growing the business that obviously allows us to actually increase our absolute debt, but still maintain our leverage ratio. So it's just, that's just math. So as long as you're buying really good cash flow at the right multiple with the right returns. We've got frankly a lot of dry powder to do that. There really is no limits on us from that perspective.
Sean Eastman: Yes, that makes sense. All right guys, congrats again. And thanks for the time.
Don Slager: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Derek Spronck of RBC. Please go ahead.
Derek Spronck: Okay, thank you for taking my questions. Just first off, sorry to belabor the acquisition pipeline, but does it 550 make any assumptions around potential divestitures of advanced disposals from the acquisition there.
Don Slager: No, it does not.
Derek Spronck: Okay. In I guess it's still pretty early but, do you see that elevated potential M&A environment carrying forward into 2020 as it stands now. And then on top of that the potential divestitures as well.
Don Slager: Well, it's too early to talk about 2020 again, we'll give you our preliminary outlook in October, and we'll show of that guidance in February. It's a robust. It's a robust pipeline. I will say that and again it's activity is usually driven by sort of similar situations in life changing events and other things that occur. So there is nothing we're really doing to out there and say people to sell, it's all about being there people are ready. And as Jon said, being the right kind of company that people want to sell to. And of course maintaining our flexibility financially to do deals and integrate those quickly.So, and then as far as the mandated divestitures from the big merger that's been announced, I think it's too early to talk about that. I think from what I know there are still in second request and they've got some work to do, and they publicly said what their target range is for divestitures. You can probably all imagine that we've got a pretty good handle on markets across for at least 48 states. And that when deals like that come to market, we're pretty good at assessing what opportunity might be there for us, or where certain market positions might be something we're interested in. So there might be an opportunity there for us and others, and I'm sure my counterpart at the big green company, Houston has his phone ringing off the wall, with people who want to buy those assets.
Derek Spronck: Okay, that's great color. Thanks, Don. How is the competition for these from the -- are the buyers that you're competing against for potential some of the more attractive assets. And they remain relatively rational or is it a pretty competitive in terms of acquisitions versus your peers there?
Don Slager: I would say, yes, and yes, it's competitive and it's rational. In the end, there's always a mix. You may have to pay more for something that comes with real estate, a permit, a landfill certainly infrastructure, a platform type acquisition in a new market you're trying to expand and into those things that come at a higher purchase price, then a tuck-in. Tuck-ins come at a very nice value and are very quick to turn around to producing cash flow and so on, but -- so competitive, yes, and rational still, yes. There are issues, there are times when may be certain thing comes to market or may be private equity comes into the program, things get a little squarely then. So - but you've seen by our by our pipeline and what we've done, we know we haven't chased deals. We've looked at just about every deal large and small, it's come to market and we haven't bought them all, because sometimes we're not the natural buyer. I think there's always a natural buyer, who has got - some time a leg up with synergy value et cetera on or market position that we don't have.So, we are a not natural buyer, we're always willing to pay the going price. Maybe it's somebody else's because of their current situation or willingness to believe in what they could do with the asset. And then there's sometimes there's a disrupter in there like private equity. But if you look at what we're paying for deals now last year, the year before that all really pretty rational. And that'll be still our MO as we go forward.
Derek Spronck: Okay, that's great. And then just one last one for myself if I could just on the restrictive markets and the move towards our Wastewater Sewer Index or is there CPI plus type of index. Do you think you'll be able to continue to increase that book of business on your ticket side toward the new index, I mean what happens if a customer just says no, I mean do you just revert back to the original pricing index and try again next time or do you walk away from a contract at that point?
Don Slager: Well, first of all, there's something really great about being the incumbent right because you've already made the capital investment, you know exactly the weight of the trash and the disposal cost and the cost of labor and all the situations that exist in the contract. So nobody knows the cost and the probability of the contractor in more than you do. So that's a good news, we're dealing people that we already have in our book of business.So we get to know what we're at. If you look at that the success that the team has had that Jon spoke of in his comments, we add to that book every quarter -- what do we have, Jon?. Okay, you know, so when we first went down that road, I would it can't be done, it can't be done. And now here we are a couple years in and we've converted basically 30% of it. So I think frankly when CPI is higher like it is now, it's actually easier to have the conversation with customers because you don't have this big CASM between this half percent CPI and the 3% we need to get out. So, if a customer flat out doesn't want, will not accept the fluctuation of an index, again this is a government index, it's not an index we made up. It's got a lot of science behind it. It makes sense that they would accept that and we negotiate for flat rates of 3% or better, its not sometimes it is 4% or better depending. And if the customer just frankly flat out doesn't make us a reasonable return, we cannot obviously keep that customer going forward in the current state. So we're returns based seller, right. The capture tool everything we do is based on the return and this is very capital intensive business, so sometimes we've got to go back in three or four times to get it.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, we have two things on our side, one we're relentless. So we just keep asking two, we're only asking for what's fair. We're asking for a reasonable increase that support our cost increase for employees who live and work in the communities in which we're negotiating. So that argument over time resonates we might not get it immediately because local government it takes time to get things done but we keep asking and we're really pleased with our progress and we do a really good job for customers, right. So, and having said all of that we're every now and then going to walk away from a piece of business because we just can't get there.
Derek Spronck: Okay. No, thanks for the added color, and congrats on a nice quarter, guys.
Don Slager: Thank you.
Chuck Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey guys, just, Don, you mentioned some softness in the Midwest. Just to be clear, is that something that has transpired recently. Is that something you picked up in June or tracking that way in July? And Chuck, just on the volume side being slightly negative this year, I know you're doing a lot of intention shedding. Is that just the intention shedding portion of the brokerage business that you guys were talking about or was it something underlying of why that might be more negative than what you guys kind of were expecting beginning of the year? Thanks.
Don Slager: Yes, I think the softness I think I would even say more of a slowdown or not being growth expectations. Certain parts of construction you see in the outside of Midwest, some of that's weather related. Right and we've seen some of those markets kind of bounce back to our expectations too. So I wouldn't read too much into that right now.
Chuck Serianni: In terms of the volume growth itself, we have walked away with business as Don mentioned we're very returns focused. So as you know our system begins to show up. We're looking for where we can get the best returns. And we've demonstrated an ability to redeploy assets if certain customers aren't giving us an appropriate return on our work, so that's part of it also.
Don Slager: It's overall look we think we're getting our fair share of the business. We got great sales tools and pricing tools, we've got great pricing internal controls working for our benefit. Again don't lose sight of really strong and crystal clear yield that we report and low churn and improving ROI. I mean those are the results of that kind of internal control environment that Chuck described right. So and again as always, there's always a little bit lumpiness in our business, you lose one big national account and it does ding your revenue growth when your slow growth business like us and if you net all this out, I mean we're growing like we say that we typically do. It's population growth that drives growth in our business. And if you kind of net some of these things we're right on top of that. So we're feeling pretty good about it.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Alison. In closing we are extremely pleased with our second quarter performance and well-positioned to achieve our original full-year financial guidance. Our teams let us focus on operational execution, the passion of our customers enable us to deliver these results.Thank you to everybody. We expanded EBITDA margins by 50 basis points and grew earnings per share by 8%. And then finally, we increased the quarterly dividend by 8% again demonstrating our continued commitment to increase cash returns to shareholders, and also shows our confidence in the cash flow generating capabilities of this business. The team did a great job this year. Thank you everybody. Thank you Republic team. Thank you for spending time with us today. Those of you on the phone, have a good evening, and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2019 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2019 conference call. Don Slager, our President and CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our COO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contain forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 25, 2019. Please note that, this call is the property of Republic Services Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release which includes the GAAP reconciliation table; and the discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, time and presentations are posted on our website. Finally, I'd like to point out that in our 8-K filing we've included the table that reflects changes in average yield and volume as a percentage of total revenue by line of business. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with our strong start to the year. We continue to realize the benefits of executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation, which includes strengthening our market position, attracting and retaining the best people, enhancing the customer experience to increase willingness to pay, and leveraging our scale and technology to drive additional efficiencies in our business. As a result in the first quarter, both earnings and free cash flow are in line with our expectations. Through strong pricing, we were able to offset a $0.01 headwind from lower-than-anticipated recycle commodity prices. For the full year, we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS and adjusted free cash flow guidance, assuming current economic conditions continue. The strong momentum in our business will enable us to offset the additional $0.06 headwind from lower-than-anticipated recycling commodity prices. In the first quarter, we continued our balanced approach to capital allocation to increase long-term shareholder value. We invested $86 million in acquisitions. We sustained this momentum into the second quarter and have invested an additional $56 million for a total of $142 million of investment to date. This puts us on track to outpace our original acquisition guidance of $200 million. We now expect to invest approximately $300 million for the full year. During the quarter, we also returned $233 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. I'll now turn the call over to Jon to discuss our first quarter operating performance. Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Don. The pricing environment in the first quarter was strong. Total core price was 4.7% and average yield was 2.9% our highest pricing level in nearly a decade. We achieved this pricing, while also sustaining our all-time low customer defection rate below 7%. The progress we are making on key initiatives is contributing to our ability to increase prices and retain customers. First, we continue to focus on providing superior service to our customers and making it easier for them to do business with us. Next, we are successfully converting customers from CPI based pricing to a waste related index or fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and continue to run higher than CPI. To date, $685 million of our $2.5 billion book of business has been converted. Finally, we continue to discuss the true cost of recycling with our municipal collection customers as we renegotiate contracts. To date, we've secured price increases from approximately 21% of our municipal collection customers. In terms of dollars we have now reprised approximately 17% of our municipal recycling collection revenue. Turning to volume. As anticipated total volume in the first quarter decreased 1.5% versus the prior year. We faced several known volume headwinds in the quarter. These included a difficult special waste comp in the prior year, continued shedding of work performed on behalf of brokers and non-regrettable contract losses in the residential collection business. Excluding these items, underlying volume growth was 60 basis points and in line with our expectations. Next, our recycling processing and commodity sales revenue continued to experience downward pressure from further declines in recycled commodity prices. In the first quarter, our average recycled commodity price per ton decreased 17% to $93 down from $112 per ton in the prior year. Our April price per ton0 is estimated to be approximately $85. We continue to take action to transform recycling into a more durable economically sustainable business model and more importantly we are making progress and seeing results. Through the end of the first quarter we secured price increases on approximately 34% of our recycling processing business. Additionally, last year we rolled out an incremental recycling process charge to our open market collection customers to cover our increased costs. In the first quarter this contributed 35 basis points of pricing in addition to average yield. Combined, we achieved total pricing of 3.25%. These results demonstrate that our customers do value recycling and are willing to pay for the service. Finally, our adjusted EBITDA margin in the first quarter was 28.3%. We saw good operating leverage in the business, particularly in maintenance and labor. Both of these costs as a percentage of revenue decreased versus the prior year. Our maintenance expense continues to benefit from our One Fleet standardized maintenance program and our labor expense is benefiting from our focus on process and routing efficiencies, as well as our efforts to attract and retain the best people. In the first quarter, our industry-leading turnover decreased versus the prior year. Given the tight labor market this is a true testament to the culture we are building here at Republic. With that, I will now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our first quarter financial results in greater detail.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Jon. First quarter revenue was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $43 million or 1.8% over the prior year. Revenue growth was primarily driven by strong pricing across our collection, disposal and recycling processing businesses. Adjusted EBITDA was $699 million, and adjusted free cash flow was $349 million, both in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the first quarter was 28.3% in line with our full year guidance of 28.3% to 28.5%. As expected EBITDA margin decreased 50 basis points versus the prior year due to known headwinds. These headwinds included the expiration of C&D tax credits and a decrease in high-margin special waste volume due to the anniversary of a large event-driven project. We also continued to maintain our strong liquidity position and leverage within our optimal range of two and a half to three times. As of the end of the first quarter, we had $8.5 billion of debt outstanding and $1.7 billion of additional borrowing capacity available under our credit facilities. Interest expense in the first quarter was $100 million and included $11 million of non-cash amortization. In the first quarter tax related expense was a $0.01 headwind relative to expectations. The headwind was primarily due to higher-than-anticipated non-cash charges of $12 million, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate of 25%. For the full year, we continue to expect non-cash charges of $60 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 24% consistent with our original guidance. Finally, as Don mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance of $3.23 to $3.28 and our adjusted free cash flow guidance of $1.125 billion to $1.175 billion, despite a $0.07 headwind from lower-than-anticipated recycled commodity prices. For purposes of reaffirming guidance, we've assumed recycled commodity prices remain at current levels for the remainder of the year. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question today will be from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hi. Good afternoon.
Don Slager: Hi, Tyler. Good afternoon.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Congrats on the 2.9% yield. It seems like the acceleration was maybe a little faster than we were expecting. I was just curious if you could talk about a couple of things or initiatives that kind of allowed you to get to that 3% range so quickly. And just as a point of clarification, the 2.9% yield, is that exclusive of the 35 basis point yield held from the processing fee?
Don Slager: Yes. Tyler, its Don. It's a great catch, yes. The 2.9% excludes RPC. And so again, a great quarter in pricing. It underpins a couple of things. One, strong economy. As we've always said, when there's good organic growth in the market, pricing is better. Certainly, that's one thing. Two, our tools, the team now has been using our capture tools and our -- a part of the selling message now for a couple of years, when Jon introduced those a couple of years ago, so those are well underway. Overall, rational backdrop competitively. We're really focused besides the RPC on recycling, we're really focused on extending contracts and changing contracts in and around recycling and Jon mentioned a lot of that in his prepared remarks. So it's a good backdrop. It's a good economic backdrop and we expect that to continue.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Very helpful. And then Chuck, I don't want to be super nitpicky here, but why is there such a large adjustment to free cash this quarter? I mean, it looks like there's maybe a $90 million adjustment versus say $30 million last year. I mean, normally, it's not a huge number, but this quarter really stood out. What was going on there?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. Adjustment to free cash flow, you're talking about in the non-GAAP, correct?
Tyler Brown: Yes.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, I've got to take a look at it Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Maybe -- yes.
Nicole Giandinoto: Tyler, well, I think what you're -- I don't know if this is what you're looking at, because I don't see a huge adjustment going from cash flow to adjusted free cash flow, but perhaps in the CapEx line you're seeing
Tyler Brown: Yes, that's exactly where it is Nicole. Yes, you're right there.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yes. That is just the timing of payments. So, basically, when we manage CapEx, we manage it on CapEx received, because that's easy for our business to understand. We budget that way. That's how we think about it. And then -- so basically, what happens is we took receipt of a lot of equipment, and then those will be paid in the next quarter. So you'll see it as a cash outflow in the statement cash flow in Q2.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. That's helpful.
Chuck Serianni: And then look
Tyler Brown: Yes, sorry.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, I was just going to say, it has -- it just has to do with the timing of the receipt of the trucks and this is adjustment that we make is no different than the adjustment that we make every quarter.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And then likewise why are you adding back this $12 million loss from unconsolidated equity method investments? I mean, it looks like it's below the line in the P&L. It's just -- I'm just curious on that as well.
Nicole Giandinoto: So Tyler, we -- the loss on unconsolidated equity method is really a tax-related item. So if you're looking at EBITDA, you want to add that back. Plus it is non-cash, so you want to add that back and when you adjust that free cash flow, you subtract down for cash taxes.
Tyler Brown: Okay.
Nicole Giandinoto: We're really actually paying the tax liability.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That is helpful. And then just lastly, maybe as we think about the EBITDA margins. So I think they were down maybe 50 basis points, but that's actually a bit better than we were expecting. But Chuck, I was wondering if you could quantify some of those big moving items such as the CNG tax credit, maybe recycling, maybe special waste.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So the CNG tax credit was negative 60 basis points. At special waste, we talked about that. That was a negative 50 basis points. But then we had 60 basis points positive from just the solid waste business. The interesting thing here is that the recycling processing and sale of materials that was flat year-over-year, so that speaks to all of the efforts that we've put into place not just last year, but the efforts that continued here in Q1.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks.
Don Slager: Thanks Tyler.
Operator: The next question will be from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hey good afternoon and thanks for the breakout in the filing of yield and volume trends by line of business. And just looking at that really strong volume in MSW again 6.5%. Maybe you can comment on any specific pockets of strength what you're seeing there?
Don Slager: Go ahead Jon.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. We think it's broad -- it's broad-based. It's no individual side. It's not onetime events. We're getting some third-party volume that we didn't get last year. And we're seeing strong growth from current customers, so very positive turn.
Don Slager: Yes. I think overall again across the board nationally and as we've always pointed out right, when special waste is strong, when C&D is strong. That's just a continued good positive outlook for us for the economy.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Turning to M&A, you just -- the good activity so far in the year expectations for a higher spend than you guided. Can you just talk about kind of the factors behind that? Because obviously we've heard from some of the peers today, you're not alone that there is more spending across the board. But just what kind of environment are you seeing for deal activity that is making you go forward? And I assume your spending is still primarily weighted to tuck-ins, but just if you could clarify kind of the mix of your pipeline.
Don Slager: Sure. So one, we've always said that deal flow can be a little lumpy, right? It really depends on where these businesses are in their business life cycle. So if they have accummed larger deals that can drive the number here and there. We're seeing now for a number of quarters that the pipeline is robust and this is just sort of proof positive that it remains robust. We've had a couple of deals here lately that were maybe a little larger than our average. That's helping drive that. But we still have -- having spent almost $150 million year-to-date, we think we'll obviously -- we think we'll do $300 million for the full year. And that could go up a little bit depending on sort of timing right? So we are well positioned with our team. We've got great relationships with sellers. And there are just frankly a lot of really attractive companies right now who are coming to a place in their life cycle who are thinking about monetizing their life's work et cetera et cetera. So we don't force deals. We don't do bad deals. We don't chase deals. We're looking still at companies that have a really high-quality revenue base, meaning a large percentage of reoccurring revenue, revenue under contract, small container business, permanent contractor roll-up business. We've been very selective and hats off to the deal team to our development group. And I think it's just that we're in a good place in time where maybe generationally people need self updates. I don't think there's any one driver we've seen that's tax related or anything like that. We're going to continue to -- to consolidate the business. That's how we've built Republic. We'll continue to be in the hunt for good deals.
Noah Kaye: Yes. That makes sense. If I could just sneak one related on, the potential obviously for divestitures out of the WMA -- the WMA merger, I mean who knows how large that is, but if you could just talk about what you see as maybe the opportunity there. It will obviously be a new source of targets and kind of how you see the overlap or potential fit with your footprint.
Don Slager: Well sure. I'll leave it to the team of the big green company to determine what they think they're going to have to put up for sale based on the divestiture or markets don't fit or whatever issued by the DOJ. We will be glad to be looking at opportunity there if there is any. We'll be looking at opportunity that could fit into our markets. Again, you've read all the deal points. So again, we will look for good opportunity to buy good companies, good cash flow at the right multiple and at the right return. So -- our general stance in this business is we look at everything and then we -- we're very intentional about what we go forward on.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hi. Good afternoon. My first question is just on MSW landfill pricing. Maybe if you could comment whether you think there's more opportunity there. It seems like the 3% number on pretty strong volume is much higher than you've seen in the last couple of quarters. I think your largest competitor had a similar MSW landfill number on pricing. Is this the beginning of investors beginning to -- see landfill pricing, beginning to see more momentum than we've seen historically?
Don Slager: Well let me start. I'll let Jon give you some color. You have heard me say many times that -- these landfills are very expensive to own. They're very difficult to develop. You own them in the perpetuity. Every single time -- we bury someone's ton of waste, we're taking the risk, if you will and owning it and selling that real estate forever. These assets are nearly impossible to replicate and I have been very vocal about the fact that they frankly have not held up their end of pricing in the marketplace over the past several years. We're certainly evaluating the costs of running landfill. We have some higher costs related to leachate that we have to pass-through to customers. I think part of that is what you're seeing. And I think I'd like to believe what you said Hamzah that this is the beginning of land to landfill and the infrastructure -- finally getting some traction on price that it deserves and frankly needs to offset some of the future of costs related to owning people's waste forever and ever. Jon, what do you think?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. I think, we've been exhibiting a lot of price leadership on this for a long time. And I can tell you we're looking at every ton that comes into every one of our landfills and understanding what is the true cost of that and ensuring that we are getting a fair return to Don's point for taking up that real estate forever and you'll continue to see I think a positive trend in that direction.
Hamzah Mazari: Good. Got it. And then just on your adjusted volume number of 60 bps. It seems like that there's a massive disparity with your largest competitor that reported 3% adjusted. I mean if you go back historically the volume differential on an apples-to-apples clean number adjusting for comps is pretty big. They talked about technology investments and customer emphasis driving that. I'm just curious is it just asset footprint? Are you just earlier in your technology spend? Or are you just sort of walking away from more business? Just any thoughts as to -- what are your thoughts on the volume side? Can you drive more volume? Or is this just sort of your focus is elsewhere or maybe the technology spend, maybe gets better and drives more volume?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So a couple of things I'd point to you Hamzah. The first thing is that the 60 basis points is muted by the fact that we had one less work day. So if you include that in the mix and the volume growth is usually 1.1%. So more consistent -- with our historic average. The other thing I would point to you, if you look at the temporary large container business, the volumes there were muted also but that's because we took this as an opportunity to further price those volumes. We felt like there was more pricing available in that line of business. And obviously, we were able to achieve that with price of 4.2%. So we always see this price/volume as a balance and we've always had a very balanced approach to price/volume as you're well aware of. And we'll continue to maintain that balanced approach going into the future.
Don Slager: Yes, Hamzah look, we're digging deep into the recycling book of business. We are raising prices effectively. We're also going to be walking away from some business here and there. This task can be kind of lumpy when you lose a large RISI contract or something that is meeting returns. Winning and losing a national account can have a big impact. As Chuck said we always try to find this right balance with price and volume and where is the price elasticity. We would tell you, we think we're getting generally speaking our fair share of growth and it will kind of ebb and flow a little bit with mix, but I would read more into that if I were you.
Hamzah Mazari: Yes, got you. Just last question. I'll turn it over. I'm just trying to understand sort of Republic's strategy on large acquisitions. Progressive Waste Republic didn't participate. ADSW Republic didn't participate. Is it just sort of DOJ issues? Is it valuation? Is it that the board just wants 100% return of cash and no leverage? Just any sort of big picture thoughts on how we should view that?
Don Slager: Okay, let me start with this and you heard me say it probably many times, but in almost every situation there's a natural buyer, right? So when you have a willing seller, there tends to be a natural buyer. Theres certain things that fit better with other companies. It might be somebody has a leg up in more landfill internalization. It might be complementary, other infrastructure or the need to pay a little bit more for a permit that you couldn't get on your own or landfill space you couldn't achieve or develop. All those things kind of weigh into our situation. I would tell you, I think we're getting the deals we want. You brought up Progressive. I mean, there was a clear-case financial buyer there because of the inversion that was able to take place. We would not have been able to do an inversion in that situation because of our size. And so if we were to got down to an absolute auction and that deal going to the highest bidder, I think frankly the same company that bought, it would have bought it because of the advantage and the inversion. So those are just real facts. We look at everything I said a minute ago, so you can take that comment and then imagine that we also look at ADS and some really good assets, good leadership team, some really interesting things there. It may just come down to in the end a better fit for the current company that is engaged in bringing that deal together. So I don't have anything bad to say about the assets of the business. I would focus back to the fact that we are going to put $300 million to work this year where we've got a full pipeline and we are looking at deals and we're going to continue to drive value for shareholders through a balanced approach of cash allocation. And that's a combination of buying good cash flow at the right multiple, i.e. acquisitions, developing current assets, expanding landfills, developing -- spending CapEx on our current fleet and technology as well as the obvious buying back our stock at the right price and dividend. And our dividend CAGR has been a very consistent 8% over the last several years. So we factor all that in and that's what I can tell you. I think we've got great opportunity ahead of us to continue to consolidate our fair share of this business and you'll see us do that. And into another question, there's an opportunity to pick up some pieces that don't fit or are mandated divestitures in this process will -- we certainly think will be at the table there as well.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good afternoon.
Don Slager: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire: I just wanted to make sure I understood some of the components in the reiterated guidance as it relates to recycling and a couple of other things. It sounds like the impact from lower recycled prices is going to be about a $0.07 headwind and you incurred $0.01 in the first quarter and you've got $0.06 still out in front of you. And if that's the case, just trying to understand what the offsets are to keep the guidance unchanged. I think it sounds like the upside M&A is a partial contributor to that. But then will the balance of that just be a more favorable outlook in the core business essentially?
Don Slager: Well, it's not really M&A because frankly the cost of integration sort of tends to outweigh the benefit of integration in the first six to eight months. So, the upside of M&A really isn't going to make us get a lot of benefit this year. It really drives a ton of benefit next year when we get the rollover from that. It really is more the underlying strength of the business. Its cost as Jon said. Jon leads the operating core of the business. He and his team has done a great job on labor costs, on maintenance, on labor efficiency productivity. He said turnovers kicked down a couple of points here. That speaks to an opportunity that will continue through the year. Pricing strength, all the work that Jon mentioned in and around recycling itself right? So, the headwind is coming from recycling but we got busy. I would tell you that Republic was sort of the tip of the spear in the marketplace when it came to attacking the recycling issue, so we've got rollover benefits from what we did last year. And Jon and the team and the sales organization have gone -- have turned right run right into the fight this year on. So, Jon you want to talk about a couple of things you're doing this year that are going to offset?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So, on recycling we had $12 million of pricing actions our annualized pricing actions in the first quarter built off the back of $55 million last year and we're not stopping. We are literally going through all 1,100 of our municipal recycling contracts and we are asking for a fair model right? That one that has -- shares the risk and the volatility and that we get paid a fair return for what we do. And some customers say no at first and that's not stopping us. We're continuing to have that dialogue. And just like what we've done over time in the alternative index, we will make progress over time as we continue to represent the case because the facts are on our side. All we're asking is for a fair model and to be an environmental partner with us over time.
Brian Maguire: Okay, that's clear. It makes sense. Just wanted to come back to the question on sort of volume and the different moving pieces in there. So, they're down 15. It sounds like 50 bps of that is just the calendar, so it's probably down one as a better representation there. I'm just wondering if you could break out the components to that as far as the special waste comp the intentional shedding of business and any weather-related impact that you maybe saw in there.
Don Slager: Yes, let me start with this and Chuck you can spread the numbers out. The business the solid waste business grows with population growth that drives housing formation that drives business formation. That is still the reality of where solid waste generation comes from. So, good ongoing economics job growth, wage growth all the rest they are good for volume growth. But the general reality is that volume is going to grow 1% to 2%. You might have a few periods of time where you can push it to 2.5% or 3%, but I will tell you that if you're thinking a 3% volume growth is sustainable, you're probably giving up price, right? And so you're probably growing your business with some big chunks of volume that may not be able to sustain price long term and that's our view. And so we don't spend a lot of time chasing trophy accounts that have low margin. We don't -- while we have a nice little national accounts portfolio they are sort of a mid-sized national accounts and not these mega accounts that frankly never give you pricing leverage or opportunity to expanding your margins that's why. So, we're going to generally live kind of in that 1% to 2% volume growth ebbing and flowing with the economy. And when Chuck gets -- nets it all out there for you in a minute you're going to see that we're kind of right in that 1% to 2% volume growth which is kind of the sweet spot and getting pricing and getting customers who will accept pricing in the future because the fact is nobody in this business can offset inflation through efficiencies alone. I mean people are better according their businesses in that. So, again that's the real scoop. That's frankly what you should be putting in your model. Chuck?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so, we talked about total volume decline of 1.5%. Like we said the 0.5 point -- 50 basis point of that is the work day. But then you've got 210 basis points associated with special waste and non-regrettable losses. So you net all that out, then you can see that we did have good growth in line with our historical average on the volume side.
Brian Maguire: And so, does it sounds like much impact from weather that you guys saw?
Chuck Serianni: No. It was -- the impact from weather was pretty minor. Maybe it was 10 basis points, but it looks pretty minor.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And last one, just kind of related. Will the one fewer work day sort of reverse out in the third quarter, or some time later in the year?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, it reverses in the third quarter.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thats what I thought. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Sean Eastman of Keybanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. The first question is just on recycling. It's great to see such great things happening in the core business and helping to offset some of those headwinds there. But just in light of all these price actions and continuing those dialogues through the year, is there -- relative to what's in the annual filing from 2018, is there an updated sensitivity we should be thinking about as it relates to potential further moves in that recycling commodity price basket?
Chuck Serianni: No. We're still at $0.04 of EPS impact for $10 decline in our basket of commodities and that's an annualized number. But as we continue to make progress on all the various initiatives associated with recycling, our expectation is that sensitivity will go down.
Sean Eastman: Okay. That makes sense. And then, it's great to see the leverage on the maintenance and labor lines. I just wondered, how much more juice we have there on that leverage and that One Fleet program and some of the labor programs? What inning are we in terms of driving those efficiencies and still seeing that into the future?
Don Slager: Well, again, I'll start and I'll let Jon give you a little bit of color. Look, we're -- as he said in his remarks, we're seeing the benefits of the One Fleet initiative. We are kind of past One Fleet 1.0 and we're moving into the sort of next phase of really using all the data we have and understanding what the real life cycle of the fleet. Jon's got some great ideas. Look, what I always tell you guys is, there's way more going on here than we talk about, right because there's a lot of good technology we're working on, there's a lot of sort of phase two and three things up our sleeves. We tend not to talk to you about them until we're ready to put them in a model, ready to put them in the guide. But Jon, can you give a little bit of color?
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. On maintenance costs, we're fighting underlying inflation of parts cost on an increasingly sophisticated vehicles, so we're doing a great job of maintaining that on the maintenance side. On the labor cost side, we're going through routing efficiencies, using technology and certainly it's technology customer of our vehicles, but lots of initiatives lots of effort underway there to understand it. We want to service, but first of all we want to be safe. We want to service the customer and pick them up every time, but then we want to do that efficiently. And lots of efforts underway to figure out how we do that, and showing some real progress in fleet market.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks. Then the last one for me. This could be totally not material, but I just keep seeing headlines on this Rainbow business you guys own. Something about some potential turnover in that one of their big contracts and then also some class-action suit around that purchase. So just wondering is there anything there or just noise?
Don Slager: Well, here's the thing, right? One of the great things about owning a portfolio, right, is that it ebbs and flows, right? And so one economy, one market may be booming or another may be dragging. Weather might be 50 degrees below in Chicago, but the sun is shining in Florida. It's the same as it relates to the sort of the lumpiness of business. We have several hundred million dollars a year of municipal contracts that come to term and we have to renegotiate. In the midst of all that, there are certain political issues and so on and so on and so forth. We've built this business through acquisitions. And when you buy companies, you have to sort of work out sort of some legacy issues and part of that is we're going through. What we don't do is, we don't, on this call or in any time, speaks specifically to any one contract or any one issue, because we've got this portfolio. I would tell you this, these kind of things really are no different than the kind of things we dealt with last year or the year before that or 20 years ago, right? It's just part of what we do for a living. And so we do win some we do lose along the way, but overall the strength of the portfolio and the mix carries today. So we're working around the clock with a lot of customers right now to find new solutions overcome recycling issues and deal with some of the legacy stuff that just sometimes we inherit along the way. So that's all I'm giving you on that one.
Sean Eastman: I appreciate it. Understood. Thanks very much for the time.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Feniger of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yeah. Thanks guys for taking my question. I may have missed this. Why is  I know it's just one quarter but why is cash from ops down year-over-year?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. It's really just a timing issue, Michael. We  it's the timing of maybe the timing of working capital and including the timing of CapEx. Once again for the entire year we're right on our guidance in terms of our free cash flow.
Michael Feniger: Sounds good. And Chuck is there any reason why margins should not sequentially step up in Q2 and Q3?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. We're expecting that margins to continue to increase obviously over the course of the rest of the year. And that's right in line with our guidance of up 30 to 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion.
Michael Feniger: Got it. And then  did you  or was there any change in trend in April? Did you actually see underlying volumes potentially maybe pick up as we started Q2? And on the opportunity you mentioned on the temp business where you're pushing price, did you still see that momentum where you reported a really strong open price number. I mean, is there any reason why that number should decelerate from here?
Don Slager: Well, I'll take the first half and then I'll let Jon talk about what's going on in temp volume. What was the first part of the question?
Nicole Giandinoto: What we've seen in April.
Don Slager: Oh, April volume. Yeah, so we're not really talking about April right? We're talking about Q1. Look, when we reaffirmed guidance, right? We are reaffirming guidance based on all the underlying great work that the team's done in the quarter. Certainly, we're taking it into consideration what we're seeing in April, but we don't generally give commentary on it other than we want to give you a little bit of color in and around what we've closed to date on the M&A front. But the real time for us when we're talking about seasonality is May. We've got to kind of get May in the books for us to really just kind of compare year-over-year seasonality. But by the very fact that we are reaffirming guidance with such confidence, I think would tell you that we feel really good about what we're seeing in the business on this very day.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I would just say from the underlying demand, we see strong demand in large  across most of our markets. And we have the tools to look at the price/volume trade-off and try to make those on a daily basis, and again as we see demand come in and we make those trade-offs. And really we're looking at maximizing return on our assets. We're not looking to buy more assets to take low-margin work.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hey, gang. Thanks for taking the questions. Nice Q.
Don Slager: Thanks, Michael.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: The $142 million spend what did you get for it in revenues?
Chuck Serianni: So in total that's about $55 million in annualized revenue Michael.
Michael Hoffman: And how do I think about the margin of that?
Chuck Serianni: It's kind of  I would say that it's probably just a little bit higher than the company average.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That helps.
Nicole Giandinoto: But again, Michael just to put a comment on that. As Jon mentioned, sometimes there's a little bit of implementation and integration costs upfront, so we'll grow into that margin that Chuck mentioned, but it's not right out of the gate accretive overall to the company margin.
Michael Hoffman: Yeah. No, I got it. It just helps to do the modeling. And then back on this whole volume question everybody wants to focus on. I mean I would think all day long, you would take lots of price and very little volume, because you get so much more leverage. But more importantly, if I look at the data you did give us, and if I remember correctly your landfill business is predominantly -- the third party volume is predominantly municipal contracts. So to get a 0.3% price and 6.5% volume from that one the pricing is pretty powerful because it's indexed business, so you've driven a lot of leverage there. But volume is huge telling you the underlying kind of economy is just in great shape. Am I correct?
Don Slager: Yeah. On top of that, and somebody else on the call brought up, is landfill pricing is starting to get traction, because it's been a little bit flattish more than maybe you would expect with the consolidation. So I think that's really the good news. But you're right we don't have a lot of third party volume that makes up a big percentage.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I'd also say Mike you're seeing the fruits of our efforts around purchasing CPI come up. So its contracts and the fruit of our alternative index work. We didn't just work on municipal collection contracts. We certainly worked on MSW contracts as well.
Michael Hoffman: Right. So..,
Don Slager: On your earlier point, right? I mean every time we dig our profitability by customer, by call, by route, by point of business, right? And you're right I mean that each one of these things has to carry its own weight. And we're going to continue to work through the business the way we've always had. Just talking about landfill, I mean we're slicing and dicing every stream. Jon mentioned it earlier, at the landfill and making sure that everything carries the appropriate return.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That helps. And then Chuck, when you gave -- earlier you said CNG is a negative 60 and special waste is negative 50. That wasn't at the EBITDA line. But does that just -- if I step that up to gross OpEx, that's just a straight carry through because those are all operating related?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, they are Michael. That's right.
Michael Hoffman: So when I look at 61 versus 60.5, that's the waterfall I'm building? Okay.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, that's right.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then directionally on gross margin, I know you don't give this, but can you talk about the trend of the three sort of major lines of business solid waste, recycling E&P year-over-year? Directionally, what was happening in the trend in the gross margin?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. The gross margins are all trending positive, Michael. And you would think that that would be the case right? We're once again working back into the guidance that we gave for EBITDA margin expansion, 30 to 50 basis points for the year.
Michael Hoffman: So on all three businesses, its positive even recycling? I have a thought recycling might have been flat.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, but it went slightly positive. But keep in mind, all of the initiatives that we've put into place, once again back in the 2018 and here again in 2019. So we are starting to see the benefits associated with those initiatives. And that's once again why we were able to offset the recycling and processing headwind here in Q1.
Don Slager: If you think about that in context of what we've accomplished so far in the getting this headwind from recycling if you will, and think about how the benefits of that will roll into next year. Let's just say let's just hope for a minute that commodity prices stay where they are and don't get worse. Let's hope for a minute that these other mills come online in the U.S. and that has a positive impact. Let's hope for a minute that our long-term view of recycling holds up, right? That population growth and emerging economies and middle-class and all blah, blah, blah is all going to be right. And we've already offset sort of the current headwind. If we combine all the efforts that the team has put into place, it really sets us up pretty well for next year as well right, as these things anniversary and we just build on the momentum and as we shift the model. And again the operating leaders Jon, and the sales organization is doing a great job, and customers one by one by one are coming to the realization of what has happened here. Wouldn't you say, Jon?
Jon Vander Ark: Absolutely.
Michael Hoffman: Right. So let me follow on with that. If you took the current run rate of revenues on an $85 commodity book, what should the profitability of that be in an absolute dollar opportunity?
Don Slager: How about this? How about we stick with Q1? And how about we stick with our guidance for 2019, Michael? We're going to meet our guidance. We're going to meet our cash flow guidance, and we're going to be, if not one of the leaders, the leader in turning this recycling business around and making it sustainable for customers, we being a great environmental partner. And as we get more and more traction through the year, we'll be talking in October about how it sets us up for 2020, but it will be a good story.
Michael Hoffman: Well, okay, fair enough. It was much of a higher-level question of, it's a big number when you fix this, some it might take two or three years, but it's a big number.
Don Slager: It's a big number. It will be fixed. The underlying issue is customers want to do this. We'll just have to help them do it right.
Michael Hoffman: Right.
Don Slager: And it's going to be good story -- and it will be a good growth story for Republic Services.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Last question Chuck. Your cash flow from operations was 22% of revenues, which is terrific in the context of the expectation for the year. So maybe the dollars are down, but the percent of revenue is a very good number.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, that's right, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Yeah, all right. Okay.
Nicole Giandinoto: And Michael just to add a point for your model. So if you look at the CapEx spend in Q1 relative to our capital guide, it was less than 20% for our full year guide. So Q1 is a really strong cash flow quarter for us and that might trickle down a little bit for the remainder of the year and as this kind of timing goes through the year.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. Thanks very much.
Don Slager: Thanks Michael.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Chien: Hi, guys. It's Henry Chien calling for Jeff. Thanks for squeezing me in. I have a follow-up question on your M&A plans and just the additional capital. I'm just curious if the type of deals that you're looking at if it's still in terms of the tuck-insurance, if it's still for the solid waste business or you're considering anything adjacent to that.
Don Slager: Okay. Well, look the majority of our spend is always solid waste. The majority is frankly leans toward collection by definition tuck-in. There aren't -- frankly, we're pretty well situated with infrastructure throughout the company or countries so we're not spending a lot of dollars just to work in these last several years on infrastructure. But when we do obviously that brings -- the prices they go up just a little bit. But tuck-ins by their very nature are in our core space and in our current geographies. We have had a little good fortune in some good opportunities that are in adjacent geographies, but in the solid waste core space so that is another place that we do grow and intend to grow. But that's where we're spending most of our time. We've got some good opportunities in and around the E&P space. We'll continue to look at those. That's a good business for us, high-margin business for us. But again for a long, long time, we'll be making most of what we make here out of running a solid waste business very well and that's where most of this is coming from today.
Henry Chien: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you so much Denise. In closing, we are extremely pleased with our first quarter performance. Solid waste fundamentals remain strong in the current economic backdrop is supportive of continued growth. Given our team's relentless focus on operational execution and the passion they have for our customers, we are reaffirming our full year financial guidance. Finally, I would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to the men and women of Republic Services. As a result of their collective efforts, we remain to the world's Most Ethical Companies list by Ethisphere for the third year in a row, as well as Barron's 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies list for the second consecutive year. Every day our 36,000 employees come to work to serve our 14 million customers. They do this safely. They complete five million pickups per day with a 99.9% reliability. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending this presentation. And at this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our President and CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 7th, 2019. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Also included in our press release are unaudited supplemental schedules that include the pro forma view of fourth quarter 2017 revenue and costs had we adopted the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1st, 2017. During today's call, all references to changes versus the prior year are based on the 2017 pro forma figures, which are comparable to 2018 results. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks Nicole. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with our strong finish to 2018. Full year 2018 EPS was $3.09 and in line with our guidance range. Free cash flow was $1.2 billion and exceeded the upper end of our guidance range. Total acquisition investment was over $200 million. Total cash return to shareholders was $1.2 billion, and total shareholder return was 9% compared to the S&P 500's negative return of 4%. The team delivered these results despite a $145 million headwind from the recycling business. We accomplished this by capitalizing on solid waste trends to drive both price and volume growth, strengthening our market position, and improving route density through acquisitions, executing our plans to mitigate recycling headwinds in the short-term, while advancing our long-term strategy to transform the business, and efficiently returning cash to our shareholders. Turning to fourth quarter highlights, we delivered double-digit growth in earnings per share, invested $87 million in value-enhancing acquisitions, and divested $79 million of non-strategic assets. We also returned $284 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Throughout the fourth quarter, the pricing environment continued to be favorable. We achieved core price of 4.3% and average yield of 2.7%, our highest pricing level in nearly a decade. We also achieved an all-time low customer defection rate of sub-7%. We attribute these accomplishments to our laser focus on enhancing the customer experience and delivering superior service. Additionally, we successfully converted 27% of our CPI-based contracts, representing $660 million to a waste-related index or fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and continue to run higher than CPI. During the quarter, we also continued to see underlying volume growth in our collection and disposal businesses. Excluding the impact of non-regrettable losses and a difficult special waste comp, total volume increased 90 basis points over the prior year. Our recycling business also improved in the fourth quarter. The team continued to tightly manage operating costs and increase recycling collection and processing fees. As expected, the current market conditions continue to serve us as a catalyst to transform recycling into a more durable and economically sustainable business. Additionally, we opened our first next-gen recycling processing center in Plano, Texas. We call it next-gen because unlike a traditional processing center, where we primarily sort and remove items that are not recyclable, here, we are leveraging state-of-the-art technology to extract items that are recyclable. This positive sort configuration allows us to produce a higher quality product with less labor. The facility also includes a 5,000 square-foot learning resource center for the community, so residents can learn the proper way to recycle and reduce their environmental impact. Our partnership with the City of Plano is an example of our new recycling business model. We are paid an appropriate fee to process the material and the majority of the commodity value is rebated back to the community. This contract structure enables us to invest in new technology while earning an appropriate return on our investment. Lastly, given we operate one of the largest vocational fleets in the U.S.; we are continuously evaluating innovative approaches and technologies to improve the performance, economics, and environmental impact of our trucks. Earlier this week, Mack Trucks announced our partnership to design and test electrification in a fully integrated garbage truck with zero diesel propulsion components. We are proud to be partnering with Mack and optimistic that this will result in a significant step towards an even cleaner, more efficient fleet. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our fourth quarter financial results in greater detail.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Don. Fourth quarter revenue was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $65 million or 2.6% over the prior year. This increase includes internal growth of 2.3% and acquisitions of 30 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.7% and was the highest level we've seen since 2009. Average yields in the collection business was 3.4%, which included small container of 3.2%, large container of 4.5% and residential of 2.6%. In our post-collection business, average yield was 1.5%, which included landfill MSW of 2.1%. The majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.3%. Core price in the open market was 5.1% and in the restrictive portion of our business was 2.9%. The second component of internal growth is total volume. As expected, total volume decreased 70 basis points over the prior year. Excluding the impact of non-regrettable losses and a difficult special waste comp, volume growth would have been 90 basis points. Volume in our small container business decreased 80 basis points as anticipated. This includes 130 basis point headwind from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volume would have increased 50 basis points. Volume in our large container business increased 80 basis points. And volume in our residential business decreased 1.9% due to our strategic decision not to renew certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. Next, turning to landfill volume. Landfill MSW volume increased 7.2%, while special waste decreased 11.6% and C&D decreased 10.7%. The decrease in special waste and C&D volume was due to a difficult comp in the prior year. In 2017, both special waste and C&D volume grew over 30%. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 70 basis points due to the rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel fuel increased to $3.26 in the fourth quarter from $2.87 in the prior year, an increase of 14%. The current average diesel price is $2.97 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue, was flat versus the prior year, which was in line with our expectations. In the Permian Basin, where we are well-positioned, drilling activity remains steady. The final component of internal growth is recycling processing and commodity revenue, which decreased 40 basis points. The change in revenue primarily relates to a decrease in the number of tons sold and lower recycle commodity prices. This decrease was partially offset by the new recycling processing fee rolled out to our open market recycling collection customers. This fee contributed 35 basis points of pricing. It's important to note that our average yield of 2.7% does not include this benefit. Excluding glass organics, average commodity prices decreased 15% to $106 per ton in the fourth quarter, down from $125 per ton in the prior year. Next, I will discuss changes in margin. In the fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 80 basis points to 27.4% from 28.2% in the prior year. This included 10 basis points of margin expansion from the solid waste business, which was offset by a 40 basis point headwind from recycling and a 50 basis point headwind from one additional work day. Fourth quarter 2018 interest expense was $96 million, which included $10 million of non-cash and amortization. Our all-in tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20%. This includes an adjusted effective tax rate of 12% and a non-cash charge of approximately $30 million related to solar energy investments that qualified for tax credits. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.80 and increased $0.19 or 31% versus the prior year. EPS included a $0.12 benefit from tax reform. Excluding this benefit, EPS would have increased 11%. Adjusted free cash flow for the full year was $1.2 billion and cash conversion was 42%. Free cash flow exceeded our expectations primarily due to better than anticipated improvements in working capital. During the year, we improved both DSO and DPO by approximately two days. This improvement provided a one-time benefit to free cash flow. Looking ahead, I'd like to review the highlights of our 2019 financial guidance, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided in October. For the year, we expected adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.23 to $3.28. After normalizing for taxes, our guidance represents double-digit growth in earnings per share. Next, we expect adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1.125 billion to $1.175 billion. Included in our free cash flow guidance is a working capital headwind of approximately $45 million and $50 million of incremental capital we are investing for the benefit of our frontline employees as a result of tax reform. Excluding these two items, our guidance represents high single-digit growth in free cash flow per share. Total annual revenue growth is expected to be 4.25% to 4.75%. We expected adjusted EBITDA margin to expand by 30 to 50 basis points over 2018, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. Furthermore, given the strength of our current pipeline, we anticipate investing approximately $200 million in tuck-in acquisitions. 2019 net capital expenditures are expected to be $1.2 billion. And finally, we expect to return $1.4 billion of total cash to shareholders to $500 million of dividends and $875 million of share repurchases. I'll now turn the call back over to Don to make a few closing comments before going to Q&A.
Donald Slager: Thanks Chuck. Our strong finish to the year positions us well for continued growth in 2019. We'll achieve this growth by securing price increases in excess of our cost inflation, growing volume for the seventh straight year, continuing to transform the recycling business by transitioning our municipal recycling customers to a more durable, fee-based pricing model and educating customers on what and how to recycle through our recycling simplified campaign. We'll be executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation to attract and retain the best people, enhance the customer experience, and drive additional operating leverage through the use of technology. And finally, effectively deploying capital to fund profitable, organic growth, invest in value-enhancing and consistently and efficiently, as always, returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey good afternoon.
Donald Slager: Hey Tyler.
Chuck Serianni: Hey Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hey. So, I see in the guide that you're expecting 25 to 50 positive basis points on processing fees, commodity sales in the guide. So, I think that the RISI data that came out yesterday showed a dip in fiber prices. Can you just give us some clarity? I guess, on the one hand, I surmise you've got continuing -- a push on processing fees, but it's a little unclear. Specifically, what are you kind of assuming recycling prices in the guide?
Donald Slager: Yes, so the guide has -- is about $505. I know it's a little bit lower than that right now but if you think about sort of how this thing normally works through the cycle of the year, we feel that it'll bounce back through the middle of the year. And over time, we'll average it at the right rate. So, underprice in the number.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and Don, I know you probably dislike getting that question as much as I dislike asking it. So, in that vein, do you think that, over time, Republic will really, for all intents and purposes, eventually inoculate itself from commodity price changes, really pushing the risk down to the waste generator? And if so, how long do you think that process might take?
Donald Slager: Well, I like your term inoculate, so that's -- we're all about that. So, if you think about my comments in we used our new contract with the City of Plano, right, that's an example of what we're doing. We believe the right way to do this is to get paid appropriately for the collection, we get paid appropriately for the processing, and I say appropriately, that means within a return that we can live with. And there is a function in the contract for contamination that the cities and communities have to bear that burden, and in the end, that they get the benefit of what's left over, which is the commodity value less contamination. That's fair. Again, we've made it increasingly easy for customers to recycle. We're committed to be a good environmental partner for those customers that want to do their part. But where customers don't want to be responsible, that's got to be on them. And so we're only making investments in recycling going forward that have a true sustainability from a profitability perspective, and that has to work just like I described. So, we're having success. And to be frank, there's all kinds of customers, right? So, we've had conversations with all of our 1,100 contracts. Some have immediately already agreed to new terms that work. Some have told us kind of, at this point, no way. And some have said let me think about it. We're in the second and third round of talks. We are going to continue to push this. I think, frankly, any operator would have to be, I'm trying to think of a nice word, an idiot to sign up for recycling the old way when we've got this big, global, macro thing in front of us. So we did a great job. The team did a great job isolating the problem in 2018. We've done a ton of great work in 2018 that's going to anniversary and carry forward into 2019, and the work continues. We're going to have more success in 2019 than 2018, and that's one of the reasons we've got the confidence. But we're going to change the model. And people tell us they want to recycle and I'm kind of a broken record around here. You're going to have to give us -- every homeowner is going to have to pay us about $1 more a week, and they're going to have to give us about two minutes more a day of their good, responsible time. And if they don't want to do that, we'll be glad to provide trash service instead of recycling service because we're really good at that.
Tyler Brown: All right. Yes, that's really good. And then one last one just on the volume guide of zero to 25 bps. So, can you talk about some of the puts and takes there? I mean, I thought you were largely through the broker coal lane. I don't think special waste has any real big comps. And frankly, it just doesn't really feel like a zero volume environment. So, can you just talk about what's driving that outlook? Is that just conservatism? And -- or is there something more idiosyncratic? Thanks.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, there is a headwind associated with the special waste that we have going from 2018 back into 2019. So, that's part of the reason why that volume growth is more muted. And at the end of this year, we're going to be about halfway done with shedding of brokers. But if you extract that out of the equation, if you remove broker volumes and those event volumes, the volume growth is closer to one to one in a quarter.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Donald Slager: Yes. And let me add to that. On top of that, we've got some strong price here, too, right? So, we're being very intentional about where we can get pricing, and we understand the trade-off of price and volume. So, for instance, in our temp roll-off business and so forth, you know how that works, Tyler. So, if we can get extra point of price because demand is there, we might see -- we might give -- let a little volume go for that purpose.
Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Donald Slager: Great.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good afternoon Don, Chuck, and Nicole.
Donald Slager: Hey Brian.
Chuck Serianni: Hey Brian.
Nicole Giandinoto: Hey Brian.
Brian Maguire: Hey. A question on just the interrelationship between the CapEx and volumes because it seems like the CapEx will be up again and I thought of, in the past, the model being a little bit more like 10% of sales. It looks like we're going to be in that 11% to 12% range, 10% of sales if we're getting roughly 1% volume growth. And totally appreciate walking away from some broker business and some residential business that doesn't meet your return hurdles. But I would have thought, with that would have come actually maybe some reductions in CapEx or shifting of trucks from less productive routes to more productive routes. So, can you help me maybe understand where this CapEx is being spent and where that number could be heading over time and in kind of a flat volume environment, why it should be so high?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So, keep in mind that included in that CapEx guide, there's $75 million of what we're calling spend associated with tax reform, and that's money, as I said, that we're going to put back into the business benefiting the frontline employees. So, if you try and you pull that out of the equation, then what you end up with is CapEx that's closer to 10.5% of revenue, which is right in line with where -- what we've told The Street that we would be at kind of post-rev recognition, which is, on a historical basis, is closer to 10%. So, that's right in line with our -- what we believe our long-term average should be.
Brian Maguire: And this will be the last year with that sort of outsized spend on employee stuff?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, we've got one more year, that being 2020, where we're going to -- we have about $100 million that we're going to spend doing the same thing. But keep in mind that we talked about this back when tax reform was first enacted going into Q4 2017.
Brian Maguire: Got it. And then just one more for me just on -- tax rate in general in 4Q was a little lower than your guidance. I was wondering if you could help us with that and then just thinking about the 2019 guidance. I appreciate the EPS is kind of in line with what you outlined earlier, but it looks like the tax rate may be a little lower. Just a little confused on that. Maybe I'm reading that wrong, but it seemed like it was 24% versus, I think, 27% before. So, just trying to understand the puts and takes there.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so both in 2018 and again, in 2019, we're going to benefit from solar projects, these investments that we're making that come with tax credits that we're able to utilize in order to reduce our effective tax rate but also to reduce our cash taxes. So, just to put that in context for you, 2018, our effective tax rate was 20.7%, and then we had a certain non-cash charges associated with those solar projects that are included below operating income, right? So, if you think about those two items together, then the net tax rate, including both of those, are just closer to 22.8%. As we go into 2019, our effective tax rate is 24.2% and then we have about 3.1% in non-cash charges related to those solar projects. So, once again, if you put those two together, you end up with a tax rate of about 27.3%.
Brian Maguire: Got it. So, you're -- in those non-cash charges, you're going to include that in that EPS.
Chuck Serianni: That's included in our EPS guide, yes.
Brian Maguire: Got it. Okay, so laying that out to 27%. Okay, just checking on that. Thank you.
Brian Maguire: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Good evening. Thank you. My question is just around the cost side, specifically, how you guys are managing labor cost inflation, labor shortage. What's baked into your guidance there? I realize employee turnover is lower for you because every driver wants to work for Don Slager, but just any thoughts in terms of cost inflation?
Donald Slager: Yes, so our overall inflation, we think, for 2019 is kind of in that two and a half range. Labor will be a little higher than that. We do have pockets where we've got some labor shortage just because maybe there's local economic issues. Our turnover is essentially flat year-over-year. It's up a little bit with the growing economy, that's to be expected. We're not sitting on our hands. We're still working hard to improve the work environment. Chuck mentioned some of the investments we're making in facilities and specifically around employee facilities, locker rooms, training rooms, et cetera. So, there's some labor pressure with long-haul trucking, which will impact our costs in and around transporting waste from our transportation to our landfills. We're dealing with that. But we're also doing a great job in and around with our procurement team. They've got goals this year. There are some spend categories that we historically haven't looked at. So, we'll dig into those, and we'll find some savings in there as well. But the driver shortage, so to speak, isn't keeping us up at night. We're working hard to retain and attract the best people, and I think we're on a good track. Landfill ops is going to be another part of the story. The leachate expense is going to be about flat year-over-year to what it's been this year, and that really is related to leachate because of just changes in POTWs or public treatment works that are changing their technology and starting to raise prices on leachate disposal. That's something we can manage through and it's something we can price for. But I think that's going to be something, again, that affects all people in our business. And so I think, more than likely, you'll see more companies turning to some kind of price action to recover some of those costs.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. And just my follow-up question, on pricing, you guided 2.75%. It feels like that's the highest price since 2009 or just prior to waste or downturn because you guys are late cycle. Anything different in this pricing environment that you see versus prior to the downturn? Clearly, there's a lot of changes in this space over the last, I don't know, 10 years or so. Any thoughts on how this pricing environment is different, Don? Thank you.
Donald Slager: Well, I guess, I'll say this, look, when organic growth is decent to good, that sets up the industry for better pricing environment. I've always said that. So, when there's decent organic growth, pricing tends to be better. The overall increase in capital cost, capital intensity, complexity of the business, I think, gives people a reason to price that maybe they didn't have before. So, that lifts us up a little bit. Certainly, CPI has moved in our favor, and we're derisking our CPI portfolio. I'm moving to alternative indices that work for us. So, that's going to benefit us going forward. Moving to alternative index, we've said $660 million now of that book has been converted. The hard work we're doing in and around recycling with the question that Tyler asked, we're doing a lot of contract renegotiations and new pricing. That's going to help. We've got recycling processing fee that we've implemented. That's going to add some lift. And some of these things aren't fully implemented yet, so we're -- we still got some time to run under them and have them build through 2019 and frankly, anniversary into 2020. So, we think there's a fair amount of upside there. As it relates to just us pricing customers, we've got a lot better at it. We're smarter about it. Our overall defection is down sub-7%, which would tell you that, again, that's the lowest in the history of the company. We're spending a lot of time on customer experience, and so I don't believe you can just raise a customer's price. I think you've got to raise a customer's willingness to pay. And so we're working on further improving our service levels, meeting our service commitments, improving our products, improving our fleet, certainly, having the best people on the front lines of our business. All those things, I think, give us pricing power in the end, and those things, we're going to continue to work on. So, again, as you said, Hamzah, best pricing in 10 years basically. It's been building through the last few quarters. We're pretty confident we can achieve these levels in 2019.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and great to hear about solar project and electric trucks. Always nice. I wanted to ask you about the outlooks. You're reiterating the components of the preliminary outlook you provided in November and I think [Indiscernible] surprised by that. Investors have some to expect that consistency from you. The final numbers look to be the same. But has anything changed in the last three months within your assumptions, whether it's on volume, price, M&A or the cost side? And I ask in light of what is still a very sort of dynamic macro situation.
Donald Slager: Well, what's changing the macro is, last year; we spent a lot of time wringing our hands over to this China thing. We're no longer dependent on China. Our team's done a lot of work moving material to new ports, opening new lanes. All of our material that we collect is handled and recycled ethically. So, we've overcome the operational hurdle of that, and now we're settling into sort of a new cost model. So, working through that and I've already described what we're doing there. From a growth perspective, right, we've always said we grow with population growth that drives housing formation, business formation. So, when there's population growth and there's job growth and there's wage growth, that's good for waste generation, right? So, as long as we see the same kind of housing start number and consumer sentiment spending is good, we think that's enough for us to continue to grow into the future. So, we feel good about that. Chuck described some of the capital spending. Our CapEx is very, very consistent. Other than when we got the gift from the government with the tax reform, we decided to spend $100 million or so to improve our -- $200 million, I guess, to improve our customer -- or our employee facilities. And these are not offices for general managers and staff. This is for frontline, hard-working men and women who show up at two in the morning and drive garbage trucks and fix garbage trucks and work at landfills. So, those are the people we're most concerned about improving their work environment, so we're spending real money for a really good cause. So, -- but that's not a surprise because we told you about that. So, again, as you said, the business is very, on one hand, slow moving, which is maybe a bad thing for you, but it's slow moving, which is a good thing for you because it makes it predictable. So, it shouldn't be a surprise to anybody that our guidance is right on top of the preliminary outlook because we got a pretty good handle on our business. And then what will change in 2019 going forward? How fast can we move on restructuring the recycling business? That's going to depend on customer sentiment. It's going to depend on how well the market adjusts. It'll depend on what other competitors do frankly. But our resolve is greater than it's ever been, and we're making some really great headway and making great examples of where customers are taking a good common sense approach. And again, I gave an example in my written remarks. So, we feel good about the business. We've got a really solid team here and we're off to a great start.
Noah Kaye: Thank you for that. And just to come back to the labor question, I was really struck by the labor and benefits line. Expenses were up just 3% year-over-year. Obviously, that's a significant improvement in your cost containment. Anything you would point to in terms of kind of an improved success containing those labor costs? Anything we could think about going forward? Because, obviously, we saw a lot of growth over the first three quarters of the year and what you are sort of suggesting for 2019 suggests kind of a deceleration of labor cost inflation.
Donald Slager: Well, look, I'll hand that to -- off -- kudos to our operating leadership. They're really labor focused on productivity, on efficiency and safety. Employee engagement's a big deal around here as I said. I think we're probably the only solid waste company that does a nationwide employee engagement survey every year. 85% of our employees respond, which is double that of a world-class company. Our employment engagement scores are high. Our people trust that if they give us their opinions, we'll listen and we'll respond. We really are genuinely in earnest trying to make this the best place to work or the best people come to work, and I think that helps us a great deal. And that's just not a slogan. It's what we really think. So, -- and again, our operating leaders echo that throughout the organization. So, I think that's part of it. Again, every year, we get a little benefit from the things we do last year. So, we can continue to automate the residential fleet. We continue to make improvements in other areas. One Fleet continues to pay off. That investment, we don't talk about One Fleet anymore. But it's part of what we do now all the time and it makes us more reliable. Reliable trucks mean more efficient trucks. They mean more happier drivers. So, we're just going to keep building on the Republic Way and year-on-year-on-year, we get better at the things we launched two and three years ago. We launched new things, and while maybe not one of them by itself is a game changer, it's the combination and sort of the sum of the parts that really make a difference for us. So, we're just going to continue to build on that. So, appreciate the compliment I think.
Noah Kaye: That's right. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi guys. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Really excited to be joining the group here. I just wanted to touch on the M&A front. The $200 million planned investment seems to indicate an above normalized year, again, in 2019. That's expected. So, just hoping to get an idea of the profile of the discussions underway with your targets. Is it the usual singles and doubles? Or is there a good probability we might see something towards the upper end of that range in terms of target size?
Donald Slager: Well, it all depends, right? So, look, we wouldn't tell you $200 million unless we felt pretty strongly that we could deliver it, right? So, we've got a great pipeline and again, we've got a great development team. We've got a lot of good people in place now who've been in place for a while with all the business. Again, we don't go around and sending sellers because these are good companies we buy. And if you got a really great company, you're not likely to sell it unless somebody pays you an arm and a leg for it. So, when it comes time for you to be in that moment, where you reach your business life cycle or your personal plan comes to fruition and it's time to monetize your life's work or something else happens, some kind of a life event, that's when we buy good companies. And we've been able to keep our multiple really consistent over the year. We're not overpaying for deals. And there are a lot of really nice companies out there, some really -- some companies of all sizes that we'd love to someday have an opportunity to be part of our network. And our job is to know the owners, to know where they're at in the life cycle and be able to write a check. And we've consistently done that. We've sort of built our momentum up over the last few years, and we've got the appetite to do very big deals. It's just a matter of whether or not it's their time. So, it's kind of like when the seller's ready, we're ready. And we're very good at integrating businesses. And so we're, first and foremost, focused on tuck-ins because those are, again, lowest risk, quickest return, best returns. It doesn't mean we wouldn't look at a brand-new market. If we could go into a new market and have scale and vertical integration or at least the opportunity to over time, we would look at that. But you'll see us kind of stay in our lane. And with most of the acquisition activity, we've got some good work in and around the E&P space, and there might be an opportunity or two there that we'd look at. But we're very diligent about the ROI in these deals. We always compare and contrast the better use of cash to buy more cash flow at the right multiple or buying in our own stock. We're very comfortable with the value of our company and what value we're going to create over the next three years. We always look at that intrinsic trade-off. So, this is kind of our formula. It's been kind of a balanced approach of cash allocation, dividend, buyback, keeping a strong capital structure, keeping our debt where we think it needs to be, and having plenty of powder to do more acquisitions.
Sean Eastman: Got it. I appreciate that. And the next one I have is just on the differentiation strategy. You guys were speaking to the customer experience, customer willingness to pay. I was just hoping maybe you could talk anecdotally about where you guys have been finding -- you're getting some additional pricing power through that strategy. I just want to understand that a bit better.
Donald Slager: Well, we've had a lot of effort. Our marketing groups put a lot of effort into gaining customer insight. We probably spend more money on customer insights than any of our competitors really in getting to know what they think, what they want and for us to prioritize those things. Some of them seem pretty obvious on the surface and some of them don't. So, there's a lot of learning there. We are -- we're looking at digital opportunities. We're looking at ways to make it easier to do business with the company. We do have a digital channel for subscription residential business that actually has worked quite well. And new business coming into that channel comes in at a higher price than if we were going door-to-door. So, people are willing to pay for convenience and reliability. And so you'll hear us talk more and more about digital as we go through time, not only digital in the trucks, digital in the operations to make us safer and more efficient but digital as we connect more and more to customers. And we think customers want to pay for that and are willing to because it makes their lives easier. So, we'll continue to do that. And then job one, though, is to get the garbage off the ground every day on the right day in the right hour, do it safely and be a good environmental partner, and we're pretty good at that too.
Sean Eastman: Okay, great. I really appreciate the time and insights. Thanks very much.
Operator: And the next question will be from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you for taking the questions. Don can you share with us where in the business model we're going to see the effect of the operating leverage? Is this going to be mostly OpEx or this mixture of OpEx and SG&A as we work through that 30 to 50 basis points of operating leverage?
Donald Slager: Yes, it's mostly to the OpEx, right? I mean, just to say, we still have some SG&A savings on the horizon. But I will say, look, and you always hear me say this, Michael, I mean, we've got two constraints. One is cash flow. We don't want to put so much cash to work on initiatives every year and the reason for that is we can only take on so much change at a time. We got 35,000 employees. We're trying to lead them in a direction and we're getting all 35,000 people to buy into that plan. And so we can't overload them with too many new things. But there's benefit and then pricing, right? I mean, we're going to price to beat inflation. Years and years where we couldn't do that and now we got momentum on our side to do that as well. So, -- but those things go hand in hand. Better operations mean happier customers, mean better pricing.
Michael Hoffman: And then on free cash flow, I appreciate the talks something about $200 million in the quarter. $225 million spending over three years is sort of the $50 million, $75 million and $100 million, so we invest into employee base. If I get to strip that away in working capital timing things, how do I think about, one, what's the baseline free cash flow I'm starting with? And what's the sustainable growth rate? Your thoughts about that sustainable growth rate at that cash flow.
Chuck Serianni: Okay, let me explain it this way, Michael. If you take our reported free cash flow for 2018, so $1.178 billion and then I would back out about $45 million from working capital, which we believe one-time in nature. And then tax reform capital investment that you mentioned of $50 million, you end up with $1.083 billion and that was -- that I would consider to be a baseline. So, then if you look at that relative to the guide that we gave for 2019, that's about a 6% growth in free cash flow year-over-year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That's what I was trying to get at, is that's probably a good sustainable number. If I'm talking about a 4% at the top, getting the 6% at the cash is kind of a good relationship.
Donald Slager: Yes, that's right.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then just one more thing from a -- or maybe just two housekeeping. What's your share count in your EPS guidance? And -- go ahead, sorry.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so the share count is -- for the end of the year is 323 million shares. And then we'd expect that to decrease by about 2.5% during 2019 because of this executing on the share repurchase program.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then in the 4.25% to 4.75% for total growth, so 1% is acquisition, is that all rollover?
Nicole Giandinoto: Michael, it's both in year and rollover. So, we do have a little bit of the $200 million that we're investing this year is going to benefit us this year.
Michael Hoffman: Right. So, if those get done earlier, that's the upside to that number, is what I was kind of getting at.
Nicole Giandinoto: Sure.
Michael Hoffman: Yes, okay. Thank you.
Donald Slager: Thanks Michael.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Chien: Hey, good evening. It's Henry Chien calling for Jeff. Just wanted to follow-up on that similar question prior on your cost structure and how you're thinking about beyond natural operating leverage, are there any areas in the business where -- I was just thinking of the technology that you mentioned earlier in your remarks that are opportunities that you could maybe make the sort of long-term margin structure higher.
Donald Slager: What's your definition of long-term?
Henry Chien: The next few years, so beyond next year.
Donald Slager: Okay. Look, there's a lot of upside left in the business, right? I mentioned just something like One Fleet, where we don't talk about it much anymore. Internally, we do quite a bit. Obviously, we measure it against the standards. But there'll be a moment when all new trucks come in. Every truck we have will have been sort of brought into life under the One Fleet banner, and we'll even have a better fleet situation than we have today, right? So that day is out there, but that is long term. Some of this technology, we're excited about this thing we've got going on with Mack on the EV but too early to tell, right? But that's why we're spending time and effort on this because technology has a real place in the future. We talked a little bit about technology in our new Plano next-gen recycling facility. There's sort of some technology yet beyond that, sort of robotics and things like that, that we're testing. So, I will tell you this. I think there's a lot of opportunity yet with our digital operations initiative, and digital platform is kind of our fifth pillar of our strategy. But what I wouldn't want you to do is sort of run away with that too soon because we're involved in the conversations. We're involved in pilots and tests. We're involved in evolving technology where we can. And as we get sort of the magic formula, we'll be talking more about it, and then at that point, we'll be layering it into future guidance. But it's more right now for you to know that there's upside here, and we're working on it. And there'll be a moment when it comes to realization, and we're going to have a lot of talk more about it.
Henry Chien: Okay, great. Sounds good. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Steve Schwartz of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz: Good afternoon everyone.
Donald Slager: Hi there Steve.
Steven Schwartz: If I could just continue on that question with respect to fuel recovery fees, looks like you, in your prepared remarks, noted a pretty significant sequential decline in fuel costs here in the first quarter. And I know that typically there's a lag between your recovery of increasing cost, which is certainly something that I think you faced over the past several quarters. So, as we look for 2019 and your cost versus those fees, can you give us some color there?
Donald Slager: Well, let me start. Fuel recovery fee isn't -- I don't think is frankly much of a story by itself because the purpose of our fuel recovery fee is to create a fair and equitable vehicle to sort of de-risk the fuel that at some times in our history have been pretty volatile. It's somewhat of a built-in hedge against fuel prices. So, while it does go up and down and at times can play a little havoc with our margin because of a lag, net-net of that over the long-term, it doesn't really do much for us. It doesn't help us. It doesn't hurt us. It just sort of negates and offsets the volatility. That's the mindset.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. And then what I would add to that is that we anticipate fuel fee up in 2019. And that's really due to a couple of things. One is the CNG tax credit. So if you think about that had -- providing for us in 2018 a $0.03 benefit in OpEx and then a $0.01 benefit of tax, so that goes away. And then also, we had some hedges in place during 2018 that ended up rolling off. So, because of that, we're expecting fuel to be a little bit higher in 2019 than it was in 2018.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. So, in other words, that cost, you wouldn't expect any significant difference from the 25 basis points that you have built into your revenue guidance for fuel.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yes, that's correct. I mean, if you think about it, the 25 basis points that the revenue goes up; you'd have a corresponding cost increase, maybe a little bit more because the CNG tax credit isn't tied to the fuel recovery fee. And that's the only disconnection you might have in there.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then my second question, my follow-up is just, once again, an extension, I think, of the discussion that you had with Tyler on volume. Through 2018, essentially, your volume declined. So, from a comp standpoint, going through 2019, do you expect your volume to kind of play out through the quarters, I guess, in opposite or in mirror to what happened in 2018?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, I would say that it would be relatively close to what happened in 2018. The only thing I would say that we would need to be cognizant of are some of the quarters where we had especially heavy special waste volumes and C&D volumes coming into our landfill. That could skew the numbers a little bit.
Steven Schwartz: Got. Yes, yes, first quarter of 2018.
Nicole Giandinoto: Exactly.
Donald Slager: Yes.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Slager: I'll just add some color to that. We have a good outlook for growth this year and we've got a good handle on, again, our sales efforts with our good sales tools and a great sales team. We think we're winning our fair share of new business. And at the same time, we're going to maintain the discipline to walk away from some business. We do have some municipal contracts out there that, frankly, don't perform very well for us. We're the incumbent, so we know all the costs and we know all the pressures. And when we're the incumbent and we know that there's no profit or not a reasonable return in these things, we're going to probably walk away from some contracts. That's baked into that number, right? So, that's going to continue. That's no different than it was in 2018. So, you got to make sure you understand that. That's going on behind the scenes net of net. So, we're looking for our teams to either bring these contracts back around to profitability or move the equipment and the assets into utilization in other parts of the business. So, that's the guide we have.
Steven Schwartz: Yes, okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just can you help me with the 30 to 50 basis points margin expansion in 2019? Is this backend-loaded? Is there -- how should we think about the quarterly cadence with still pretty tough recycling comps in the first quarter?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, I would say that it's pretty well distributed throughout the entire year. You're right. We have a little bit of a headwind associated with the recycling in Q1. So, we need to keep that in mind, but other than that, I would say it's pretty well evenly spread.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And then--
Nicole Giandinoto: Yes, Michael, so -- Michael, just to put a finer point on that, so you're exactly right, as Chuck mentioned, our most difficult commodity comp, we still have a little bit of the headwind in Q1 just because that was the highest priced quarter of last year. And then when you look forward, as Don talks about pricing, the pricing momentum will build as we go in and we renegotiate and we get more and more of our recycling municipal customers to agree to price increases. That will build. So, you do see a little bit. Think about Q3 as kind of our strongest quarter and that's kind of where you build up in expansion in Q3. And that's kind of how you can think about the distribution.
Michael Feniger: Okay. That's helpful. And then did you say earlier in your comments that you had 10 basis points of margin expansion of solid waste in the quarter?
Donald Slager: That's right. That's right.
Michael Feniger: Yes. I'm just curious. I mean, if you're talking about shedding non-regrettable contracts, walking away from some of these resi contracts, which we know can be low margin, seeing the best pricing in 10 years and with the mix of the business, wouldn't we -- would we expect that number to be higher at this point of the cycle?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, keep a couple of things in mind. One is that we had a headwind associated with special waste, right? And the other one is that we had -- as we had talked about, a little bit higher cost from our landfill operated. So, that's masking or diminishing that growth that we called out.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And just lastly, that makes sense. On then on average yield, the 2.75%, like how much of that is just automatic from 2018, is just automatic from the CPI uplift? And how much of that is pushing on the open side?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, about 10 to 15 basis points is coming off of CPI.
Michael Feniger: Okay. Thanks guys.
Chuck Serianni: You're welcome.
Donald Slager: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald Slager: Thank you, Denise. In closing, I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to operational excellence, and of course, creating the Republic Way. Additionally, I'd encourage everyone listening to this call to take a few minutes and visit recyclingsimplified.com. It'd be good for everyone to learn how and what to recycle this very day. We all have an opportunity to do our part to create a cleaner and healthier environment. Thanks, everybody, for spending time with us today and be safe out there. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our President and CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 25, 2018. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Also included in our press release are Unaudited Supplemental Schedules that include a pro forma view of third quarter 2017 revenue and cost, had we adopted the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1, 2017. During today's call, all references to changes versus the prior year are based on the 2017 pro forma figures, which are comparable to the 2018 results. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with our strong third quarter results. The team sustained the momentum built in the first half of the year by capitalizing on strong solid waste trends to drive both price and underlying volume growth, advancing our multi-year initiatives to provide an improved customer experience, in addition to safer and more efficient operations, and executing our plans to mitigate recycling headwinds in the short-term and advance our long-term strategy to transform our recycling business. As a result, in the third quarter, we delivered double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow per share, despite an $0.08 headwind from recycling, invested an additional $53 million in value-enhancing acquisitions, bringing our year-to-date total investment to $133 million, and returned approximately $200 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During the quarter, we continued to see solid revenue and EBITDA growth in our collection and disposal businesses, as well as energy services. Together, they contributed 80 basis points of margin expansion. The pricing environment continued to be favorable in the third quarter. Core price was 3.9% and increased 30 basis points from the second quarter. In the open market, core price increased 20 basis points sequentially to 4.6%. In the restricted market, core price increased 50 basis points sequentially to 2.8%. This is the highest restricted core price we've achieved in nearly 10 years. Improving the customer experience continues to be a critical part of our overall business strategy. We achieve this by developing and offering products that are designed to meet our customers' wants and needs and delivering superior service. Doing so helps us retain our customers for a longer period of time and earn a price increase each year. In turn, we successfully raised prices while maintaining our customer defection rate below 7% for a third consecutive quarter. Additionally, we continue to convert our CPI-based contracts to an alternative pricing mechanism. We now have 25% of our CPI-based contracts representing $625 million, transitioned to a waste-related index or fixed rate increase of 3% or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and continue to run higher than CPI. We also continued to see strong underlying volume growth in our collection and disposal businesses in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of non-regrettable losses and a difficult special waste comp, total volume increased 1% over the prior year. We believe the current economic backdrop, including solid consumer sentiment readings, supports continued top-line growth. Next, our energy service business continues to perform well. In the third quarter, total energy services revenues increased 30% over the prior year. Our recycling business also improved in the third quarter. We successfully increased prices and reduced our operating cost by 3.5% sequentially. As we expected, current market conditions are serving as a catalyst to transform our recycling business into a more durable, economically sustainable business, one where companies can continue to invest for the benefit of their communities without undue risk. Our team has been working diligently to execute our short-term plans to mitigate recycling headwinds, as well as advance our longer-term plans to transform our recycling business. In the open market, we continue to see new recycling service at 90% to 100% of the price of solid waste, demonstrating our customers' willingness to pay. We rolled out a recycling processing fee to our recycling collection customers to cover higher processing costs. And this fee contributed 25 basis points to total revenue growth. In the restricted market, we successfully negotiated price increases with a portion of our municipal processing customers, with an annualized benefit of $6 million. These will go into effect in the fourth quarter. We also continued to secure immediate price increases from many of our municipal collection customers. These price increases contributed approximately 10 basis points to average yield. Additionally, we transitioned some of our municipal collection customers to a new pricing model, including multiple municipalities in Texas, Illinois and Iowa. Finally, we continued to leverage technology to increase productivity, reduce costs and improve the quality of material recovered at our processing centers. As a result, we sequentially improved our year-over-year cost headwinds by $0.01. I'm extremely pleased with the results our team has been able to deliver thus far. Although it will take time, with help from our customers and consumers, we can ensure recycling is sustainable for generations to come. Turning to our full-year 2018 guidance. On the second quarter earnings call, we advised that we expected to be at the lower end of our EPS and free cash flow guidance ranges. Given the strength of the business, we now expect EPS to be near the midpoint of the guidance range and free cash flow to be near the upper end of the guidance range, despite a recycling headwind of approximately $0.30 versus the prior year. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our third quarter financial results in greater detail. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Third quarter revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, an increase of $102 million or 4.1% over the prior year. The increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.2% and acquisitions of 1.9%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.4% and was in line with our expectations. Average yield in the collection business was 2.8%, which includes 3% in the small container business, 3% in the large container business and 2.3% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.7%, which includes landfill MSW of 2.2%. The majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.9% and increased 30 basis points from the second quarter. Core price in the open market was 4.6% and core price in the restricted portion of our business was 2.8%. The second component of internal growth is total volume, which decreased 10 basis points over the prior year. Volume in our large container business increased 60 basis points and volume in the small container business decreased 30 basis points. Small container volume included a 90-basis-point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volume would have increased 60 basis points. Volume in our residential business decreased 2.9%. The decrease was expected based upon our strategic decision not to renew certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. The post collection business made up of third-party landfill and transportation volume increased 2.4%. Landfill volume increased 2.3%. Growth in MSW and special waste volume was partially offset by an anticipated decrease in C&D volume. More specifically, landfill MSW volume increased 3%. Landfill special waste volume increased 3.9%, despite a difficult comp in the prior year. C&D volume decreased 60 basis points versus the prior year due to a difficult comp. In the prior year, C&D volume increased substantially due to hurricane-related clean-up efforts in the South. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 80 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel fuel increased to $3.24 in the third quarter from $2.63 in the prior year, an increase of 23%. The current average diesel price is up $0.14 from September levels. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 10 basis points. This is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin where we continue to be well-positioned. The final component of internal growth is recycling, processing and commodity revenue, which decreased 1%. The decrease in revenue primarily relates to a decrease in the number of tons sold and lower recycle commodity prices, which was partially offset by the new recycling processing fee rolled out to our recycling collection customers to cover higher processing costs. The recycling processing fee contributed an incremental 25 basis points of pricing. It's important to note that our average yield of 2.4% does not include the 25-basis-point benefit from the recycling processing fee. Excluding glass/organics, average commodity prices decreased 37% to $106 per ton in the third quarter, down from $167 per ton in the prior year. In the fourth quarter, we expect the headwind from lower recycle commodity prices to decrease as the prior-year comp becomes easier. Next I will discuss changes in margin. In the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 70 basis points to 28.4% from 29.1% in the prior year. This included 80 basis points of expansion from the solid waste business, including collection, disposal and energy services, which was more than offset by a 150-basis-point headwind from recycling. Keep in mind, following 28 quarters of low CPI, we are now just beginning to see the margin benefit from higher CPI in conversions to the water, sewer, trash index. In the third quarter, SG&A expense as a percentage of revenue was 10.2%. For the full year, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be approximately 10.4%. Third quarter 2018 interest expense was $95 million, which included $10 million of non-cash amortization. Keep in mind, 17% of our debt portfolio has a variable interest rate. Therefore every 100-basis-point increase in variable rates will increase annual interest expense by approximately $15 million. Our all-in adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter was 23.6% and in line with our expectations. In the fourth quarter, we expect our all-in effective tax rate to be approximately 23.5%. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.82, an increase of $0.15 or 22% over the prior year. EPS included a $0.12 benefit from tax reform, which was partially offset by an $0.08 headwind from recycling. Adjusted free cash flow through the first three quarters was $968 million, an increase of 60% versus the prior year. The growth in free cash flow was due to an increase in EBITDA, lower cash taxes primarily due to tax reform, and the timing of tax payments. During the quarter, we returned $203 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Don to discuss our preliminary outlook for 2019.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. Given the predictability and consistency of our business, similar to prior years, we are providing a preliminary outlook for next year. We are currently midway through our annual planning process. Based on our initial reviews and assuming current business and economic conditions continue, we project the following for 2019: Adjusted EPS of $3.23 to $3.28 and adjusted free cash flow of $1.125 billion to $1.175 billion. This represents mid- to high-single-digit growth in EPS and free cash flow per share despite rising interest rate environment. Also contemplated in our outlook is a tax rate headwind of approximately $0.16 and an incremental $50 million capital investment of tax reform savings back into the business for the benefit of our front-line employees. Excluding the impact of taxes and tax reinvestment, our outlook includes double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow per share. We will achieve these results in 2019 by securing price increases in excess of our cost inflation, growing volume for the seventh straight year, executing on our profitable growth through differentiation strategy to enhance the customer experience and drive additional operating leverage in the business; continuing to transition our municipal recycling customers to a more durable fee-based pricing model, including a fee that fully acknowledges the cost to collect and process the material with a more equitable risk sharing arrangement; effectively deploying capital to fund profitable organic growth and value-enhancing acquisitions; and consistently and efficiently returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Similar to prior years, we will provide detailed financial guidance for 2019 in February of next year. In summary, our 2018 performance, along with a favorable economic backdrop, position us well for continued growth in 2019. Next year, as we anniversary the headwinds from recycling, we expect our results to demonstrate the strength and operating leverage of our business. This includes strong top-line growth, 30 basis points to 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion, and double-digit growth in EPS and free cash flow per share. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Slager. The first question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Tyler.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Yeah, nice quarter. So I appreciate the early look into 2019. You mentioned the 30 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion next year. That's very solid. But I am a little curious about how we get there. So, first, is there any assumption of a margin benefit from, say, recycling, be it a processing fee or commodities? And then, given what's going on the unit cost inflation side of the equation, what kind of average yield do you think you need to achieve to overcome that heightened inflation? I mean, do you need north of a 3% yield to get there?
Donald W. Slager: What an ironic question that was, Tyler. So, look, let me start with a really strong performance here as we end the year, right? So we're really happy with the quarter. Again, the underlying fundamentals of the business of strong volume/price, and we pulled through some of the highest prices we've seen in years, right? So, that price is going to continue and build and we'll have certain things that start to anniversary in our favour. We're already having impact from our efforts to change the recycling model here in this year and we'll have more impact in Q4. Those will start to come to bear throughout the year. And again, we have 1,100 contracts we talk to, municipal contracts. We've already converted quite a few of them to a new model. We are still talking to over 40% of them today is to move in that direction. So there's a lot of that good happening. As far as the commodity value, we have that flat into next year, right? So, if that comes back, we sort of get the automatic benefit. You've heard me say before, I hope it doesn't come back. I hope it just stays right where it is, because that's how we'll fix this recycling model. And we don't want any of our people sort of getting weak in the knees. We need to push through to a new model that gives us predictable consistent returns in that business and then shares the upside with customers, if they do a good job and a responsible job with the contamination. So we're going to continue to push that. We're getting benefit in maintenance. We're getting benefit in some of the labor activity. We've got a lot of good things happening underlying the business that are starting to now show up, and that's how we get the margin expansion. It's just good old-fashioned blocking, tackling. Pricing continued to be strong, and a good economic backdrop in solid waste.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And then maybe coming back a little bit to the pricing. So I know next year the CPI look-back is going to benefit 2019 mathematically. But I'm just curious if you can talk about how quickly you can push through on the open market side, maybe talk about how Capture plays a role in that? And maybe how quickly you can pivot in the open market side?
Donald W. Slager: As it relates to recycling or just solid waste?
Patrick Tyler Brown: Just solid waste pricing
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, Capture is the tool we use to really, one, make our sales team more efficient, make the selling experience better for customers, but also keep some level of centralized control over the process. So Capture is a real-time tool. So as we see the opportunity and the pricing flexibility, markets change, we're able to really act quickly with the pricing that we move into the marketplace. And of course, when we price our open market customers, we use this RPM process, where we're only pricing a segment of the customers per month. So we've got the ability to kind of accelerate/decelerate depending on what we're seeing in the market. So that's the tool we use. And again, if you look at the pricing that we're getting now, I think it was on the last call you asked me some similar question. Don, are you going to need pricing that looks more like 3% to start to offset some of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in, for instance, long-haul trucking or leachate? And my answer to you was, yes, we're going to have to move pricing north from where it is today. And you can see now just in the last few months, our efforts, moving pricing in the right direction sequentially. So we're going to continue, as I said in my comments, to get pricing over normal inflation costs, net of productivity. And we're prepared to do that. Our people are good at it. We've got the systems in place to do it. And we're confident we can do that with the good economic backdrop we have.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Good. I'll turn it over. Good stuff. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. My first question is just around how you guys think about your U.S. housing exposure versus others in the sector. It feels like legacy Republic had more exposure because of Sunbelt states. But then you also have a slide in your deck that others do not, signifying sort of a correlation to single-family housing starts. So do you guys have more exposure? Or is that just a coincidence that you guys talk about it more?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I'll let Chuck give you some numbers on this. But I think we had a lot of exposure when the bubble burst, because of the overcapacity that was built out in places like Florida and Arizona and Las Vegas. And those are markets that we're very dense in. Of course, we don't have that problem today. Frankly, today there's more sort of a supply shortage.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah.
Donald W. Slager: Right? So we're on the other end of it. So I still think this steady growth in housing is still good for the business. I'd much prefer sort of a steady improvement than a sudden improvement. And if the market continues to move toward the all-time average of 1.5 million [housing starts], even the 1.4 million, we're sub that today. So I think we're well positioned and right in the way of the growth. And so the growth will come to us. As far as having more than anybody else, I don't know that that's true.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I don't think that that's true either. When we talk about housing starts, we're really talking about that as a proxy for consumer sentiment, how the consumers really feel about the economy. The consumers are really the ones that drive GDP. They're really the ones that drive the growth in the business. So we look at housing right now, it's still strong, it's 1.2 million units and that's up 6.6% over the prior year. So we still see good growth in housing. Even if it stays kind of at 1.2 million or creeps up a little bit from there, that still tells us that the consumer feels very good about the economy. And if they feel good about the economy, they're going to spend more money and that's going to generate waste, which is good for us.
Donald W. Slager: And remember, Hamzah, we lag these changes, right? So if there's something moving there that is of any sort of material impact to the business, I think we'll see it coming a long way off. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Right. Makes sense. And my follow-up question is just around how to think about M&A as you look into 2019. You talked about $200 million this year. It feels like the last time you did below $100 million was in 2016. So, just maybe walk us through, is $200 million the right number to look at in 2019? And is that just solid waste or are you looking at energy as well? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Well, thanks. Well, look, I think overall I would tell you that the pipeline is robust. We're not giving exact guidance on M&A for next year, but I think you could say it's certainly going to be north of $150 million in 2019 based on what we know today. That that pipeline builds over time. So we've got a good group of people that wake up every day and think about this. We've got a number of interesting acquisition candidates in the pipeline today. So we'll see good progress continue. And again, the good news is we're still paying a reasonable amount for these deals on a multiple basis post synergy. So I think we'll see a continued benefit from acquisitions still and well into 2019. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Brian.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Thanks for the yearly color on 2019 guidance. Just to try and tease out a little bit some of the components, I know it's still early, but the 30 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion, I just wanted to make sure I have the right starting point. I think you were previously talking about a 28.0% for 2018. Is that still what you're looking for? And so we should think about it being like a 28.3%, a 28.5% next year, is that right?
Charles F. Serianni: That's right, Brian.
Donald W. Slager: You're right.
Charles F. Serianni: That's right.
Brian Maguire: Okay. So, just want to make sure I have the right starting point there. Yeah. And then based on your comments around the tax impact next year and assuming even if acquisitions contribute only half the growth that they did this year, it seems to imply yield price plus volumes are maybe up 3%. My math might be off a little bit, but seems like somewhere in that ballpark. It seems still lower than what others are talking about. We have one guy talking about 3% plus 3% this morning. Others are doing more like 2% plus 2% in this environment. Just wondering if you think about 2019, we're talking about price maybe having to get almost up to 3% just to offset inflation. Does that leave us much for volume growth? And if not, is there anything you guys are looking at in the 2019 that would cause you to think we're not going to see a pickup in volume growth?
Donald W. Slager: Well, all right. Well, look, we're not giving a detailed guidance for 2019. We've given our preliminary outlook. Again, based on what we're seeing in the business today, again, strong economic backdrop, we still think there's room to run here, good execution in our initiatives, already good progress in restructuring and revamping this recycling business, really strong pricing, strongest in years. As Chuck said, we're starting now see the benefit of the compounding benefit of rolling over with the new alternative index starting to take place. Higher CPI, we think that continues to fuel progress into 2019. Remember, when it comes to volume, we've got a little bit of our business to shed still with the brokered business. We're not afraid to walk away from bad contracts with municipalities. So we talked about non-regrettable losses, so that'll still be part of our 2019 story, right? But, again, we're starting from a strong position here in ending Q3 and already in Q4. So I gave you a lot of color, but we think the volume and the pricing traction that we're seeing will continue into 2019.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Yeah. I think that broker component continuing is probably what I was missing initially, but that makes sense. Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And I would just add, we're talking about the 28% margin here in 2018. If not for this recycling headwind, we'd be at 29.5% for 2018, okay? So we would have been sort of a stone's throw from that 30% goal we set for ourselves. And then our friends in China can then kind of put us back on our heels a little bit. But we're standing up and we're going right back at it again and all these things we've got, they're making progress for us in 2018, they're going to bode well for us in 2019. We're going to march right back to a better margin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hey. Good afternoon. Appreciate you calling out the 25 bps revenue growth from recycling processing fees. You're clearly making a lot of progress there. So, first, can you remind us of the magnitude of the EBITDA impact you're expecting from recycling this fiscal year and what kind of tailwind you might be able to generate in the recycling line of business in 2019 as a result of these initiatives?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what we're expecting this year is 140 basis points of compression from recycling in 2018. And obviously, we'll get a little bit of a benefit associated with the actions that we've already put into place in Q3. So, if we just talk about the annual value of the Q3 actions, it's about $40 million, that's the annual value. So, about $20 million of a rollover benefit in 2019. And I need to point out that that doesn't include any of the actions that we expect to be able to take here in Q4.
Noah Kaye: Great. Next, I think you mentioned a $0.16 tax rate headwind for next year. Does that imply the tax rate going back to 27% or 28%, what's the right number?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, going back to 27%.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. And then if I could just take one more crack at what I think a couple others have been trying to get at. It looks like you'll probably get 1%, maybe 1.5% growth from M&A next year. You're moving past the impacts of rev rec. So, underlying volume growth in particular, I think a lot of people are focused on that. You're coming off of kind of an easy headline comp this year. So, any reason why underlying volume growth rate, you can't be in that 1% to 2% range?
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, this is not guidance, right? But let's just talk about the predictability of the business, that's the hallmark of the business, right? Other than sort of these sort of anomalies like China's actions or things like that, or the housing bubble reaching 3 million units or whatever heck it did and bursting years ago, generally speaking, things do not always move pretty slow. So, when you've got good traction and momentum, you've got the underlying fundamentals we have, they tend to sort of stay with you for a period of time. And as I said, I think it was to Hamzah, because we lag, we still sort of see these other big changes coming. So, think about that predictability. We also tell people, right, that the business grows with household formation, population growth, business formation. We see that continuing, right? We also tell people that, look, on average the business can grow sort of through this cycle sort of 1.5% to 2% organic volume, right? Now we have some takeaways from that because we've got some business we're shedding in a non-regrettable way. So I didn't just give you guidance. I just gave you general backdrop of this business. Pricing, we generally are able to price ahead of inflation. Now we ran into a problem when CPI went away from us and now we're getting our grip back on that. So, as I said in my comments, we're going to price ahead of inflation in 2019. So, that pricing historically has been 2.5% to, in some cases, 3%. Now that sort of varies a little bit by line of business, by market vertical. But those are sort of generalities that underscore the strength, the predictability in this business, and that's what we're seeing now. We're seeing some of that CPI anomaly sort of going, again, in our rear-view mirror. We're making a great deal of headway in this China situation. And while it's just a lot of hard work, it's all stuff we know how to do and we're already getting the benefit. It's showing up in the numbers now and that's what gives you confidence into 2019.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much for the color, Don. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Thank you so much. I know there's been some discussion in the industry, and I know we heard from one of your competitors this morning about some increasing third-party costs, transportation-related, labor-related. Can you address that? I'm assuming that's something you're seeing. How you're able to push that through in terms of price increases to your customers?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Sure. We are seeing some of that. Again, we generally don't handle our own waste transfer trucking. So we generally hire a third-party to move waste from our transfer stations to our landfills. The long-haul trucking companies are experiencing a great deal of cost increase and labor shortage and turnover. That's kind of coming into that space a little bit. We're doing a much better job with our own drivers, with our own front-line workforce, because we've spent a lot of time trying to work on creating a great work environment, employee engagement and the rest of it. But we are seeing that coming and we're building that into our cost inflation model. We're building that into our pricing assumptions. We're building that into our go-forward planning when it comes to renewing large contracts and so forth.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Okay. Great. And my follow-up question, I just want to confirm something I thought I heard you say. But if we take out the recycling headwinds that you've seen this year and just look at your core business, margins are up on a year-over-year basis. I know there's some noise in terms of the revenue recognition, but I just want to confirm that that's the case.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Yeah. Margins would be up anywhere from 60 basis points to 80 basis points during the year. And obviously, that's being masked this year because of recycling. But when we guide to 30 basis points to 50 basis points EBITDA margin expansion, that's where you truly see how the solid waste piece of the business is growing.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask a quick question on you had a nice jump in the restricted pricing, up 50 bps. When we kind of think about the open, I mean you're kind of at this 4.5% mark the last three quarters. Should we be thinking next year that's kind of the ceiling on the pricing gains in the open market? And where you're getting most of the leverage is really on that restricted because of the CPI? Is that kind of how to think about it? Is there like a limit on the pricing gains base that we're seeing in the open market right now?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. You could think about it that way. I mean, we're going to continue to explore price elasticity by market, by market vertical, whether it's large container, small container, what have you. We're going to continue to do that. Our tools allow us to do that, our people are really good at it. We are, again, seeing the benefit now of the rolling over of moving restricted business to a more credible and appropriate index. That's certainly going to give us a lot of help as we go through time. And even though CPI is starting to look a little more like normal, we're not going to relax and go back to CPI. We are moving forward to change contracts over time to water, sewer, trash or a fixed 3% or greater. That's still our model. That's still what we're aiming at. Just like I said, if China changes its tune, if recycling gets better, we're still going to continue to change the model to something that's durable. We're going to take this volatility out of the business. So again, I'm not giving detailed pricing guidance by market vertical today. But again, the underlying strength, the results we're getting today, you can kind of model those into next year and get a pretty good handle on it I think.
Michael Feniger: Makes sense. And then on the internal cost inflation, we're kind of thinking about next year. I mean, I know the rule of thumb I believe used to be around 2.5% and then you guys would get 50 bps of productivity. I mean, how is that framework kind of changing into next year? And can you still get that 50 bps of productivity gains?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what we've said historically is cost inflation at about 2% to 2.25% and that's net of the productivity gains that you spoke of. As we look now and then into 2019, we're thinking that costs are probably going to trend up closer to 2.5%. And once again, that's net of the productivity gains. And that's why getting the price increase that Don had talked about is so important. And that's what allows us to get the EBITDA margin expansion in 2019.
Donald W. Slager: Right. We've always said, we can't offset normal inflation through productivity. There's just not that much sloppiness in our business. So while we get better every year across many different functions and capabilities, there's not so much sloppiness to overcome inflation. So we just have to adjust pricing to do that. And when there are real broad-based legitimate things happening in labor or with trucking and those kind of things, we're able to go to customers and get it done. And our contracts, the markets allow us typically to do that. And again, with CPI now being something that we're getting in our hand or at least when it's improving and we're changing the index, that can help us get that.
Michael Feniger: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. One housekeeping, what's the share count you're using for the per share guidance?
Charles F. Serianni: For 2018, Michael, or for 2019?
Michael E. Hoffman: 2019.
Charles F. Serianni: For 2019, we're going to have to get back to you on that, Michael, I don't have it in front of me.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then, you really helped bring a little clarity to all of this hand-wringing around what the price environment is supposed to be next year. You're at 2.4%, 2.5% second half of this year. You're going to put pricing initiatives in the fourth quarter on an open market basis. CPI is trending at up 40 basis points this year. So it would be reasonable to think that I take the trend out of the second half of this year and it progressively gets better all year long and that's the way to think about it, right?
Donald W. Slager: In 2019.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. The trend for 2019, yeah, that's right, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah. Okay. And then...
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. But we're never just sitting still, right? So there's always something happening in the market with our tools, with the way we're adjusting pricing, with our fees, with whatever, there's always something new happening that ultimately rolls into the pricing format, right? And the reality is that some of these inflationary costs are beyond our control that we have to overcome. And then as you said, CPI, and every time we're successful in getting a new contract rolled over with a new index, every time we're successful convincing a new recycling customer to go to a fee-based structure, each one of those things just keeps rolling into the business, right, and ultimately moving that number up through time.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then the volume question, everybody keeps wringing our hands about as well. When you shook away all the noise of regrettable losses and contracts you chose to walk away from, this year you had a positive volume that I would assume that's something in that 1.5%, 2-ish range.
Donald W. Slager: Well, above 1%.
Michael E. Hoffman: It was underlying...
Donald W. Slager: Above 1%.
Michael E. Hoffman: Above 1%.
Donald W. Slager: And better next year.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. So, that's where I was going. Okay. That's all I needed. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Michael.
Nicole Giandinoto: Hey, Michael. Just on your share question, what I would tell you is think about it in how we've always talked about it. We first invest in CapEx and M&A. And then from there, we return the remainder of the cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. So I would just kind of think through that as you're modeling it and we'll get more detailed guidance in February.
Michael E. Hoffman: All right. Well, you tend to buy back 2% to 3%. So I was assuming I was going to just reduce the number on a rolling basis 2%.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. I think that's a good...
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, that's fair. That's fair.
Nicole Giandinoto: ...starting point.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Operator: The next question will be from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Corey Greendale: Hey. Good afternoon. I think, Don, you've been pretty articulate about how you're thinking about pricing. But maybe just a little bit on landfill pricing, and I know a lot of that is locked up under long-term contracts, but just given  well, it sounds like a good environment overall. Do you expect any sort of inflecting on that in 2019 or thinking about that any differently?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I should like to expect more landfill pricing, but here's the deal. Most of our landfill volume, besides all the volume that Republic brings to its own landfills, comes from municipalities. So, that restricted price is getting restricted generally to CPI, except for those contracts that we've begun to move to a different index. The unrestricted volume looks more like a 3% to 4% price increase. So we're going to continue to move that up. I'm a little disappointed that it hasn't been able to move up faster. But as we've shared with you before, I mean we've been pretty straightforward on the cost of these landfills, the cost of leachate, the scarcity of the asset. And we continue to move pricing up and unfortunately that dislocated some volume to other landfills that have been willing to take on all that cost and liability for less than we are. So it's still something that I think over time has more room for upside. That's really not baked into our 2019 guide or 2019 preliminary outlook.
Corey Greendale: Got it. And my follow-up is I think hopefully pretty easy question which is just can you remind me the consolidation of the service centers, is that totally a 2018 cost benefit or is there some benefit in 2019? And just can you quantify what it is in 2018, if there isn't anything in 2019?
Donald W. Slager: No we pretty much got it done, right? It's pretty much behind us.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It's 2018.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah.
Corey Greendale: So, just in terms of roughly what the benefit is in 2018 versus 2017?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It's the SG&A improvement, that's the primary improvement year-over-year, so call it 20 basis points to 30 basis points.
Corey Greendale: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for your closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Well, thank you, Denise. In closing, I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic Way. And you could all do me one favor and go to recyclingsimplified.com, so everyone can learn how to recycle responsibly. Tell all your friends to be friendly to the planet, it'll change your life. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending this presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 26, 2018. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes the GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Also included in our press release are Unaudited Supplemental Schedules that include a pro forma view of second quarter 2017 revenue and cost, had we adopted the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1, 2017. During today's call, all references to changes versus the prior year are based on the 2017 pro forma figures, which are comparable to 2018 results. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our strong second quarter results. The team sustained the momentum built in the first quarter by executing our business plan, advancing our multiyear initiatives and capitalizing on strong solid waste trends. As a result, we continued to grow both price and volume, effectively managed our costs, and despite a $0.10 headwind from recycling delivered double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. Additional second quarter highlights include adjusted EPS of $0.73, an increase of 20%; adjusted free cash flow of $323 million, an increase of 173%. Core price was 3.6% and average yield was 2.1%, both in line with our expectations. Average yield was strongest in our small container and large container businesses. The majority of these customers are in open markets where we can leverage increases in demand for service, our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. We have converted almost 25% or $590 million of our CPI-based contracts to a waste-related index or a fixed-rate increase of 3% or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have historically run higher than CPI. Volumes during the quarter increased 60 basis points. Excluding the impact of non-regrettable losses and a difficult special waste comparison in the prior year, volume growth would have been 1.4%. The solid waste business contributed 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. We maintained customer defection of less than 7% for the second quarter in a row. We invested $56 million in tuck-in acquisitions in the second quarter, plus an additional $42 million in July. This brings our year-to-date investment to $123 million. In February, we guided to over $150 million of investment for the full year. Our pipeline continues to be robust and we now expect investment  to invest approximately $200 million in tuck-in acquisitions for the full year. And finally, we continued our practice of increasing cash returns to our shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $328 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, our board approved a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend. This is consistent with our historical practice of raising the dividend in the mid- to high-single-digit range. The annualized dividend is now $1.50 per share. Next, I'd like to make a few comments on recycling. At this time, China's actions continue to create a supply-demand imbalance for recovered paper. This unprecedented imbalance is causing commodity prices to remain low and processing costs to increase as mills become more selective in the quality of material they buy. While this situation is painful in the near term, we believe these market conditions will serve as the catalyst needed to transform recycling into a durable, sustainable business model, a model in which companies can continue to invest for the benefit of their communities without undue risk. The Republic team is taking action. We are working diligently to both minimize the near-term impact of these headwinds and accelerate efforts to shift our municipal customers to a fee-based pricing model with a more equitable risk-sharing arrangement. First, in the open market, we are raising prices to cover higher processing costs resulting from stricter contamination requirements. Second, in the restricted market, our sales team is meeting face to face with our 1,000-plus municipal recycling customers. We are requesting an immediate price increase and adoption of a new pricing structure at or before contract renewal. This structure includes a fee to collect the material, plus a net processing fee that factors in processing cost, contamination levels and commodity prices. Of the customers we've met with to-date, 10% have already agreed to an incremental price increase within the next six months. And another 60% are reviewing and approving price adjustments or considering implementing the new pricing structure by the next contract cycle. Typically, negotiations with staff and city council approvals take months to obtain. So, we're extremely pleased with the initial results of these concentrated efforts over the past 90 days. Third, to support our initiatives to increase prices and transition to a new pricing structure, we are leveraging the current environment to drive awareness and change among our customers and consumers. For example, we are hosting webcasts, presenting to state and local officials and conducting interviews with local and national media. Additionally, we are meeting with municipal solid waste directors and consultants to review the new pricing model and explain why it must be included in future RFPs. And finally, we are leveraging technology to increase productivity, reduce cost and improve the quality of material recovered at our processing centers. Our customers have told us repeatedly that recycling is important to them, and they are demonstrating their willingness to pay. Although it will take time, with their help, we can ensure recycling is sustainable for generations to come. Next, turning to our full-year guidance. Despite a recycling headwind of approximately $0.30 versus the prior year, we are reiterating our full-year EPS and free cash flow guidance. Growth in the solid waste business is more than offsetting the headwind from recycling. In fact, even if you remove the benefit from tax reform, we still expect to see mid- to high-single-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow, despite the recycling headwind. Looking forward, the immediate actions we are taking in the recycling business will not only benefit the remainder of 2018, but will also generate positive momentum heading into next year. Furthermore, the current macro indicators that impact our business continue to remain favorable. We believe this will lead to an increasingly supportive pricing environment and continued volume growth in the future. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chuck, who's going to discuss our financial results in greater detail. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Second quarter revenue was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $94 million or 3.9% over the prior year. The increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.1% and acquisitions of 1.8%. The components of internal growth are as follows: First, average yield increased 2.1% and was in line with our expectations. Average yields in the collection business was 2.4%, which includes 2.6% in the small container business, 2.5% in the large container business and 2% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.5%, which includes landfill MSW of 2%. The majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.6%. Core price consisted of 4.4% in the open market and 2.3% in the restricted portion of our business. The second component of internal growth is total volume, which increased 60 basis points over the prior year. Volumes in our large container business increased 2.5% and volumes in the small container business were essentially flat, as expected. Small container volumes included an 80 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have increased 80 basis points. Volumes decreased 2.8% in the residential business. The decrease was expected, based upon our strategic decision not to renew certain contracts that fell below our return of criteria. The post collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 1.3%. Landfill volume was essentially flat. Growth in MSW and C&D was offset by a decrease in special waste. More specifically, landfill MSW volume increased 1.8% and C&D volume increased 8.3%. Special waste volume decreased 4.5% due to a difficult comp in the prior year. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 60 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel fuel increased to $3.19 in the second quarter from $2.55 in the prior year, an increase of 25%. The current average diesel price is $3.22 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue increased 20 basis points. This is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin, where we continue to be well-positioned. The final component of internal growth is recycling processing and commodity revenue, which decreased 1.4%. The decrease in revenue primarily relates to lower recycle commodity prices and tons sold. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 42% to $91 per ton in the second quarter, down from $157 per ton in the prior year. As Don discussed earlier, recycling continues to be a headwind. But it's important to note that recycling processing and commodity revenue represents less than 5% of Republic's total revenue. Additionally, beginning in Q4 of this year and into 2019, we expect the recycling headwind to decrease as the prior-year comps become easier. Next, I will discuss changes in margin. In the second quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 180 basis points to 27.4% versus 29.2% in the prior year. This included 50 basis points of expansion from the solid waste business, which was more than offset by 190 basis point headwind from recycling and a 40 basis point headwind from increasing fuel prices during the quarter. Our fuel recovery fee lags changes in diesel prices. Therefore, in a rising fuel price environment, we face a temporary headwind. In the second quarter, SG&A expense as a percentage of revenue was 10%. For the full year, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be approximately 10.4%. Second quarter 2018 interest expense was $97 million, which included $10 million of noncash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24.7%, which was lower than expected due to the resolution of an open tax matter. The lower tax rate provided a $0.01 benefit to EPS relative to the prior year. In the second half of the year, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 24% due to tax planning opportunities. Second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.73, an increase of $0.12 or 20% over the prior year. EPS included a $0.12 benefit from tax reform, which was offset by a $0.10 headwind from recycling. Adjusted free cash flow for the first half of the year was $679 million, an increase of 89% versus the prior year. The growth in free cash flow was due to solid growth in EBITDA and a favorable benefit from the timing of working capital, which we expect to partially reverse in the second half of the year. Next, we returned $320 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This included 3.2 million shares repurchased for approximately $215 million. And finally, as Don mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our full year 2018 EPS and free cash flow guidance ranges. If recycled commodities remain at July levels of approximately $95 per ton, we expect to be at the low end of our guidance ranges. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Operator: And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question today will come from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. The first question is just around M&A. Don, you sort of raising the tuck-ins that you're doing. Historically, I think you said $100 million tuck-ins. Today, it's running a lot higher. Just curious what the pipeline overall looks like. And at what point do you sort of run into sort of antitrust? I guess you're at $10 billion in revenue today. Can you get the $15 billion before that's an issue or just maybe size up your pipeline longer term?
Donald W. Slager: Well. Look, if you think about the industry being $60 billion and what do we say $30 billion of it's still in the hands of private entrepreneurs.
Charles F. Serianni: 35%.
Donald W. Slager: 35%. So, there is a big chunk out there. The issue really comes to  and you've heard me say this before most likely, we're not incenting people to sell their businesses. We're buying good quality businesses from good quality operators. People are getting to a place in the life cycle of their business where selling the company is an option. And that may be because of their life plan, their succession plan, their age, you name it. But it's been a good robust pipeline. We think the pipeline remains robust into next year. We think we continue to deploy, call it that, $100 million, $150 million a year for several years at least because that's sort of the timetable or the sales cycle, the pipeline we look at. So as far as your antitrust question, when you think about this business, it still remains a local business. When we think about having a first or second market position, which we do across 95% of our revenue, having a first market position may mean  it may start with the fact that you're vertically integrated, but it may mean you only have a market share of 25% or 30%. And so, there's plenty of room to grow our share of a market through tuck-in acquisitions for quite a few years to come. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. And just a follow-up question on recycling. The actions you're taking are very encouraging. I guess, it revolves mostly around contract renegotiations. And so, just curious whether you think you have to spend capital in the recycling business today or maybe at a later stage or maybe that's off the table? And then maybe for Chuck, is the recycling headwind $0.30 that's baked into the guidance? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: All right. I'll start and let Chuck finish up. I think you asked three questions there, Hamzah. So, the first one is, look  and I may have to say it a couple of more times on this call, because I'm sure it's on everyone's mind. And I said it in the prepared remarks. This issue that we're facing right now emanating from China, while it's really painful in 2018, it really is overall a good thing. And so, I'm really optimistic about this serving as the catalyst needed to actually change, then fix the business. So as we said before, recycling is a product our customers want to buy. It's a growing part of the waste stream. It's a business we want to be in because we want to be a good partner to our customers. The fact is our customers are voting with their wallets and they are paying more for recycling. We've been very effective raising prices in the open market on recycling without losing volume. It's the contractual nature of the municipal business, contracts that are sort of five years on average, and the nature of municipal budgets and sort of a political aspect of too many decision makers in the process that slow us down there. But the good news is individuals, consumers want to recycle, staff wants to recycle and certainly city councils and mayors don't want to give up recycling. So, we think there is a lot of room here to finally fix the business. I said in my remarks, we've talked to the lion's share of our 1,100 customers already and we're getting good results. We've already renegotiated some contracts with new pricing ahead of the contract date. We have a lot of customers already taking our advice and thinking about new ways to do things. We certainly have a handful of customers who kind of scoffed at it. We'll have to reassess whether we like that partnership or not. Partnership's a two-way street. We're making a lot of progress. There is a lot of room for pricing here and we're going to really use this opportunity to fix this business. And the one point I'll make too is when we break this down to the absolute lowest common denominator, a household, a household is paying on average in the country $25 a month for twice-a-week service; one's for trash, one's recycling. Let's say that's $20 on trash and $5 on recycling. That $5 needs to be $10 or $12. So, we're not talking about amount of money that breaks the bank for an individual rate payer and that's what lawmakers, city councils, and people need to understand. And I think the average citizen who wants to recycle and do good things for the environment will be more than willing to do that to make this right. And so, that is the road we're going down. So, as far as CapEx, we will invest in CapEx. These won't be new facilities. These will be some advanced technology. So we've already invested some CapEx in sorting equipments, some robotics, things like that. We'll continue to do that, but that won't be a material change in our capital spending, Hamzah. I'll turn it over to Chuck.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. To Hamzah, in terms of your question, so in our guide right now is $0.30 to $0.32 of headwind associated with recycling business. And the good news is that that's been offset by the solid waste business. The solid waste business continues to perform very, very well. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just a question on cost inflation. I think we're seeing just general labor tightness. Obviously, trucking drivers is more of a long-haul situation. But I guess kind of general inflation out there. Some others in the industry has suggested you're kind of seeing 4% to 5% rates. So I was wondering if you can kind of validate what you're seeing? And then kind of related to that as we exit this year and go into next year, what sort of a yield net pricing do you think you need to keep margins flat in the current environment?
Donald W. Slager: Okay. Again, a multi-faceted question. So, let's start with labor. We are seeing some increases in labor cost, in direct labor and that is a result  let's start with the good news, right. That is the result of a strong economy. So, the underlying factor here is a strong economy. A strong economy helps our business beat (25:02) from a growth perspective. The fact that there are some labor increase also drives some inflation across the board and we've always said a little inflation is good for us. Remember, we've got a big chunk of business still. Even though we're making a big dent in that restricted market, we still have some business that escalates with CPI. So, the fact that there's a little more inflation that will come back to us through CPI pricing as well. As relates to labor for us, we are in some markets, in select markets raising some wages and, frankly, rethinking some of our pay plans. Because here's the thing, we're focused on being an employer of choice, being a great place to work, attracting the best and brightest people. We're going to continue to do that, we believe the market pay. But the backdrop to that is our turnover is low. And it's dramatically lower than general industry. It's lower than trucking by a long shot. And in the waste space, we think our turnover is lower than anybody's, and specifically drivers and techs  in fact, our tech turnover went down year-over-year. So again, when we talk about employee engagement, do the right thing by people, and being that great place to work, we're really serious about it, and that's one of the things, I think, that's helped us offset some of these pressures in the labor market. But we'll see a little pressure there. And then as it relates to some of the long-haul waste transfer business, we'll see a little pressure there. But the fact is, if those are structural changes, that allows us a room to price, right, because these type of things affect all companies. They don't just affect one company. We think they'll affect us less because of our focus on people and talent and turnover and the work environment. But we'll use the opportunity for pricing and we'll gain the advantage from how it affects CPI. In all other instances, there's a delay. Right? You've got to review, but we're being responsive. So, we'll see more price in the second half of the year. Our RPM process, which you know is we don't just price once a year all the same time, we price throughout the year. So we've got still four buckets of price through the remainder of the year that we can lever up on in the open market, we'll do that to start to make up for it. And we'll push for pricing that looks more like a 3% yield, frankly. And that's the conversations we're having internally.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. One on recycling, this is maybe a little bit of a bigger picture. One, not trying to get too much into the ins and outs of China and what's going on, but a lot of commodity markets, when you see a demand shock, like we've seen from China, prices reset lower like we've seen. But then there's oftentimes a supply response. Recycling seems very different. Sort of the future that you're portraying is one where really there won't be much change in supply. Everyone wants to do the right thing. My question is sort of, is there a place to put all of this material if China follows through on some of its proposals? Today, are you able to actually place all these tons somewhere in the world, albeit at a lower price and not a great margin? And maybe you can kind of also just comment on how much you're actually exporting to China today that you would have to move to other markets if they did truly come out of the market?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, to use easy math, we're still about 60% domestic and about 40% that we export, right. And again, that's general math. Don't hold me to those exact numbers. But use 60/40 to make the discussion easy. We've moved material away from China. We're virtually sending nothing to China today. We're still very closely in contact with our partners in China who have had to shut down a capacity because there is no inflow of material. They, I think, would agree with us, the demand for packaging is not lessening. In fact, most people you talk to, if not all people you talk to, believe that two things are true. The demand for paper packaging is going to continue to increase. If people continue to use virgin fiber pulp, then the price for pulp's going to continue to increase. And then we get into this nice supply and demand economy again. The fact that we've been able to move paper pretty easily to other markets says a lot about our team and our capability and the fact that the packaging demand remains. And then just like in the big macro picture, the fact that you've got  and you can argue where and how much, but sort of an expanding economy of people who want to buy goods and services, right? So, you want to call it a middle class or an emerging class in markets globally. So, I think those macro trends continue, so the demand will be there. The supply, I think, when we talk to customers, they want to recycle, in the open market, the fact that we've aggressively raised prices on recycling and haven't lost customers, because frankly people are saying, hey, I'm okay paying just about as much for recycling as I do for trash, because I've got to carry it out to my dumpster anyways, I might as well feel good about doing something for the environment. And that's  I'm oversimplifying. That's generally the vibe that we're getting from our customers. So, we're going to continue to be a good partner. This is going to be a slow go as we continue to turn contracts over. The supply/demand economy is global, so it's going to take time. There are going to be other investments in domestic mills. These Chinese mills are going to look for other ways to clean up the paper, and there's a lot of ideas on the table. So, this will take a few years to work out. And in the meantime, as I said, and I'll say it over and over again, this in the long term is a good thing. We at Republic Services run the business for the long term. We don't get excited about something that's temporary in nature that makes our quarter hard or our year hard. This is going to be a good thing when we're all said and done, and it'll take a little time to sort out, but we're being very opportunistic and very optimistic.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. If we could start with volume, it's been a couple of quarters of positive volume here and 1Q was particularly strong. As we get into the back half, obviously, the special waste comps get tougher, and I'm looking at your kind of original volume guidance for the year. Just wondering  and it may be something we should all be aware of as we go into the back half  how should we expect kind of those headline volumes to trend over the course of 2H? Will they kind of go flat or even negative? Just how to think about that so we're modeling appropriately?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, Noah. Probably, a little negative in the second half of the year. But right now, we had guided to zero to 25 basis points of volume growth for the year. And right now, we're thinking we're going to at or slightly above that 25 basis points.
Nicole Giandinoto: And then, Noah, I just would add to that, as Chuck mentioned, we might be flat to slightly negative in the back half. But if you exclude that difficult solid waste or  excuse me, special waste comp and the non-regrettable losses, we'd be looking at, for the second half, volume growth pretty similar to the first half.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, that's a great point. Right? So, I think we should focus on that, because that's the trend  the underlying trend in the business. And I think it also demonstrates the sort of internal discipline that we use when determining what business we're going to do, what business we're not going to do.
Noah Kaye: Right. So we're still in the sort of underlying 1% to 2% volume growth environment, and that should be understood when looking at these underlying metrics.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, absolutely.
Noah Kaye: Second question, $700 million of buyback for the year is very strong. It does imply a bit of a deceleration from 1H. I guess there will be more spend on this targeted M&A in the back half, but anything else to read into there just in terms of how you're lining up the balance sheet?
Charles F. Serianni: No, it's really the M&A. So, obviously, $50 million more than what we had anticipated. There are also a little bit more in terms of CapEx, about $20 million. It's what we're anticipating and that's really due to fund the growth that we're seeing in the business. Those are the moving items.
Noah Kaye: Yeah. And actually, it looks like you increased your assumption of operating cash flow for the year, but you actually have a little higher CapEx to offset that, but your OCF is moving up from your original guidance, is that right?
Charles F. Serianni: Right. Yeah, it's correct.
Donald W. Slager: Right on.
Noah Kaye: All right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck, can we maybe walk from the 29.2% to the 27.4%, the EBITDA margins, maybe with a little bit more color here? So, I get the positive 50 basis points from solid waste, the 190 basis points from recycling, which I'm assuming includes dilution from ReCommunity, and the 40 basis point fuel math, but SG&A was an 80 basis point tailwind. So, does that imply that core, core solid waste margins were down even ex-fuel, which quite frankly is debatable whether that should be in there or not?
Charles F. Serianni: Well, keep in mind that the fuel  there's a lag on the fuel, right. And so, in a rising fuel environment, we get a little bit of a headwind associated with that. And obviously, that reverses when fuel goes in the opposite direction when it decreases. What Don had talked about is that we're beginning to see a little bit more wage inflation in the core business and that's happening in select markets. And that is actually eating into a little bit that SG&A benefit, Tyler, that we saw down  below operating expenses. But once again, that's something that we're aware of and something that the pricing team is going to take into consideration second half of this year and into 2019 as we develop our pricing strategy.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. So, it sounds like core solid waste is very solid. You're converting more to higher CPI, CPI is improving. I mean all indications are the open market remains very rational. So, why are we seeing price decelerate specifically in the restricted, but I guess frankly in both, decelerate sequentially? I mean, I get the lack of the fee from last year in the restricted piece, but again why the decel sequentially?
Charles F. Serianni: So on the restricted piece, we anniversaried a significant price increase with a very large municipal customer, and so you see a little bit of a price decrease there, sequentially. But once again, we said that's going to pick up in the second half of the year, right? And I would say, in the open market, the core prices continues to be very, very strong. This is the 20th quarter in a row that we've seen core price at 4% or higher in the open market. So, we continue to perform very, very well there.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And Tyler, as Chuck said, I'm sure a lot of our Republic leaders are listening, a lot of our field leaders, general managers, and sales managers are listening. They know the pricing is going to be picking up in the second half. We're going to recoup some of this recycling. We're going to take advantage of the growing market. I said, defection is down sub-7%, almost as low as 6%, the second quarter in a row. We've got more room and  we've got more room to price in the market. We've got a reason to price with the recycling issues in China and with some of this labor costs. And then CPI is going to pick up, right, because we're going to start to see those second half reset, so it will start to come back.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Did I hear you, Don, talk about 3% yields in the back half or was that more an aspirational comment?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's not the back half, but that's where we think we can go, right. And we've been there before. That's not a number we've never seen. And it's in this kind of a growing economy with a strong CPI, with good organic growth, that does impact market behavior, and we think we can get back there.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Because going back to one of the prior questions, I mean there is a lot of inflation in the system, it's not just labor, but whether it's transportation, et cetera, et cetera. I mean, big picture, does  2.1% yield is probably not enough in this inflationary environment, even excluding recycling to really get sustainable solid waste margin expansion. Would you agree with that?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, yeah. With inflationary environment, we've got to be north of that, and you heard the comments said earlier, we're going to  I mean that's where we got to go.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And then just my last one here. Chuck, maybe a tax rate for next year, I know there's some moving pieces here this year.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, the statutory tax rate's going to be a little over 27%. And so, without giving guidance, right now that's kind of our best guesstimate, maybe a little bit less than that.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Sorry, 27%
Charles F. Serianni: 27%, right.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thank you, Don, Chuck, Nicole, for taking my question. There's a little bit of a windup on this one, because I'm trying to flesh out something that, I think, is being missed. So if I started with your original outlook for the components of your  the bottom end of the range, $3.05 in February, and I look at where you are today at $3.05, my math says you've got an almost 35% improvement sequentially in the performance of the solid waste business inside that forecast.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I mean, there is an improvement in the solid waste business, Michael. Let me try and figure the easiest way to explain this. Let me do it this way. So, original guidance of $3.05 to the $3.10, right? A recycling headwind right now, we're saying, is going to be about $0.26. Right? But improvement in the solid waste business, above and beyond what was in the original guidance, of $0.10. And then you've got $0.04 from the CNG tax credit, and then another $0.12 from the tax rate. And that's what gets you back to the $3.05 to the $3.10. But to your point, the solid waste portion of the business is performing better than we originally expected.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So you said that really fast, all that. Just so I get it  make sure we have the numbers correct. There's $0.12 from tax reform for the whole year?
Charles F. Serianni: No, $0.12 from tax rate, not from tax reform.
Michael E. Hoffman: Tax rate, yeah.
Charles F. Serianni: The benefit from tax reform, and this is important, that was already included in the $3.05 to $3.10 that was already included in our original guidance. So, the remaining $0.12 in tax rate, that's other tax opportunities that we were able to take advantage of this year.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right, okay. What I was trying to do is bridge the $2.43 that you finished  that compares to the $3.05. And what I concluded if I took the headwind from recycling, added back tax reform and then looked at what solid waste was, there's a clear sequential improvement versus where you started the year.
Charles F. Serianni: Absolutely. So, think about it this way. The solid waste piece of the business is up 16% from where we thought it would be.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: In our original guidance.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Since the last 10 people asked 45 questions. Can I ask one more?
Donald W. Slager: Sure, Michael, even we only had a big windup.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah. How much capital do you have tied up in recycling? And what does the revenue margin mix need to look like to generate a reasonable return on that capital?
Charles F. Serianni: Here's what I would say, is that right now, we're getting a decent return on recycling, but it's not where it needs to be. We need something a little bit higher and that's why we're focused on all of these different action items, the pricing and also on taking costs out of the system. So, obviously, the headwind that we're seeing with commodity prices, $160 million roughly year-over-year, it's huge. But we are very confident that we have the action items in place and the people in place to fix this portion of the business, and we will get an appropriate return on the business.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Just so I understand, you are generating a positive return on capital on that business as bad as it is?
Charles F. Serianni: I would say that the return on capital is positive, but it's not where it needs to be.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, remember, we've talked about this before, I think on this call, there are three ways that we deal sort of with recycling, right? One is, where we go out and collect it in the open market with our small container, large container business, where we're negotiating really directly with customers, one-on-one kind of negotiations with proprietors and decision makers. In that business, we have been raising prices over the last couple of years and here more recently very effectively. And when I say customers have voted with their wallets, those customers have said, I want to continue to recycle, even though recycling now costs almost as much as trash removal for those customers. So, that has been a good business for us. We have a lane, if you will, where waste  or recycling material comes to our facilities that we don't collect. We've been pretty effective in getting that business converted and there's more work to do, but those customers have been open to the conversation and we're moving that business. And then, the last is this big municipal piece, right? And as I said in my comments, the actual rate payer is paying very little per month for recycling. So, the idea of doubling or tripling their rate is miniscule in the scheme of things, it's a cup of designer coffee. I'm not a coffee drinker. But it's not that much compared to what they pay for cable, for Internet, for all of their other sort of habits. Trash and recycling is sort of a necessary service, and recycling is something they want to do. But when you aggregate that spend to 10,000 residents, then the decision maker gets nervous, right, because it becomes a big dollar amount. We've got to continue to break it down to the lowest denominator. And those are conversations we're having, because the consumer, ultimately, the voter, wants to recycle and they want a company like Republic, that's a good partner, that will do the job for them. We're only going to invest in recycling where the returns are warranted and where the construct of the contract is fair and reasonable and equitable. And we're going to, along the way, find partners. They're great partners. And we're going to, along the way, find partners who we're going to have to reevaluate the value of their partnership, because they don't want to understand this. That's what we're at. And that's okay, because this business will sort of work through that. And so again, it's a good opportunity. It's a stinker right now in 2018, but we're  the strength of solid waste is overtaking it. There'll be headwind in 2019 and 2020 as we start to climb out of it  I mean, tailwind.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yeah. Thanks, guys. I believe you were originally expecting underlying EBITDA margins expanding 10 basis points to 30 basis points for the year. What's your new expectations for that now? I don't know if you guys  I know we see the EPS guide, but just what is  the first half, I think, you did 1.39x (46:32) of adjusted EBITDA. What's the expectation in the back half? It seems like you need some sequential ramp up to get there. So, I was hoping you guys could help just kind of bridge that. And how much of that is Q3 versus Q4?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So for the year, we're expecting EBITDA margin to be about 28%. And just to put that in context for you, what we're expecting right now is solid waste margin expansion of 60 basis points to 80 basis points, and then recycling being a headwind about 120 basis points to 140 basis points. And we are, obviously, expecting the margins to improve in the back half of the year. Once again, on the back of the solid  the continued strength in the solid waste business.
Michael Feniger: And is that more  sorry, is that more like fourth quarter weighted?
Charles F. Serianni: It goes down Q  It actually goes down Q3 to Q4, steps down a little bit, as you would expect because of the seasonality in the business.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And I guess, just my last question would be, you mentioned volumes  underlying volumes of 1% to 2% range. Should we be thinking about  with the economy the way it's been progressing and the momentum, should we be thinking 2019 close to that 2% range? And just on the average yield discussion, we were talking about 3%, I mean, is there a room for the pricing? Is it just to cover the rising cost or is there a room for that price/cost dynamic to inflect higher in 2019?
Donald W. Slager: All right. So, first of all, this isn't our 2019 guidance call, okay?
Michael Feniger: All right.
Donald W. Slager: Look, Mike, first, on the growth, the underlying growth, 1% to 2%, we think that's realistic. Give us a little time to see how the rest of the year comes in and how things sort of normalize. But the underlying fundamentals, again, population growth, household formation, all things we look at still indicate there's room to run. You know that we're well-situated across our markets with strong position. We get our fair share of the growth along the way. So, we've got high confidence in that. We'll talk  we'll file a report on 2019 when we get to that junction, right. On pricing, especially hear this, right, we've seen 3% and 3.5% yields in the past when the economy has been strong. We're enjoying one of the strongest economies we've seen in a long time. And we've got a really great story to tell and the economy in the solid waste business is what is overcoming this struggle with recycling, but we're going to fix that too. So, my point about 3% price, as Tyler said, that is aspirational, but it's very doable. And there's conversation we're having today in the building. We're talking with our revenue management team and we're taking with our operating team, and we're having those conversations, because  and the market will allow it, the value we provide will allow it, and there are some structural changes that we take a fairness approach with customers that we can go ask for legitimately. And CPI is  almost $600 million now of the restricted book now is converted. We're going to continue  we're not done yet. We're going to hit $600 million, then we're going to take on $700 million. So CPI, by itself, is on the rise. So, all these things are good factors. I mean the fact that the underlying solid waste business is strong, a good economy, operationally, we're solid, the fact that we've got this great workforce and low turnover, we've got a ton of other metrics that we watch that we don't share with you, obviously, that all tell us really story. We're going to continue to build on the success and then we're going to turn this recycling thing around and it's going to be a happy day. So, more to come. And these things start to anniversary into 2019 and help us build a strong 2019. And that wasn't guidance.
Charles F. Serianni: Good job.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you, Don.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Sou Chien: Hey, guys, it's Henry Chien, good afternoon, calling for Jeff. Just a follow-up on some of the points you're making. I'm just curious of how you're thinking about the overall capacity of the business. If volume growth picks up, are you kind of prepared at least given the wage inflation to ramp up hiring? And I'm just kind of curious with sort of your increasing CapEx, does that sort of suggest you need to sort of invest in new improvements to make things more efficient given the wage inflation, just however you're thinking about capacity for the business? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Well, first of all, as far as CapEx goes, we've always guided, CapEx is 10% of revenue. So when revenue's growing, as volume's growing, deploying CapEx to capture that volume, that's the best way our owners would like us to see us deploy cash, right? So, we do that very effectively. There's not latent capacity in the business because the business has been growing for some time now. So, as it relates to the staffing model, again, we have low turnover. We've held the line very well year-over-year. Some of this wage inflation that we talked about is in select markets, but we're handling that well. And in fact, our time to fill open positions is actually down year-over-year. And we track a lot of really cool metrics here. So, our people are doing a great job of attracting good people. We've got great training programs to bring people into the pipeline. So, I think we're poised to again handle the growth that comes us. Remember, solid waste, that 1% to 2% organic growth, we're not talking about light speed here. But when you factor in a very nice steady diet of 1% to 2% volume, price in excess of inflation, the model sings a very nice song and we're going to continue to build on a great cash flow. So, as someone would like to say, follow the cash. Look at the cash flow of the business. We're very happy with what we're doing in the underlying business. And frankly, we're very certain that this is the moment when the waste industry is going to fix this recycling thing for good.
Henry Sou Chien: Yeah. Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back to Mr. Slager for any closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Austin. In closing, I think as I just said we're very pleased with our second quarter performance, strong solid waste fundamentals together with relentless operational execution. I love when the team is relentless. Resulting in a double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. And despite the recycling headwinds, we are reiterating our original guidance, which represented 20% growth in earnings and free cash flow per share versus the prior year. We will continue to manage the business, create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I'd like to thank the entire Republic team, all the employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating this thing we called The Republic Way. Thanks, everybody. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and please, please be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is May 2, 2018. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables, and the discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Also included in our press release are unaudited supplemental schedules that include a pro forma view of 2017 revenue and cost as we adopted the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1, 2017. During today's call, all references to changes versus the prior year are based on the 2017 pro forma figures, which are comparable to our 2018 results. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are extremely pleased with our strong start to the year. Through the team's relentless execution of our plan in the first quarter we grew revenue, expanded EBITDA margins, produced over 30% growth in earnings and free cash flow per share and returned essentially all of our free cash flow to shareholders. The solid waste business performed exceptionally well in the quarter and contributed 140 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion over the prior year. Within the solid waste business, we saw strong operating leverage in the disposal, small-container and large-container businesses. Additionally, as expected, SG&A as a percent of revenue decreased 20 basis points and landfill operating costs as a percent of revenue also decreased. Overall, our first quarter results position us well to achieve our full year EPS and free cash flow guidance. Additional highlights of the quarter include: adjusted EPS of $0.74, an increase of 35%; adjusted free cash flow of $356 million, an increase of 48%. EBITDA increased $45 million or 7% over the prior year. EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 28.8% despite a 160 basis point headwind from recycling. Core price was 3.8% and average yield was 2.2%, both in line with our expectations. Average yield was strongest in our small-container and large-container businesses. A majority of these customers are in open markets, where we can leverage increases in demand for service, our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. We now have approximately $570 million in annual revenue that uses a waste-related index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have historically run higher than CPI. Volumes increased 2% and exceeded our expectations. We invested $26 million in tuck-in acquisitions in the first quarter and another $53 million in April for a total investment of $79 million to-date. And, finally, we returned $350 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Before turning the call over to Chuck, I'd like to make a few comments on our recycling business. First, it's important to keep in mind that our recycling processing and sale of commodities business is only 4% of total revenue. Second, despite a $0.06 headwind in the first quarter from lower commodity prices and higher labor costs on our sorting lines, we still outperformed relative to our expectations, given the strength of our solid waste business. Third, we continue to believe recycled commodity prices will increase from April levels and have already begun to see clear evidence of this in the last couple of weeks. And, finally, we continue to make progress moving to a fee-based pricing model with a more equitable risk sharing arrangement. We believe the current situation in China will serve as a catalyst in transitioning our municipal customers to this more durable model. Our customers have told us recycling is important to them and we remain committed to de-risking this core service offering and ensuring its sustainability for generations to come. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. First quarter revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $129 million or 5.6% over the prior year. The increase in revenue includes internal growth of 3.8% and acquisitions of 1.8%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.2% and was in line with our expectations. Average yield in the collection business was 2.4% which includes 2.6% in the small-container business, 2.6% in the large-container business and 2.1% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.7% which includes landfill MSW of 2.2%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.8%. Core price consisted of 4.6% in the open market and 2.5% in the restricted portion of our business. The second component of internal growth is total volume which increased 2% over the prior year. Volumes increased 1.9% in our large container business and as expected were essentially flat in our small container business. Small container volumes included the 90 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would've increased 80 basis points. Volumes decreased 2.7% in the residential business. The decrease was expected and resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. The post collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 11.1%. Landfill volume increased 12.7% which included C&D of 5.7% and special waste of 35.9%. The strong growth in special waste exceeded our expectations and was due to a large project completed during the quarter. MSW volumes decrease 1.1% versus the prior year. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees which increased 50 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.02 in the first quarter from $2.57 in the prior year, an increase of 18%. The current average diesel price is $3.16 per gallon. The increase in the cost of diesel was partially offset by CNG tax credits. The credits contributed $0.04 to EPS and included a $0.03 benefit in cost of operations and a $0.01 benefit in the tax provision. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 40 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin where we continue to be well-positioned. And the final component of internal growth is commodity revenue which decreased 1.3%. The decrease in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 31% to $112 per ton in the first quarter from $162 per ton in the prior year. Now, I'll discuss changes in margin. In the first quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin increased 30 basis points to 28.8% versus 28.5% in the prior year. This included 140 basis points of expansion from the solid waste business and 50 basis points of expansion from the CNG tax credit, partially offset by 160 basis point headwind from recycling. As a reminder, the 30 basis points of margin expansion does not include the benefit from adopting the new revenue accounting standard in 2018. First quarter 2018 interest expense was $95 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.5% and was lower than expected due to the CNG tax credit and unanticipated federal and state tax refunds. The refunds provided an approximate $0.02 benefit to EPS. Adjusted EPS was $0.74, an increase of $0.19 or 35% over the prior-year. EPS included a $0.12 benefit from tax reform. Excluding the benefit from tax reform, EPS increased 13% versus the prior-year. First quarter adjusted free cash flow was $356 million, an increase of 48% versus the prior year. The growth in free cash flow was due to strong growth in EBITDA and a favorable benefit from the timing of working capital and CapEx. Next, we returned $350 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This included 3.5 million shares repurchased for approximately $236 million. And, finally, as Don mentioned earlier, we remain comfortable with our full year 2018 EPS and free cash flow guidance, given our first quarter results, the underlying strength of our solid waste business, and our ability to continue to effectively manage our costs. Now I will turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. To conclude, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance. Strong solid waste fundamentals, together with relentless operational execution, resulted in double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. This performance keeps us well-positioned to achieve our full year goals. Before opening the call to questions, I would like to congratulate Republic team for being named to the first annual Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list and recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the second year in a row. These awards serve as external validation of strong ethical culture that we are building at Republic, which includes conducting our business with the highest levels of integrity and developing sustainable business practices to enhance long-term value creation. At this time, operator, we're going to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first questioner today will be Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just on the pricing side. Don, maybe if you want to just touch on where do you think going forward you see the most opportunity on pricing? Is it on commercial collection or is it on landfill or is it simply higher inflation is going to lift all boats going forward?
Donald W. Slager: Good question, Hamzah. There's a couple of things. One, CPI is on the rise, right? So, CPI has been (15:01) the last few years. As you know, we've been kind of punished by this compounding headwind of low CPI on that big $2.5 billion book of business. So, two things are happening there. One, as I said in my notes, we've got about $570 million of that $2.5 billion now converted to an alternate index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. So, that's happening. You're seeing that layer into the business now, so you'll continue to see the year-over-year benefit of that. And we're going to continue to go for more as you've seen every quarter we've improved that number. Second, CPI is on the rise. I mean people are now expecting, what, 2.5% CPI for the year. So, as we get into the second half of the year we'll see some of those contracts that are still tied to CPI start to roll over at a higher price. So that's great. The open market has been a very good place for pricing for us now for a number of quarters. We exited the year real strong. That's continuing now in the beginning part of the year. We think that's holding up fine. And, frankly, historically, as CPI rises, open market pricing stays strong and frankly improves. So that's a pretty good sign. Lastly, landfill pricing is still a little weak, frankly. I would have expected the landfill pricing would have rose a little faster than maybe it had. Because, again, just the high cost of landfills today, the higher cost of leachate, some of the costs that we're seeing in the business we need to revisiting our landfill prices and see what we can do there, starting to have those conversations with our municipal customers. Again, most of our third-party volume in the landfills comes through municipal customers. And, again, they're tied to these long-term contracts that have been again subject to that lower CPI environment. So as we're having renewal discussions with those customers, we're introducing some of these higher cost that we're facing. So we'd like to expect over the longer-term a better pricing there. But, overall, we're seeing pricing across the board. Again, we've got good tools. We use our Capture tool. All of our salespeople are equipped with their tablets. They're all using the system properly. Frankly, pricing churn continue to be a great story for us. It's actually come down a little bit this quarter. We're seeing a lower defection. So that's helping to drive price and kind of all systems go. There's still some room to run here. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Great. And just a follow-up question on just acquisitions. You mentioned $79 million year-to-date investment. You still have a target of $100 million to $150 million. But at the same time, the industry seems very bullish on M&A. Some of your competitors have closed significantly above their target in terms of deal flow. Is there anything you would sort of comment on in terms of RSG's focus is more return of cash or maybe there's antitrust issues in doing larger deals? Any kind of color you want to share on acquisitions and how you think about those.
Donald W. Slager: Well, sure. I would start off by saying that the pipeline is still robust. We're seeing a lot of deal flow. We're getting a look at a lot of good, high-quality companies. The majority of the companies we're buying tend to be smaller. So the multiples we're paying are still in that 4.5 to kind of 5.5 range, very comfortable multiples. When we buy something a little bit bigger, the multiples get a little higher. You start buying more real property, infrastructure, permits, things that you have to spend a little bit more money for. I think the activity we've seen out there, I think, maybe some of the other companies have made some bigger purchases than we have this year. I would tell you that we were in the hunt on a couple of those, so we're well aware of them. But maybe it was a better fit for somebody else in their market. So they were willing to pay a bit more than we were, just because it fit their system better or maybe they needed something more than we did. As I always say, there tends to be natural buyer in these deals. And when we're the natural buyer, and we've got relationships and it fits our business, we think we can get good deals at the right multiples. So we're very focused on returns. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Corey Greendale with First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Corey Greendale: Hey. Good afternoon. Just a couple quick ones. I realized your practice is to update guidance midway through the year, but just  obviously did a nice job offsetting the impact of recycling in the quarter. Just can you give us some view  can you continue doing that? So in other words are you still at least comfortable with the guidance you have put out there?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So I'm going to give you some color and then I'll let Chuck give you a little more on the numbers side. We've been saying, I think, a lot of people writing that April really was expected to be sort of the floor  the bottom this year. That's proving out to be true. As I said in my comments over these last couple weeks, we've seen price start to bounce. The reality is the inventories in China are very low. We actually mentioned this last week when we spoke at WasteExpo. Our team went over to China a few weeks back and met with our mills there. Normally, they have about 30 to 60 days of material inventory. They were sitting at about 10 days of inventory. Normally, they have a fair amount of inventory in-transit, in ocean-going vessels from port-to-port. There's very little if any in-transit. So, this is very sort of what I would call sort of simple ECON 101, supply and demand economics. At some point, they need to make paper. And they're buying a lot of raw pulp. They're paying eight times what they used to pay. So, we think that's the reason that prices are starting to come up. Chuck can give you kind of a color of where we were at the beginning the year, where we were in April and where we think the year heads up for us.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, sure. For the quarter, average price was $112 a ton. What we saw in April was closer to $105. And as we go forward, we think that the average would be closer to $115. So, Corey, to your point, we're able to more than offset the headwind associated with commodities in Q1. And right now, we're estimating that we're going to be able to do the same thing for the rest of the year with commodities at $115 a ton, that being a little bit of a headwind for us based upon our original guide, but being able to offset that through continued outperformance in the solid waste business.
Corey Greendale: Okay. Thank you. And then the second question I had is on the volume side where you are intentionally shedding some broker volumes. I think I'm hearing that the underlying kind of small-container business is strong. So can you give us a sense like when you start to  is there a part when you anniversary shedding those volumes or is that kind of a continual thing? And as you anniversary that, do you think you can get to even higher volume growth levels than you're at now?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So if we take out what we call non-regrettable losses, right, our volume would have been 100...
Charles F. Serianni: 110.
Donald W. Slager: ...110 basis points, so kind of in line with our expectations. As it relates specifically to broker, by the end of the year we'll have maybe only $100 million or so left of broker business to shed. That's a little lumpy if it happens. But we're cutting through it and again by the end of the year we'll be  I was saying year of the end. But that will probably happen  that last little bit will probably happen over two or three years.
Corey Greendale: All right. I will turn it over. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Great.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. If I could follow up just a little bit to clarify. So from this point forward, we should go  if we had $135 as our assumption for the cycle and go take that down to $115 for 2Q through the remainder of the year which is about $0.08 of incremental headwind and you feel that given the power of the first quarter and it was great quarter in garbage that you can make that up. Is that the way...
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's right, Michael. Yeah. On average, $115 the remainder of the year. Your math is right, it's about $0.08. And we feel like we can make that up through the outperformance in the solid waste business.
Michael E. Hoffman: And so to that end, you exceeded your own budget  I mean your own guidance on volumes. So are we to look for  we should walk volume up as part of the  as we think about modeling? You had  $2.25 was your reported price for the year, but your volume assumption was going to be zero to 0.25 a point. So, how do I think about volume in the guidance at this point?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes.
Michael E. Hoffman: Is that...
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So first quarter volume  yeah, Michael, first quarter volume was very strong because of special waste. And obviously we'll take that into consideration when we do a broader update of guidance as we always do in Q2.
Donald W. Slager: But where you're going with that, right? Volume is good. I would say it's strong. We're seeing strong volume in C&D landfill. We're seeing strong volume in large-container. We're seeing strong volume in temp, good housing market. I mentioned we're seeing lower customer defection, right? Our customer defection actually fell below 7% for the first time in our history, okay. So, all of those things factor into volume, Michael, as you know. So, as Chuck said, as we get through May and June and understand our sort of normal seasonality on how things are coming back we're going to come back to you in the second quarter call and have a clear picture for you.
Michael E. Hoffman: Fair enough but I'm interpreting it correctly. I get that you're not changing guidance...
Donald W. Slager: Directionally, you are correct.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And the price seems to have a little bit better momentum as well. So that's the other part of it. If the volume trends that good, that gives you that much more room to push on the leverage on price.
Donald W. Slager: Well, look, I've always said, when organic volume growth is good, pricing goes along with that. When organic volume growth dips and goes negative, that's when pricing gets a little squirrelly, right? So if volume's growing, organic's growing, housing's growing, all those things that we're seeing in the broader macro are good, we think volume holds up, and it's a pretty good story for this year and pricing comes right alongside of it.
Michael E. Hoffman: So on the recycling issue in your following comment, which I hope the industry is able to take advantage of this and fix this. From a fundamental standpoint, I look at this, what's going on, as we clear the deck in 2018 and 2019, whatever the lower number is, is a slower number, and we just plow on with good garbage in the E&P business. And this is the debt-clearing year. How long do think, though, it will take to get the customer to agree this has to change?
Donald W. Slager: Well, let me help you.
Michael E. Hoffman: Because it's been really slow, historically.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. So I'm going to burn a little time on this answer, okay. So this is really important for everybody to try to understand, everyone listening on the call. We make two assumptions, and we would posit them as facts. The first fact is customers want to recycle, okay. Part B of that first fact is customers are showing us that they're willing to pay for recycling. I'll come back to that. The second important fact that we posit is that paper packaging demand is not decreasing. In fact, most people would argue it's on the increase. So recycling, there's a business here, right. People want to do it, and there's a demand for paper packaging. Most of what we recycle is fiber. So, I mean, the lion's share of it is fiber. So we receive recycling through three channels or three lanes. The first inbound lane comes in our open market collection business. So these are frontload railroad commercial customers where we put out three yarders, four yarders, eight yarders, right. In that business, we've reported quarter-after-quarter that we've been increasing the price we charge for commercial recycling in our small-container business, started out $0.28, $0.30 or 3% of trash rates. Now it's 90%-plus of trash rates. Okay. So customers are saying I'm willing to pay for that because I want to do it. So we've corrected that space. Customers are voting with their wallets and we haven't lost any volume and we're making money in that business. We're making an appropriate return so we can continue to offer that important service to our customers. Second lane that we bring material into our company is through our recycling facilities, right. This is where third-parties who don't own their own manufacturing or processing capacity but they have their collection trucks. These are primarily cities. So cities collecting waste from the curb and some other competitors or smaller haulers bring us material to our facilities. In those cases, in that lane, the lion's share, 85% of those contracts, of that volume, now is coming in at what we would call have a fee-based structure or a fair share arrangement. We're no longer holding all the risk. Now, we give away some of the upside but we're getting a certain or a certainty of a return on that revenue. So those are the first two lanes. The third lane is the biggest and it's most difficult. And that is municipalities where we go out and collect with our trucks and either bring them to our own facilities or to third-party facilities. And this is the same group of people who we're trying to move away from a CPI index to a alternative index. So, you see the results we're having there. We've moved now well over 20% of that business to a fair share arrangement or an alternative index. So, now we're having that same conversation with those customers which is going to take some time, but in my prepared remarks this chaos, if you will, this crisis, if you will, in China is the catalyst to fix this business. And if I look at the first two lanes, those first two customer groups, they've already demonstrated customers understand the economics and they're willing to pay for it because they want sustainability. They want recycling. So, we just have to do the work. And then, frankly, we're built for that. We get up every day. We pick up the garbage. We get up every day and  pardon the football analogy  but we run the ground game. And customer's going to have to understand if you want to recycle, it's not free. This stuff is not worth gold, okay. We've got residual issues, too much trash in the garbage. We've got glass which is a contaminant at some point. We've got materials that don't have value that we have to deal with, okay. The fiber has value and has a market. So, these are the discussions we're having with customers, and it's going to take some time but we're very determined. And as I've said a few times now, it's kind of a perverse statement, but frankly in one way, I kind of welcome this China chaos because it gives us the platform that we need to go have the conversation that we frankly probably should have been having 10 years ago, okay. So, it's going to be a good business. It is a good business in some markets, and some markets are lagging. So, again, as we talk about return on invested capital, it can be a better business on that basis than the landfill business, than the solid waste business. And it is a growing segment. It's a growing waste stream. So, we want to get in front of the growth, but we're not going to do it for practice. So you'll see the returns improving in this business. You'll see the story change over time. And that's all I've got to say today. But that's the reality we're living in. And our team is poised to go out there and make it happen. We've got a strong team here and they're getting good results in other ways. And I would say, lastly, that we've seen these issues before in solid waste. When fuel became volatile in 2004, we implemented a fuel recovery fee which is a very fair way to deal with fuel cost with customers. It goes up and down based on fuel markets, so customers are treated fairly. We see CPI which has become an unfair index. We're going to a fair index and customers are coming along with us. And now we have to deal with this last sort of issue  this sort of last frontier of volatility in our business. And we're going to be through that and it may take a few years to do. But we're going to see progress. And how did I do, Michael? Are you still there?
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah. No, I'm here.
Donald W. Slager: Okay.
Michael E. Hoffman: Well, so somehow I'm supposed to work in some corny analogy about football games are one but passing. So, on the passing side if you're  I don't know how I'm drawing this altogether this way. So we'll scratch that and just go. Your $570 million out of $2.5 billion you did in about 30 months. Is that about the way we should think of about the pace of being able to fix the 80% of the recycling...
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. I don't know. Let us keep going on it and we'll see in a couple quarters. But we're determined. Again, we're pretty good at picking up trash and recycling. We don't need practice doing it for free, right?
Michael E. Hoffman: Right.
Donald W. Slager: And then my final word on it and I'm sort of the master of the obvious here, right, but my team's heard it a thousand times. Sustainability, my customers, is not possible without profitability. Organizations like ours cannot invest in sustainable practices, in recycling unless there is a return that we can count on. And that's the nature of the beast. That's what we believe and that's what you'll see happening in our business. And anybody who doesn't believe that it's kind of a fool's errand, so.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right.
Donald W. Slager: Okay.
Michael E. Hoffman: And the only thing we care about is we don't want to see the price recover too fast so the customer won't come to the table. So, at $115 that still leaves you room to argue, hey, you got to fix this?
Donald W. Slager: Well, even if it goes to $200, we've got to fix it because here's what we know. It will go down again.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. Okay.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. So, again this is just  we've been doing a lot of other great work in the company over the last seven or eight years. We've been busy on a lot of good things like One Fleet and all the other good stuff and Capture and PBS. And so we've been doing a lot of great things to make the company better. This is the great thing we're going to be doing over the next couple of years.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first off, I mean EBITDA margin is up 30 basis points year-over-year despite a headwind on recycling. I know you guys aren't updating your tide-ins right now and the components, but is there anything we should be aware of, the cadence of margins throughout the year? Is there anything that should stick out? And with that, I mean the landfill operating cost, I think, fell like 5% year-over-year. This was clearly an issue last year. Can you just provide us an update there? Is that something that's like sustainable and should be kind of the run rate going forward for the year? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, think about some of the major components, right? We told you last year that SG&A was going to  some of the SG&A investments we made we're going to anniversary. We're seeing that, right. So we're very much in control of our SG&A spend, right. So we've got a pretty good handle on that. So we made those investments last year, the year before. Now they're coming down just as we said. We told you last year we were doing some additional work at some of the landfills related to some various permit issues and some leachate issues. We're coming through that. That's going to start working its way down. We've already seen that in the first quarter. So we've got a good handle on that. I mentioned One Fleet earlier. Our fleet costs are solid. Our labor costs are in line. The core solid waste business is running well. The operating team is doing a fantastic job. And, again, growth, right, we're seeing pretty consistent growth, positive sort of economic factors across the portfolio. So, yeah, we think it's sustainable. And over the long-term, we still aren't backing away from 30% EBITDA margins because we're going to see that improve. We're going to see our conversion to a better index continue. We're going to see improvement in this recycling business. We've got the courage and stamina to do what we need to do there. And, again, we've got customer willingness to pay on our side. And then we're improving the products. We're improving the quality. We're improving service. We're improving fleet reliability. As I've said, our defection has come down. All those kind of things, a lot of really good stuff going on here and someday we'll want to talk about recycling so much but let's not. What else you got, Michael?
Michael Feniger: I guess I just wanted to follow up on that. I mean you mentioned obviously organic growth helps drive the pricing dynamics, but we're also seeing it driving investment back into the fleet. Your CapEx is up. Some of your suppliers to the industry have pretty big backlog. So I guess a big-picture question here. You guys are clearly adding some routes. Are you seeing anything in the open market the small mom-and-pops adding trucks or maybe too many trucks, the supply-demand balance of that with the open market?
Donald W. Slager: I would answer it this way. I think we're getting our fair share of the organic growth. And, again, we target our sales force toward customers that we think use some kind of a value equation in their thinking, people that like the idea of great service and solutions, and recycling those services in a broader suite of services. We don't expect to chase every account or have every new yard of growth, but we're getting our fair share. And as long as we're getting our fair share and maybe a little more because our products are strong and we're okay with that. Meanwhile, we're getting pricing to offset inflation, and that's an important factor of the overall story. So, nothing bad to report there.
Michael Feniger: That's great. Just my last question. I mean we saw industrial company last week (38:27). You kind of make a comment about peak or near peak. Clearly, it's a different type of industrial company business. It sounds like from what you're seeing on the volume side and with your different aspects of what you guys touch in the economy there's nothing that suggest to you that were any areas of the business that feel frothy to you or peak-ish in any way? Does it still feel like you have a runway ahead on a multiyear basis?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So, simple answer is we think there's still room to run and we backed it up with some statistics. Why don't I let Chuck back it up with statistics because I've been doing all the talking? How is that?
Charles F. Serianni: So, what we talk about is there being a 90% correlation to our volume growth, overall, to our company, in single-family housing starts, when you lag single-family housing starts by one year since we're late cycle, obviously. So as we look at single-family housing starts, the print for March was 1.3 million units on an annual basis. So it's been increasing slowly over time based on the experts that we talk to. We think there's nothing that will prevent us in getting back to a longer-term average of close to 1.4 million, 1.5 million units. There's also been a number of articles written recently that say that there is actually a lack of supply of new single-family housing throughout the United States. And they estimated that to be an additional 7.3 million units. So all of that in combination we would say that back to Don's point that there's still plenty of room to run here in this economy.
Michael Feniger: That's great. And then just lastly, I mean the special waste was really strong this quarter. You mentioned a big project. I was just wondering. Do you guys quantify that big project that you completed this quarter? And how does the pipeline look in special waste since I think that's one of the reasons why your volume outlook for the year was flat to up 25 bps?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So we've had a tremendous growth in special waste over the course of the last several quarters, close to a year now. To grow on top of 30% type of growth year-over-year is really hard for us to do. Like you had mentioned we had a really strong special waste job that occurred during the quarter that ended now. Looking forward, we still see some growth there. But I can't  to grow 30% on top of 30% is difficult to do. But what it does speak to though, right, this event work, it's a precursor to single-family housing starts and to development in general. So that's another indication that we think that the economy still has room to run.
Michael Feniger: Great. Thanks, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions and a great quarter. I think free cash flow conversion this quarter really stood out. Historically, I'd say they tracked around 8% to 9% of revenue. Prior guidance probably implied something like 11% this year. But for 1Q, it was almost 15% of revenue, and I'm not sure if that's a high-water mark but it looks very impressive. So can you comment on a couple of things here? First, you mentioned the working capital benefit. How to think about that maybe reversing over the course of the year? And second is again to one particular line item. It looks like the capping closure and post-closure expenditures were down pretty markedly at $7 million which is a much lower run rate than it had been in past quarters. Is that sort of $7 million the right run rate for the balance of 2018? Thanks.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So a couple of questions there, the first one being the working capital. We think that that is timing and that will end up reversing kind of evenly throughout the rest of the year. Not really a permanent benefit, but more of a timing benefit. To your point on the capping in closure/post-closure, that tends to be lumpy. Obviously, we don't cap until we need to, right. And so that will depend upon when we need to do the capping and also the weather to a certain extent. So it does tend to be a little lumpy, but we don't expect there to be a significant change in that cash expenditure year-over-year.
Noah Kaye: Okay. That's very helpful. And you mentioned weather. Obviously, a strong quarter on a number of metrics, but I think most folks have been expecting a little bit of a weather-related headwind this year. So can you comment on (43:10) might have impacted any part of the business?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So the weather ended up being a little bit of an offset. We had a lot of rain on the West Coast last year. And this year, we had a little bit of weather as you're aware on the East Coast. So, it tended to offset. So, we didn't see a real significant impact in the business overall this quarter because of weather.
Noah Kaye: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe one more. Really appreciate the adjustments on pro forma, so we can compare like-for-like. But the point I'm getting a bit confused on, if we look at the recycled commodity revenue line, your bookings are supposed to be moving year-over-year, I guess, down 3% to 4% when the commodity basket is obviously down a lot more. I'm sure part of this has to do with rev rec and the changes but could you just help us explain why the line didn't drop that much?
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. Hi, Noah. This is Nicole. So, when you look at the supplemental schedules  and you kind of cut out a little bit, so hopefully I'm asking you a question. When you look at the revenue dollars, there wasn't a significant decrease in that because, if you recall, this time last year, we didn't have ReCommunity. So that kind of offsetting some of the decline in RSG legacy recycling commodity revenue. When you go to kind of the components of internal growth in there you refer to the 1.3% decline, again, that is more of a same-store legacy Republic Services. The impact of ReCommunity is down in the acquisition line.
Noah Kaye: That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Nicole Giandinoto: Sure.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Sou Chien: Hey. Good afternoon. It's Henry Chien calling for Jeff. Just wanted to follow up on some of the volume trends on the residential side and the small collection side. You mentioned some of the rationalizations or I guess the shedding of the broker business and some of the changes in contracts on the residential side. Just curious, does that change the margin structure of those two businesses and how should we think about that going forward?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. The business that we're shedding both on the small-container side and on the residential side...
Henry Sou Chien: Yeah.
Charles F. Serianni: ...that's business that's regrettable. I mean it's non-regrettable that we're shedding that business. That's because it's at lower margins. So, part of the reason why we're doing that is because we didn't feel like we were getting an appropriate return on our investment. And what we've always said is that we're very much focused in on ROIC. So, obviously, shedding that work and then deploying those assets in other pieces of business that provide us with a better return obviously will help us enhance our margins.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Keep in mind that those are small moves, right, but they're directionally going to improve the margins over time. Keep in mind that when we're the incumbent in a residential contract, we know all that cost right down to the nth degree, right. So we're very aware when a contract is sort of not meeting our threshold returns and when a customer doesn't really value what we're doing. And if we can't get the extensions at the right price or the right kind of built-in indexes or as we relate to recycling, we've got to move away from them. And we're having a good success rate in converting and increasing and extending contracts as well. Every now and then we run across one where we just can't get it done. And the good news is the team is encouraged to walk away from that business and go find another customer who wants to value great service.
Henry Sou Chien: Got it. Okay. Great. That's good to hear. And just on the cost side, I mean, some companies seem to have some difficulties in transportation costs and labor costs. I was just wondering how you're thinking about that. Is that potentially an issue going forward or something that you're keeping an aware of? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Well, it's certainly something we think about. We spend a lot of time, effort, energy talking about, thinking about, working on employee engagement at Republic. So our employee engagement rates are at all-time highs. Our turnover has been flattish year-over-year. We think our employee turnover is best-in-class. And even in light of a good or even an improving economy where you might lose more people, we're actually holding our own quite nicely. So we're spending more and more effort in just making Republic Services a great place to work. We think as it relates to our front-line people, truck drivers appreciate our One Fleet initiative, having reliable, safe trucks. Our techs enjoy working in a shop where we take fleet seriously. Our professional salespeople like the tools that we've created for them. Again, we're working on the work environment at the facilities. As I said last quarter, we're going to spend about $100 million over the next few years improving front-line facilities, locker rooms, training rooms, break rooms, those kind of things. So we put a lot of effort into just creating the best work environment, and we've got a number of external agencies and experts that have given us some acknowledgement and some accolades around that. But it's something we take really seriously. So it doesn't mean that we won't be affected by things to come, but I think we're ahead of the curve.
Henry Sou Chien: Got it. Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Hey. I just had a quick follow-up for Chuck. Chuck, do you know what your updated tax rate is in your guidance given Q1 was lower? Is it still 27% or has that changed? Thanks.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, it is, Hamzah. It's still 27%. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Thank you.
Nicole Giandinoto: Hamzah, just to clarify, 27% for the remainder of the year. So, the full year average would be closer to 26%. Just to clarify. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Hamzah said everybody else got four questions, so why don't you ask another?
Charles F. Serianni: That's his fourth.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Hamzah. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thank you.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Thanks, guys, for squeezing me in here.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck, just real quick. It's a little unclear, but was the $0.04 CNG tax credit contemplated in the guidance from last quarter?
Charles F. Serianni: No, it wasn't.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. So we...
Charles F. Serianni: If you remember that was part of the budget reconciliation package that came out a couple of days after our earnings call.
Patrick Tyler Brown: So, do we tack on $0.04 to the guide or is it used to absorb some of the recycling?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's what absorbed the recycling during the period. Keep in mind we had about a $0.06 headwind from recycling during the period. So, we had about $0.04 of a benefit from CNG, and then another $0.02 benefit from the tax refunds that I've talked about. So, that's what offset the recycling.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then I apologize, but can you go back over the margin math? So, are you saying that if you exclude the tax credit, ReCommunity dilution and recycling prices, basically solid waste margins were up 140 basis points, is that right?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, right. So, solid waste up 140 basis points. The CNG tax credit, as I have mentioned, was about 50 basis points. And then recycling operations, that was a negative, a headwind of 160 basis points. So, the net of all of that is the 30 basis points that we called out.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. Perfect. And then I do want to kind of go back to the transportation question. But one line item we've been watching pretty close is the subcontractor hauling costs. And I think you guys saw a pretty pronounced squeeze this quarter. I think some of your peers have as well. I know it's a pretty granular question, but can you guys talk about what the expectation there is? I mean, transportation costs don't look like they're abating anytime soon in my humble opinion. But should we expect that that is a margin headwind for the rest of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: No. No. Not necessarily. So what we saw in the first quarter was a little bit of a spike in our transportation subcontract costs because of business mix. So there is a little bit higher national accounts subcontract work that was performed that was in the mix and just a mix of the business kind of in general and we're not necessarily saying that that's a trend that's going to continue.
Donald W. Slager: Also, Tyler, a large group of those waste moves, if you will, we've got long-term contracts with stable providers. And so, we're in pretty good shape there.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. And then maybe my last one, I don't know if you can parse this out. But how much did the shutting of the broker business help margins, solid waste specifically?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Tyler, I don't have that at my fingertips.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: As Don mentioned before, it's small relative to the rest of the business. But, incrementally, as we continue to do this over time, it is going to improve our margins.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Right. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Tyler.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hey. Good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just following on Tyler's question there, just to make sure I have it clear. The energy credit was, obviously, about $14 million benefit to EBITDA. And we shouldn't think about that recurring in the future, right?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It was about $15 million. That's right.
Brian Maguire: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: That was a one-time benefit that actually pertained to 2017.
Brian Maguire: Got it. Okay. And it just wasn't included because the tax law clarification didn't come out until after you gave your original guidance. Is that right?
Charles F. Serianni: That was part of the budget reconciliation package that came out a couple of days after we had already had our earnings call. Correct.
Brian Maguire: Yes. Okay. Thanks for clarification there. And then not to belabor the recycling point too much, but just the contaminant levels that China is trying to get to. I know that's a big obstacle to try and get down to 50 basis points of contamination. Just wondering as you've changed your operations, and you're incurring these additional costs, how close are you getting to that level? And sort of related to that, are you seeing  sort of what we've seen is maybe some different markets develop in recycled fiber where some higher quality stuff like OCC number 12 or DLK is trading at a little bit of a higher price than some of the more commodity grades. Is that sort of what you're seeing too? And is that what you're sort of referencing when you say you're starting to see some signs of uplift on recycled fibers?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. That's fair. So, with OCC, we're doing a pretty job. With the mixed paper and some other grades, it's a little bit tougher as you can imagine. But, again, we've opened up other outlets. So, we're moving our export material to a number of other places now that we didn't previously. But again, ultimately, China has got to figure out that they've got to make paper. And they have to decide whether they're going to deal with some of this contaminant or they're going to keep buying pulp and chopping up trees. So we're just going to keep working it out. But again, it's supply and demand. And we're already starting to see the bounce, as Chuck talked about, the rates we experienced in Q1 where the April dip was and now we're seeing a bounce already, the last part of April and here in early May. So we're pretty confident it's going to come back as we've said in line with that $115 number. And our team's doing a great job getting the material moved. And again, we threw a little extra labor in Q1 to do a little better job at cleaning up. But I think it's going to come back for us.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just one last housekeeping one, appreciate the restated 2017 numbers. Just was wondering why the  it looks like the adjusted EBITDA was a little bit lower than what we had in our model as the reported numbers from last year. Any reason why the accounting change would modestly lower the EBITDA in 2017?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So it was 110-basis-point impact from the revenue recognition change. So I'm not really sure why that would be different than what you had in your models.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I'll follow up with that later. Appreciate it.
Operator: And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call over back to you for your closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, William. In closing, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, their commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2017 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 8, 2018. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which include the GAAP reconciliation tables, and the discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences, when events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results, which exceeded the upper end of our guidance range. In 2017, the team achieved strong growth in price and volume, delivered high single-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow per share, improved return on invested capital by 40 basis points, and increased cash return to shareholders by over 30%. A robust financial performance continues to demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and our ability to create long-term shareholder value. Highlights of the quarter include adjusted EPS of $0.61, an increase of 7% over the prior year. Earnings were positively impacted by strong event-driven volumes and a net 3-cent benefit from lower taxes. Fourth quarter total revenue increased 7.6% and includes over 5% organic growth, the highest level we've achieved in nine years. Core price was 4.1%, and average yield was 2.4%. Volumes increased 2.7%. Our growth in volume continues to be broad-based and remains strongest in the event-driven portion of our business. Energy services revenue was $46 million, nearly two times prior year's revenue, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 27.2% was in line with our expectations. Turning to the full year, adjusted EPS was $2.43, a 9.5% increase over the prior year. EPS exceeded the high end of our upwardly revised guidance range by $0.04. Adjusted free cash flow was $934 million and exceeded the upper end of our guidance range. On a per share basis, adjusted free cash flow increased 7% over the prior year. Total revenue was $10 billion, an increase of 7% over the prior year. Core price was 4.1%. Average yield was 2.5%, the highest level achieved since 2009. Volumes increased 1.8% over the prior year and included double-digit growth in event-driven landfill volumes. And finally, we invested $437 million in acquisitions in 2017, and our 2018 pipeline remains strong. Throughout 2017, we continued to deliver on our promises to key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees, and shareholders. For our customers, we strive to provide the highest level of customer service and are committed to developing differentiated and superior products that meet their wants and needs. Some of our accomplishments during 2017 included the following. First, to meet the demand of our customers, we expanded our recycling processing capabilities through the acquisition of ReCommunity. Our customers have told us recycling is important to them and have demonstrated their willingness to pay. Additionally, to ensure the sustainability of recycling, we have transitioned approximately 85% of our processing volume to a more durable, fee-based model. Second, we continued to refine and optimize our digital platform to improve the online customer buying experience. We saw double-digit growth in online sales and the customer satisfaction ratings. Lastly, we completed the transition to our three state-of-the-art Customer Resource Centers. These centers are designed to enhance the customers' experience through a more professionally trained customer service team, improved technology, and additional communications channels. For the communities we serve, we remain devoted to delivering safe, convenient, and value-driven solutions while being good stewards of the environment. In 2017, with respect to safety, we continued to see a favorable reduction in employee incidents, and our performance is over 40% better than industry average. On the sustainability front, we were named to the gold standard of sustainability rankings for a second consecutive year. We were the only recycling and solid waste company in North America to be named either the Dow Jones Sustainability North America or World Index. For our employees, we aim to be an employer of choice, one where the best people come to work. We accomplished this by creating an environment and culture in which all individuals feel welcome and valued, by training and developing our employees throughout their careers and by offering fair and competitive wages and benefits. We've been investing in these areas for several years, and our employees have told us, they see the difference, which is the true litmus test the impact we are making here at Republic. For example, in 2017, we were named to the Forbes America's Best Employers List. We received a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, and we were recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. Additionally, we have a best-in-class employee engagement score with high participation rates, and our turnover continues to outperform industry and competitor benchmarks. And finally, for our shareholders, we remain committed to creating long-term value, and 2017 was a perfect example. Our strong financial performance included high single-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow per share, and a 40 basis point improvement in ROIC. We returned $1.1 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, representing a cash yield of over 5%. And lastly, in October, our Board approved a $2 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization. This demonstrates the confidence we have in our ability to grow free cash flow and increase cash returns to shareholders while maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Before turning the call over to Chuck, I'd like to make a few comments on tax reform. As a statutory tax rate payer, we benefit substantially from tax reform. We believe we have a responsibility to invest and deploy additional cash flow in a manner that will provide meaningful and long-term benefits to our employees, customers, communities, and shareholders. In 2018, we expect cash tax savings of approximately $190 million. As I mentioned earlier, we've been steadily investing in our people for years, and tax reform provides us the opportunity to accelerate some of these benefits. Over the next few years, we plan to invest a total of $200 million back into the business, specifically in our fleet and frontline employee facilities. We believe these investments will benefit people for years to come. With respect to our fleet, we will focus on replacing older trucks to help mitigate rising maintenance cost from increased complexity, reduce vehicle emissions, improve employee engagement, and maximize the benefit of bonus depreciation. We will also be upgrading our frontline facilities to enhance the work environment for our people, specifically locker rooms, break rooms, and training facilities. This will help us continue to increase employee engagement and improve our ability to attract and retain employees. Through data analytics, we know that as employee engagement increases, safety improves, turnover declines, and productivity rises, all of which directly benefit earnings and cash flow, ultimately creating long-term value. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, an increase of $181 million or 7.6% over the prior year. This 7.6% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 5.6% and acquisitions of 2%. The components of our 5.6% internal growth rate are as follows, first, average yield increased 2.4%. Average yield in the collection business was 2.8%, which included 3.8% in the small container business, 2.4% in the large container business, and 2% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.5%, which included landfill MSW of 2.1%. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.1% in the open market and 2.4% in the restricted portion of our business. This is the fifth consecutive quarter we've seen a sequential improvement in restricted core price. The second component of our internal growth rate is total volume, which increased 2.7% over the prior year. Volumes in the collection business increased 20 basis points. Within the collection business, large container volume increased 2.3% and included a 3.7% increase in temporary C&D hauls and a 2.1% increase in recurring hauls. Residential collection volumes decreased 1.2%. The decrease was expected and resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. And finally, small container volume decreased 50 basis points. Small container volumes included a 110 basis point impact from intentionally shedding broker work, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes increased by 60 basis points. In the post collection business, which includes landfills and transfer stations, third party volumes increased 9%. Landfill volumes increased 16.5%, and included growth in special waste of 37.9% and C&D of 31.6%. MSW volumes decreased 1%. The strong double-digit growth in event-driven landfill volumes will create a difficult comp in 2018. The third component of our internal growth rate is fuel recovery fees, which increased 50 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.87 in the fourth quarter from $2.47 in the prior year, an increase of 16%. The current average diesel price is $3.09 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 60 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin, where we are well-positioned. And the final component of our internal growth is recycled commodity revenue, which decreased 60 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to reduction in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 7% to $125 per ton in the fourth quarter from $134 per ton in the prior year. Next I will discuss changes in margin. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.2%, which compares to 27.9% in the prior year. The change includes a 40 basis point increase in landfill operating costs, a 50 basis point headwind due to a change in revenue mix from acquisitions and related integration costs, and a 30 basis point headwind from recycling. Excluding these items, we had 50 basis points of margin expansion from strong open market pricing in volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Fourth quarter interest expense was $93 million and included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 32% due to favorable tax settlements and tax planning opportunities. The net impact of these tax items increased EPS by approximately $0.03 during the quarter. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $934 million. Free cash flow exceeded our expectations, primarily due to bonus depreciation. On a per share basis, adjusted free cash flow increased 7% over the prior year. Before I turn the call back over to Don to discuss our 2018 guidance, I want to briefly discuss an accounting change in 2018. Beginning this year, certain payments to customers that were previously recognized as cost of operations will be reclassified to contra revenue. Examples of these payments include recycled commodity rebates and franchise fees. The change will result in lower revenue and expenses with no change to EBITDA. The impact of the accounting change has been incorporated into our 2018 guidance, which is detailed in our 8-K filing. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Chuck. Before going to Q&A, I'd like to review the highlights of our financial guidance. In 2018, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $3.05 to $3.10, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided last October, adjusted for the benefit from tax reform. This represents 27% growth in earnings over the prior year or 12% growth after normalizing for the change in taxes and recycled commodity prices. We expect adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, which is also consistent with our preliminary outlook, adjusted for the benefit of tax reform. This represents 21% growth in free cash flow per share or 13% growth on a normalized basis. We expect annual revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. This includes average yield of approximately 2.25%. We expect the open market pricing environment in 2018 to be relatively similar to 2017. Next, we expect volume to be essentially flat versus the prior year. In 2017, event-driven volume  landfill volumes increased 20% due to several one-time large soil jobs and hurricane-related cleanup work that we don't expect to reoccur in 2018. And finally, we expect revenue growth from acquisitions of 2%. This relates primarily to tuck-in acquisitions and rollover impact from 2017 transactions. Next, we expect an adjusted EBITDA margin of 28.8% to 29%. 2018 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $1.1 billion. Given the strength of our 2018 deal pipeline, we anticipate investing over $150 million in tuck-in acquisitions. And finally, we expect to return approximately $1.2 billion of total cash to shareholders through $450 million in dividends and $775 million in share repurchases. In summary, the current economic backdrop and industry fundamentals, combined with our robust acquisition pipeline, position us well to deliver another year of strong financial results. Investments we are making for the benefit of our people, customers and communities will provide positive results and create a long-term value for our shareholders. At this time, operator, we'll open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Slager. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And your first question will be from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie. Please go ahead. Mr. Mazari? (20:48) Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Hi, guys  apologies. Hi, guys. This is actually Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah right now. Could you give us a sense of service increases versus decreases in the commercial business? And are you seeing any changes in the competitive dynamics in the segment?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So no change. We would  just as we've said in the last couple quarters, sort of the net-net of increases, decreases are still positive, trending in the right direction. No real change in competitive behavior. As I said, I just admitted on my closing comments, the fundamentals of the business are strong with a really good macro growth environment as a backdrop. So again, that's what positions us, as we've said, I think, well for 2018 in a  just another good year. Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up and I'll turn it over. On U.S. tax reform, do you see  or do you expect any change in labor inflation, and could you walk us through how much of the cost structure is labor? And do CPI contracts offset any labor headwinds that there might be?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So look, overall, our labor cost increases over the last several years have been pretty consistent. So, I'll start with that as a backdrop. Even when the recession was sort of at its worst, deepest, longest, we continued to adjust our people's pay. So we continue to give raises throughout periods of time, frankly where other employers were not giving raises. We continued to improve benefits. We continued to work on the work environment. So we don't see necessarily for us a big change coming. We put a lot of effort into employee engagement and to make it a great place to work. And we put a lot of work into making sure that our frontline people and all of our people frankly are paid according to the market and fair to market. So, it's not like we've got this sort of pent-up issue. Having said that, wages  direct wages are about 20% of our total revenue.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. 30%. (22:56)
Donald W. Slager: And if you add in  that's driver frontline, if you add in the maintenance wages in that part of SG&A, that's people, it's about 30% all in. And we've done a good job managing these cost. And we've done a good job managing our benefits while still providing competitive and good benefit programs. So that's not really keeping me up at night. I think we're just going to answer we're fine. And then with CPI coming up, that just gives us additional help, right? So, we've been sort of the victims, if you will, of an artificially low CPI environment. And we've done a good job of holding our margins pretty strong through that. As CPI improves, we'll get some benefit. Remember, a little bit inflation ultimately is a good thing for us. So, I remember the days when inflation was sort of 3-ish percent. We saw that flow through our business pretty well. So that's not the  that's not worrisome. Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck. So I'm curious on the 130  or 110 to 130 basis point expected improvement in the margins, just how much of that is simply the mathematics of the revenue recognition impact?
Charles F. Serianni: It's 100 basis points, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. So, apples to apples, margins are  you're looking for some modest improvement. But can you talk about some of the pluses and minuses in the margins as we think about next year? So I think we have the call center consolidation, maybe some easing landfill costs. I know we have dilution from ReCommunity and then commodities. But can you kind of give us some color there?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, absolutely. So when you think about commodities, think about a headwind of about 20 to 40 basis points. When you think about change in mix primarily due to the ReCommunity acquisition, think about 30 basis points. So that would tell you  the math would tell you then that you've got 80 basis points of expansion just coming from the business. And part of that, as you had mentioned, is because of the CRCs.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. If I could just add something, Tyler, we're expecting to see margin expansion in all lines of our collection business in 2018. So that is the benefit of having great market position, of building density market by market, and again, that good macro backdrop. So, we expect to see that operating leverage continue to come through the business.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Very helpful. And then just real quick, Chuck, you'd given a longer-term EBITDA margin guidance goal, I suppose, of 30%, but given this change, is it just simple math to assume that it would be more like 31%?
Donald W. Slager: How about if I take that, Tyler. Yeah. We  as I always say, let us get to 30% and then we'll get to 31%, but yeah, it's just simple math, remember, the two big things that have kind of kept us down in the margin department has been this CPI headwind, right, and sort of fluctuations in commodities, and we had shared with you last year, pre-tax reform, that if not for those two issues over the last several years, we'd be sort of above 31%. Right? So that 30% is sort of realistic target. Adjust for tax, we're still going to move the margins forward, and again, a little bit help from CPI and our  sort of we got an internal program we call sort of Reimagined Recycling (sic) [Recycling Reimagined] (26:19) as we make that business better and more sustainable economically, we're going to get there.
Patrick Tyler Brown: All right. Thank you, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just on the topic of recycled commodity prices. They've started the year off lower than a lot of people thought, and I think that actually moved a little bit lower in the last month or so. And there's some speculation that China is just going to maybe not grant as many import licenses this year. So just wondering if you could provide more thoughts on that market and what your updated assumptions are on pricing and when and if you think prices might recover here?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so we've got $135 a ton in the plan for the year sort of through 2018. January is a little bit weaker than that, $120 a ton. So, our budget is $135, and we think based on what we know about the business, that it will come back through the year. And so we still feel pretty safe with that assumption of using $1.35 (sic) [$135] (27:27). So let me just speak a minute about China, right? So, we historically have told you that about 30% of our fiber moves to China. Over the last several months, we've been moving fiber to different locations. And now today, this minute, only about 10% of the fiber goes to China. So, we've kind of isolated that issue, if you will, for the time being. Having said that, I'll remind you that we've always felt and we always do produce a pretty good quality product. And so our recycle bales, et cetera, are pretty easy to move. We've never had to inventory material. We've never had to landfill material. Our  so anyways, we've actually opened new markets in Europe and in other parts of Asia. So we feel pretty good about where we stand from a sort of a supply chain freight movement perspective. And then the free market's going to work. And ultimately, the increase for consumer packaging we think will drive  mark the price back to where it belongs. And frankly, some of the bad actors that caused this problem in the first place, and we weren't one of them, they're going to have to get their act together, and then sort of the whole market improves. So we're still pretty positive.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks for that. And one follow-up, if I could. Just thoughts on how you would redeploy the sort of windfall you're getting from the tax benefits and the proceeds there between dividends, share repurchases, incremental CapEx, more growth, more employee compensation. And just sort of related to that, are you seeing a change in what the M&A targets you have are asking for, for their businesses as a result of the tax reform? Or is it too early to tell a lot at how that would impact the M&A landscape?
Donald W. Slager: All right. So that was a pretty long question, and I'm going to give you a really long answer, how's that?
Brian Maguire: Sounds good.
Donald W. Slager: So let's go back in time, right? So last fall, when we gave our preliminary outlook, right, about that same time, we also  our Board also approved a new stock buyback plan of $2 billion. So at that time, you could sort of presuppose that if we  and we always do, right  sort of meet our goals around stock purchase, repurchase. So last year, we were saying, look, between the stock repurchase program and the sort of the dividend practice of the company that we expected over the next three years, 2018, 2019 and 2020, to return $3.5 billion to shareholders. Okay? Going forward the next three years, $3.5 billion. The four years preceding that, we returned $3.5 billion. So four years leading up to this year, up to  through 2017, it was $3.5 billion over four [years]. Now we're saying, we're returning $3.5 billion over three [years], and that was pre-tax reform, right? So we're staying true to that. And with tax reform, there's your question, what are we going to do with the windfall? So as I said in my comments, it's $190 million a year, because we're a statutory payer. And I also said by the way that we think the pipeline for acquisitions is pretty robust. So I'll come back to that. First of all, I said in my comments that we're going to spend about $200 million of that right back into the business. So in two ways. One in fleet. So we've got this One Fleet thing going. It's great. It's working out well. We expect to continue to age the fleet a little bit over time. But at the same time, we've got a lot of trucks that we sort of inherit through acquisitions that aren't really up to our standards. We have trucks that really weren't maintained very well from the beginning of time. We're probably going to buy some of those ages down. So we get a really good return on that by basically putting new trucks on the street. So we're going to use some of that cash flow, that new found cash flow, to infuse some new life into the fleet. So that's going to be good for our productivity, our safety, good for our frontline people, because, as you know, the office that our drivers have is their truck. So our drivers should love that. Secondly, facilities. So the other $100 million is back into the facilities and specifically for our frontline people. So we are going to  but we're putting together a plan now to go into our facilities and really start to upgrade break rooms, locker rooms, better locker rooms for our women employees, as we have more and more female drivers, and training space. And we take training very seriously. We want to make sure that we've got a really great professional place for our frontline people that come to work to start their day, so we can send them off like professionals, and a great place to end their day. So we think that is the highest and best use that frankly benefits the frontline employee directly over the long haul, and these are a lot of  again, we have a lot of  we have low turnover with a lot of employees with us 5, 10, 20 years, they're going to love that. It benefits the local economy, because we'll be hiring local contractors to do the work, so that's infusion into the economy. And it's good for our owners, because as always, I'm a broken record, but we run the business for the long term. And my job definition is create long-term sustainable value. And we think that's the way to do it. The remaining cash, hopefully, the pipeline continues. And we spent over $400 million in 2017. And I said in my comments emphatically that we're going to spend over $150 million in 2018, and we've got a little extra cash to buy some EBITDA. So any time we can continue to buy reoccurring cash flow in the business that we like and that we're pretty good at running, that's what we're going to do. How's that for a long answer?
Brian Maguire: I got my money's worth on that one. So I'll...
Donald W. Slager: All right.
Brian Maguire: ...turn it over now. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks.
Operator: The next questions will be from Andrew Buscaglia of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Hey, guys.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Andrew.
Donald W. Slager: How are you?
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Good. So I just wanted to touch on the volumes. So you're exiting the year at a pretty good volume run rate, yet your guidance is only flat to up 25 basis points. I might have  hopefully I didn't miss this in the comments, but why such a cautious view there on volume?
Charles F. Serianni: It's really because of the special event volumes that we had in 2017. When you think about special waste in Q4, here being 37.9%, I can never remember a number that large before. So, that just creates a bit of a comp for us. But let me explain it this way also, Andrew. If you strip out the broker and the event business, then the volume growth in 2018 will be closer to 1% to 1.25%.
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. And then just given the macro backdrop here, people are on edge with the markets, and given your leverage, I mean, can you remind us with regards to your debt, how much is fixed here, if there's anything you can do on the variable that you're looking at potentially, and maybe any interest expense guide that you can provide?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So we're about 81%, 82% fixed. The rest is floating. And we're going to constantly look and we have constantly looked at making sure that we have the appropriate view in terms of liability management. And we'll see what happens in terms of rate increases in 2018. But I'd also say that we've already contemplated a couple of rate increases in 2018 in our guidance.
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Okay.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, let me add to that. We continue to believe that our optimal leverage, debt to EBITDA leverage, is right about 3 times. And anywhere between 2.5 to 3 times works for us, and so as long as we can continue to put money to work in the market to buy good business, to invest in the business, maintain our leverage at a very acceptable rate of 3 times, and to Chuck's point, manage that portfolio as well as he and the treasury team do, it's a good place to be. So, we're in pretty good position. Remember too, right, I've got a couple things. Always remember, our business is a little bit different, right? Necessary service, long views into the incoming cash flows because of the large percentage of our customers under contract, long views in the outflows of cash because of the stability of CapEx in some of those cash flows or outflows, so  and also, we like the economy, right? So, the economy is doing well now. If the economy flutters a little bit, which we don't anticipate in 2018, we get a pretty good warning sign.
Charles F. Serianni: Right.
Donald W. Slager: And we get the sort of benefit from the ongoing housing and those kind of things at start. So that's one of the good things about the waste space. So we're...
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Okay.
Donald W. Slager: ...in pretty good place.
Andrew E. Buscaglia: Got it, helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeff Silver (sic) [Silber] (37:15) of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Thanks so much. Earlier this week, I believe there was some information came out of the EPA about the proposed settlement up for the West Lake Landfill. I just was wondering if you'd give us a little bit more color in terms of things we should be watching on that front.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Really not a lot more color here. I would just  I would have you look to the public statement that Bridgestone landfill put out. That's really a statement that you need to check out and review all the facts there that you need. I would just add really the punch line, and that is, given the landfill did not generate this material nor did the landfill transport the material, our belief is that the landfill, it doesn't really have a much ultimate financial responsibility, and it should be limited. So that's really what you need to really focus on, and the rest of it is in the public statement.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Okay. Fair enough. And just circling back to the recycling issue, I think you had previously stated that a $10 per ton move in the commodity price had roughly a 3% impact on earnings. I just want to make sure that that still holds. And I think you had also stated earlier, when we talked about the potential impacts of OCC price declines this year, I think it was a $0.04 to $0.05 impact on earnings. Again, just want to double check if that's the last year. Thanks so much.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, actually, the sensitivity has changed a little bit because of tax reform. So now with $10 change in recycled commodity prices changes EPS by approximately $0.04.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: And I'm sorry, the OCC impact on prices? The  I'm sorry, the...
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. The OCC  yeah. Jeff, this is Nicole. OCC makes up about 45% of the fiber or material that we sell, and if you think about the impacts of pricing into 2018, like you said, we said $0.05 to $0.06. Now, with tax reform, that goes up a little bit. So call it like...
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Okay for...
Nicole Giandinoto: ...$0.07, $0.08.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: All right. That's really helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking my questions. Good afternoon, Don, Chuck, and Nicole. By the way...
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Noah. (39:39)
Noah Kaye: ...congratulations on receiving those sustainability awards. Nice accomplishment there.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Noah Kaye: Just listening to talk about the planned incremental investment in the fleet, certainly, we've heard a lot and read a lot about fleet technology, data, safety tech, I'm just wondering, is there anything that you're seeing? And if so, maybe a couple of areas where incremental technology is helping you see a better ROI to making those investments in newer younger fleets. Is there something there about the new fleets, is it just that they're younger? Because I think certainly getting your perspective as one of the largest vocational fleet, owners will help kind of clarify for folks what incremental technology, whether it's the alternative fuels or call it advanced driver safety, could mean for your business.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, that's a mouthful. So as it relates to alternative fuel, right, we've been pretty busy over the last several years moving portions of our fleet toward CNG. And we'll continue to do that over time. And today...
Charles F. Serianni: 19%.
Donald W. Slager: ...19% of our fleet runs on compressed natural gas. So  and we started out by building more fueling centers and then kind of consolidating more and more, expanding to those spaces so we get the maximum benefit. As it relates to other technology, we for years have used camera technology and what I would call sonar technology like you have in your personal car that gives you an audible warning if you're backing up close to something. As far as technology within the truck that comes through the manufacturer, there are some really great telematics-type technology that we can use today that comes with the truck that helps us monitor, maintenance, other things. Those are great tools, integrate well with us. We've always used a computer-based routing system to route our trucks. And we will, over the next few years, begin to move more and more technology into the cab. And frankly, that will help us, from a productivity perspective, from a safety perspective, but more and more, even to connect us to customers. So, we'll continue to go down that road. As it relates to things like autonomous vehicles, we've talked about this a little bit. There's several levels of autonomy. And so, just like in your personal car, things like lane change warnings and those kind of things. Those are now starting to be developed by Class 8 truck manufacturers. We will put those to work in our trucks. And I think personally, we're quite a ways away from full autonomous vehicles. And I think frankly, our industry will be one of the last industries to go that way. And one of the reasons is consider the fact that it's not only a truck going like down the interstate like somebody going from Des Moines to Omaha, but our trucks have to stop every so many feet. So somebody has to get out and open the gate and move a container, and that would frankly take two automated or autonomous vehicles to do that work. So now you're really starting to see kind of what we're up against. But we are  I'll tell you this, we're the seventh largest vocational fleet in the nation. We've got some very good fleet professionals on our team, and we are at the table talking with manufacturers, not only chassis but also body manufacturers to take out weight to improve longevity and all those things. So we're not phobic about it, we're just being realistic and practical, and we're going to invest where there's a good ROI and we're going to keep pace with these developments. So, right now, what we've got cooking for 2018 is baked in the guidance we've given you. And as we accomplish these goals and we get past to sort of the next developments, sort of the next investments we'll make in fleet, we'll keep you updated, and we'll let you work those into the numbers when it's time.
Noah Kaye: Well, thanks for that answer. Appreciate it. And maybe a quick one for Chuck. I mean, how should we think about the cash tax rate now as a percentage of book? And is the 27% rate kind of the right effective rate over multiyear period, or do you think you can do some tax planning to further lower that?
Charles F. Serianni: 27% is the rate that we're guiding to, and that's the appropriate rate for 2018. But having said that, we continue to look at opportunities to lower that rate.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thanks very much.
Charles F. Serianni: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thanks for taking my questions.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Michael.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hey, hey, Don, Chuck, Nicole. The cash tax rate, can we get that? Is  what percent of book is  or do you think you're going to be as a cash taxpayer?
Charles F. Serianni: 75%.
Michael E. Hoffman: 75%. Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: 75%.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah, all right. Your capital spending is up about roughly 10% year-over-year. So just want to make sure I understand the commentary about the $190 million in cash tax savings reinvest in facilities and fleets. So part of that, the 10% year-over-year increase includes that, includes probably some extra sell (44:59) development because you had so much landfill usage. And then we're kind of more normal overall spending rate.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, let's add growth in there, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Because we had pretty good growth, we had pretty good growth in the year, right, so  yeah, so, we had growth, you hit that. We've got a little landfill development which is good and part of it is growth. But it's still kind of hanging in that 10% revenue range, right? And then as I said, as you pointed out, $25 million-ish or so next year in redeploying some cash into facility upgrades for our frontline people and a little bit of fleet infusion here to get that ball rolling.
Michael E. Hoffman: Which I think that answers my next question, so $190 million is the savings, but your free cash flow is only up $165 million relative to the guidance in 3Q. So the difference  that $25 million, the difference is what you're reinvesting year-over-year?
Charles F. Serianni: That's right, Michael.
Donald W. Slager: That is the math.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: That's right.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Not bad for a dumb farmer. Corporate...
Donald W. Slager: You said that, man.
Michael E. Hoffman: I know. I know. Corporate rate savings out of the $190 million versus accelerated depreciation, how do I think about  like is there more to play around with on accelerated depreciation? Or is the $190 million the right number for good?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So think about it this way, Michael, the federal rate is probably a $180 million-ish (46:22). And then you get about $50 million of bonus depreciation on top of that for the year. But then you got a couple of negatives that you need to contemplate also. One is lower state tax deductions, right, because you've got less of a shield. And the other one is changes to the deductibility of certain expenses, right? So...
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah.
Donald W. Slager: ...you've heard about the change in deductibility of like meals and entertainment, so all of that nets out to the $190 million.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. All right, that's very helpful. And then just to be clear, if I were to take 3.75% off of the revenues and expenses of 2017, that's  and I could do that just to be able to have a  to see the comparable, keep the EBITDA at the same number, but the revenue comes down 3.75%, and then I can look at what my sort of comparable margin is 1Q 2018 versus 2017 when I reflect revenue recognition.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. It's about 100 basis points both years, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: And spread evenly out throughout the whole year or is it lumpy?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, it's more or less spread out evenly.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. All right. And then within the context of the acquisition environment, how much of this is sellers worrying that in three years, all this tax benefit goes away and they better get this done now?
Donald W. Slager: Right. First of all, I think that's five questions, Michael, but okay. Yes, so look, here's to our position. I think most of the selling that we're seeing just frankly happens to be companies who are getting to that cycle in their timeframe, okay? And here's what I always try to say. Look, if someone started a business 10 years ago and they're still at a point where they've got the energy to build the business, maybe they're at a certain age or whatever, a little bit of tax reform isn't going push them at the age of 35 or 45 to sell their business, and they're probably not going to do that. But if you've got a business that you're already in the window, you've already  you're already thinking about generational planning, you're already thinking about, hey, my whole life's work and my  I'm the third generation and in my whole family's work and it's time to monetize this, then yeah, I think maybe the tax reform might push you forward. But you've got to be in that decision point. I mean, here's the thing. It's a great business. And we've got  there's a lot of small companies that we buy, tuck-in acquisitions. We buy some really nice companies that have run a long time. I mean, where these people have put their heart and soul into it, they've built really nice businesses, and they're not just going to walk away from them just for a couple of percent. But you get if they're in the window, this may be what they've been waiting for. So we'll certainly be ready to do that. We've got really good people out there talking to companies who are thinking of selling today. That's why I say the pipeline  when I say the pipeline, it's not hearsay, it's people we've already talked to, it's people that we think are in the position to make a decision. So that's why we're confident in it. But I don't think this by itself will cause each and every person to move. Remember too, the smaller the company is, the less taxes they pay. Frankly, very small private entrepreneurs, they're not paying a lot of income tax today, and their businesses are almost designed that way. So this doesn't really create a windfall for them.
Michael E. Hoffman: Very good. Thank you very much.
Donald W. Slager: Great.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys, just curious in the volume. So I think you mentioned underlying volume growth of 1%, 1.25% in 2018. Is that a deceleration from what we finished with 2017? I would just think with the housing activity, the big growth you're seeing in special waste, which is typically a lead indicator, like why are we not seeing a step-up maybe in the underlying volume growth? Or is the mix in the volume growth changing?
Charles F. Serianni: I think the volume growth is pretty consistent year-over-year. So in 2017, we reported a growth of 2.5% and that includes really strong special waste volume, C&D volumes, some of that actually coming through from the hurricanes also. So when you factor all of that out, and you kind of look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, I think the volume growth year-over-year is pretty consistent.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so, right. We had the special waste we mentioned in the remarks, and we still have a little broker volume that we're walking away from. We still have a couple of national accounts that just  they're not making it for us. And we've got a couple of residential customers out there that we haven't been able to convince to pay us what we deserve, and we're going to have to walk away from those accounts in 2018. So we're still taking a very strong approach to making sure we're getting the right return on the work we're doing, the right return on the investments we're making. And that's going to continue. Meanwhile, again, we always say it, look at the cash flow. The cash flow is the story. And so we're getting our fair share of growth. As I said earlier in Q&A, we expect margin expansion in all of our lines of collection business. Some of that is coming from growth. Some of that is coming from good pricing. Some of that's coming from productivity. But the business is healthy, strong, and we're making other very intentional decisions around volume to make sure that we're only doing what we're getting the right return for.
Michael Feniger: That's great. And just on the margin guidance and expecting 10 to 30 bps of expansion, I mean how should we be thinking about that through the cadence of the year? I think in the fourth quarter, you're still seeing this landfill operating cost still kind of elevated. We have the mix of the acquisitions. Could you just tell us how we should be thinking about maybe the first half or second half with that margin guidance?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Keep in mind that first half, we're coming off of commodity prices that were really strong. First half of last year, kind of circa $160 a ton. So, we would say that you're going to see the majority of the margin expansion towards the second half of the year.
Michael Feniger: Okay. That's great. And just  if I could sneak one in, it's just on the open pricing, I think you said open pricing should be flat in 2018. I'm assuming that what that means is, I think open pricing was up 5%. So that's the kind of rate you guys would be expecting in 2018 with restricted prices moving up, or do you think open pricing is starting to hit that ceiling? Is that 5% number just kind of where  kind of as high as we can take it?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, I don't know that it's necessarily hit a ceiling yet. I think that obviously, 5% core growth on the open market is very, very strong. But Don had mentioned before a little bit of inflation, and not only does that help you on the restricted portion of the business, it also helps you a little bit in the open market. So I think that we've got a little bit of room to grow there.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Look, when customers are seeing inflation in their business, right, they're not seeing it from us, they're seeing it from other suppliers. And it makes it easier to have the conversation about what price adjustments are possible and necessary. So, a good  we've always maintained that a reasonably consistent inflation is good for our business. And if you look historically, it always has been, and if CPI moves higher, it helps us in the fixed portion. It clearly carries over than it historically has in the open market. So, again, we think the future is strong as it relates to that. So, when I hear about a little bit of CPI happening, I feel good about it.
Michael Feniger: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And there appear to be no further questions at this time. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Denise. I would like to thank all of Republic employees for their hard work, commitment serving our customers, and dedication to operational excellence and upholding the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, everybody. Remember to be safe out there. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending this presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Third Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter 2017 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 2, 2017. Please note this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy, solid price and volume growth, as well as continued strength in our energy services business, and progress on our multi-year initiatives helped us achieve high single-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow per share. Highlights of the quarter and nine months ended include adjusted EPS of $0.67, an 8% increase over the prior year, despite a $0.01 headwind from hurricane related costs. Our results were positively impacted by solid execution across our business and a lower tax rate. In July, we raised our EPS guidance range to $2.36 to $2.39, despite the recent decline in recycled commodity prices and costs associated with the hurricanes, we remain very well-positioned to achieve the upper-end of the range. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $606 million, a 12% increase over the prior year, after normalizing for the change in cash taxes. On a per share basis, adjusted free cash flow increased 14% over the prior year. Free cash flow was in line with our expectations and we remain well positioned to achieve our full year guidance of $875 million to $900 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 28%, total revenue grew 6.3%, core price was 4.1%. Average yield was 2.5% and was strongest in our small container and large container businesses, were the majority of our customers are in open markets. The reported volumes increased 1.6%. Our volume growth continues to be broad-based and is strongest in the event-driven portion of our disposal business. Energy services revenue was $40 million, an increase of 130% versus the prior year. As part of our revenue enhancing initiatives, we now have approximately $510 million in annual revenue that uses a waste-related index or a fixed rate increase of 3% percent or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have historically run higher than CPI. Year-to-date we've invested $385 million in acquisitions including ReCommunity which closed in early October. The investment in ReCommunity enables us to further vertically integrate our recycling operations without adding capacity in our existing markets. To meet the demands of our customers who have told us recycling is important to them and have also demonstrated a willingness to pay, and to continue to capitalize on secular trends such as the growth in online shopping. Acquisitions remain a core component of our growth strategy and help us improve our operating density and further strengthen our existing market positions. Our pipeline for the remainder of 2017 and into 2018 is robust and will serve as a catalyst for future profitable growth. Year-to-date, we returned $682 million of cash to our shareholders as part of our efficient capital allocation strategy. This includes 5.7 million shares repurchased for approximately $357 million. Additionally, our board approved a $2 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization which extends through 2020. This demonstrates the strength and confidence we have in our ability to grow free cash flow as well as our commitment to increase cash returns to shareholders, while maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Next, I'd like to discuss some recent events. First, with respect to the hurricanes, we are happy to report that all our employees are safe. In addition, we did not incur any material damage to our assets. Our third quarter results include cost associated with the hurricanes, which were partially offset by revenue from cleanup related work. In the fourth quarter, we expect storm-related revenue to offset additional costs. I'm extremely proud of the Republic team and would like to thank them for their tireless efforts to care for each other, service our customers, restore our communities and protect our assets. I would also like to acknowledge the generosity of our employees and board of directors, who have contributed $0.5 million to our Employee Relief Fund. With the company's matching donation, the fund has an additional $1 million to further support employees in their time of need. Second, I'd like to provide Republic's perspective on the recent increase in volatility in recycled commodity prices following China's announcement of its National Sword program. From July to the beginning of October, published OCC export prices declined 52% from a high of $237 per ton to $113 per ton. Since then, prices have rebounded nearly 45% and are now above the 10-year average. In the past, when comparable programs were implemented, we also saw a temporary increase in pricing volatility. We believe the recent volatility is again temporary and the pricing we saw in early October is not indicative of a new normal. Also, we haven't seen a structural change in the demand for packaging or recovered fiber and believe that continued growth in e-commerce and online shopping will further increase demand. At Republic, we produce a high-quality product and have established relationships with contracts with some of the largest most reputable buyers and mills across the U.S. and China, as well as Indonesia, Thailand, Korea and India. As a result, we've continued to sell our material without disruption to our partners across the globe and have not warehoused or landfilled any recovered material. Recent events reinforce our efforts to transition to a durable fee-based model and the need for additional public outreach and education to reduce the amount of recycling contamination of low-value material in the recycling waste stream. Looking-forward, we expect our average recycled commodity price in 2018 to decrease relative to 2017, yet remain above our 10-year historical average price. We expect a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind from recycling in the fourth quarter and a $0.04 to $0.05 headwind into 2018. We will provide an update on recycled commodity prices on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Finally, in September, Republic was named to the gold standard of sustainability rankings for a second consecutive year. We were the only recycling and solid waste company in the world to be named to either the Dow Jones Sustainability North America or World Indices. We share the view of our customers and shareholders who have told us sustainability is important to them. We believe it drives profitability, reduces enterprise risk and enhances long-term value creation. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Third quarter revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, an increase of $153 million or 6.3% over the prior year. This 6.3% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 5.9% and acquisitions of 40 basis points. The components of our 5.9% internal growth rate are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.5%, average yields in the collection business was 3.1%, which included 4% yield in the small container business, 3.1% yield in the large container business and 1.9% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1.3%, which included landfill MSW of 1.8%. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.1% in the open market and 2.3% in the restricted portion of our business. This is the second consecutive quarter we've seen a sequential improvement in restricted core price. The second component of our internal growth rate is total volume, which increased 1.6% over the prior year. Volumes in the collection business increased 10 basis points. This included a 1.8% increase in our large container business, partially offset by a 1.3% decrease in our small container business. Residential collection volumes were flat versus the prior year. Small container volumes included a 130 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have been flat versus the prior year. Within our large container business, temporary C&D hauls were up 4% and recurring hauls were up 1.2%. The post-collection business made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes increased 9%. Landfill volumes increased 10.1%, which included special waste of 24.7%, C&D of 14.5%, and MSW of 20 basis points. In the fourth quarter, we expect a seasonal decline in C&D and special waste volumes. The third component of our internal growth rate is fuel recovery fees, which increased 30 basis points. The increase relates to rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.63 in the third quarter from $2.38 in the prior year, an increase of 10%. The current average diesel price is $2.82 per gallon. The next component energy services revenue increased 80 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin, where we are well-positioned. And the final component of our internal growth is commodity revenue , which increased 70 basis points. The growth in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to an increased recycle commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 26% to $167 per ton in the third quarter from $133 per ton in the prior year. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased 22%, primarily due to an increase in rebates. Now, I will discuss changes in margin. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28%, which compares to 28.9% in the prior year. The change includes a 30 basis point increase in landfill operating cost, a 40 basis point headwind due to a favorable legal settlement in the prior year and the 30 basis point increase in cost resulting from the hurricanes. Excluding these items, we had 10 basis points of margin expansion from strong open market pricing and volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Third quarter interest expense was $90 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 35% and benefited from favorable state tax settlements. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the fourth quarter. Since we received a number of questions regarding the potential impact of tax reform, I'd like to make a few comments. As a statutory tax rate payer, we would be a direct beneficiary of tax reform. For example, if the federal tax rate has decreased from 35% to 20%, free cash flow would increase by approximately $180 million, or said differently for every 500 basis point reduction in the tax rate, free cash flow would increase by $60 million. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $606 million, a 12% increase over the prior year after normalizing for the change in cash taxes. On a per share basis, adjusted free cash flow increased 14% over the prior year. Finally, as Don mentioned earlier, year-to-date, we've invested $385 million in acquisitions, including ReCommunity. At the same time, we successfully completed the sale of lower margin businesses for $81 million resulting in a net investment of $304 million to-date. Now, I will turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. Given the predictability and consistency of our business similar to prior years, we are providing a preliminary outlook for next year. We are currently midway through our annual planning process. Based on our initial reviews and assuming current business and economic conditions continue, we project the following for 2018. Adjusted EPS of $2.53 to $2.58 and adjusted free cash flow of $925 million to $950 million. This represents high single-digit growth in EPS and free cash flow per share, despite a $0.04 to $0.05 headwind from recycled commodity prices. Excluding the impact of recycled commodities, the business is on track to deliver double-digit growth in both EPS and free cash flow per share. We will achieve these results in 2018 by growing both price and volume for the sixth straight year executing our strategy to drive additional operating leverage in the business, effectively deploying capital to fund profitable organic growth and accretive acquisitions, and consistently and efficiently returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Similar to prior years, we will provide detailed financial guidance for 2018 in February of next year. In summary, the current economic backdrop and industry fundamentals combined with our robust acquisition pipeline position us well to deliver another year of strong financial results. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question today will come from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just on operating leverage. I think, Chuck, you mentioned 10 bps margin expansion on high single-digit revenue growth, but at the same time, I think you talked about better leverage in 2018, maybe just walk us through what sort of costs normalize as you get into 2018, the hurricane, some of these landfill operating costs, do they go down. Just walk us through what changes in 2018 where the leverage is much higher than 10 bps.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, So, there's a couple of things that we're looking at, Hamzah, one would be, as you mentioned, the landfill operating costs also were obviously higher this year. We did see a sequential improvement in this operating cost from Q2 into Q3. And obviously into 2018, we continue to see a decrease in those costs as a percentage of revenue. So that would be one thing I would point to. The other thing is the SG&A line. We do right now have the full cost of our customer resource centers, included in our SG&A, all three centers. This time last year, we only had two of those centers opened, and as we had talked about, we're going to continue to see leverage in the SG&A line, specifically related to those customer resource centers. So those would be the two things that I would point to in particular. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. And just maybe for Don, just any update on the commercial business? One of your smaller competitors highlighted some competitive pressures in certain urban markets. I know you guys are more diversified nationally, but just any color on what you're seeing in the commercial business? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Sure. Yeah. Overall right  we would tell you that it's still very rational in that business. You think about the yields we saw in small container business was 4%, still very strong. Small container volume growth was negative due to, as Chuck said in his commentary, moving away from the broker business. So we've been doing that  now steadily over a number of quarters, and we'll continue to do that in the next year. The real reason for it being negative then beyond that is just National Accounts. So we've lost our non-regrettable National Accounts, and we've taken up pretty hard line on making sure that, that portfolio was  is meeting the appropriate return. And as you know National Accounts business can be a little choppy that way. So overall though we would say it's pretty rational and we continue to see positive growth, container waste kind of flat quarter-to-quarter, but service increases still are greater than service decreases. So, we still think there's additional upside in the small container business for us. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Yeah. Just a follow-up, I'll turn it over. On tax reform, you mentioned the $180 million, if tax rates go to 20%, and it's in the news, the 20%. What do you guys intend to do with the cash? Would that come back in terms of a buyback or how are you thinking about deployment of that cash? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Thanks, Hamzah. So first I'd like to say that the $2 billion repurchase authorization that the board approved doesn't estimate that there'd be any tax reform, right. So, the $2 billion is based on our current performance, the current tax policy, et cetera. So, if you take a look at what we do historically, we've been pretty efficient returning cash to shareholders. Over the last seven years, we've returned about $5.5 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. With this new authorization over the next three years, we expect to return about $3.5 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. And that doesn't include any kind of tax reform. So, again, when we have cash, we put it to work. So, we put it to work in the acquisition pipeline, we return it to shareholders, as I just described, through sort of the normal channels. But that's what we do with it. All of this planning around cash and around our buyback strategy has us keeping our optimum leverage between 2.5 and 3 times. So, there really isn't a need to do anything with debt service or repay debt at this point. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon, Don, Chuck and Nicole. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe starting with your commentary on the robust pipeline, just maybe give us some color on where that's weighted to in terms of areas of the business, tuck-ins, with core solid waste, recycling, any kind of color would be helpful.
Donald W. Slager: Sure. Other than the ReCommunity deal, which was a large transaction by itself, once again we bought 26 facilities, 22 were on top of our existing markets, so it was a very nice tuck-in, if you will, to densify and give us more strength in our existing markets. Outside of that, majority was tuck-ins. There were no other really large transactions to speak of and that's what we think the majority going forward. So we'll continue to look at all opportunities large and small that fit our strategy. Again, we're in 240 marketplaces across the U.S. with 39 states. We will look at businesses that are tuck-ins in our current markets, that are contiguous to current markets where we can leverage management and knowhow, but primarily across our core businesses.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. Thanks very much for that. And then, understanding that your guidance is preliminary for 2018, I wonder if you can just help us think as concretely as possible at this point how to kind of bridge from the midpoint of this year to next year's free cash flow guidance.
Charles F. Serianni: I will say this that we are anticipating margin expansion in our preliminary guide for next year. Obviously, what we do in our preliminary outlook is give kind of just the big building blocks here, but we'll get into a lot more detail, Noah, in February.
Noah Kaye: Fully appreciate it. Just wondering, I mean, I don't know if you're factoring in any kind of potential debt refi off of that. You talked about kind of keeping leverage optimal. But I mean, given the credit markets continue to be pretty healthy, how are you thinking about debt refi opportunity over the near and medium-term?
Donald W. Slager: We have over the course of the next three years or so a little over $2 billion of debt that is coming due. The coupon on that debt is anywhere from the high-3s into the 5s, and so we're looking to be opportunistic as we refinance that debt. If we were to refinance that at current levels, current treasury levels right now, there would be somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million to $35 million worth of cash savings.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. Thanks so much. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from Corey Greendale with First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Corey Greendale: Hey. Good afternoon. A couple of pretty quick questions. I understand you're not giving more specifics on the guidance but are you willing to say anything about either the GAAP tax rate assumption or the cash tax assumption baked into 2018?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So as I said before, we're a statutory tax rate payer, so your 39.5% is what we're  what's currently in our model.
Corey Greendale: And cash tax charge?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So cash tax is once again, a little over $100 million  little over 100% because we're still coming off of bonus depreciation. When we finally anniversary all the way through bonus depreciation we'll go back to a long-term average of just a little under 100% call it 95-ish-percent.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And then maybe I'll do a two-parter for my second question. Risk management costs have been elevated for a couple of quarters, sort of what's driving that, what's your expectation? Then my second question is, as you  I think you had sort of back-end loaded CPI increases and I know you're switching to other indexes, but should we expect given that that you may see higher levels of price in Q4 and going into 2018?
Donald W. Slager: So, in terms your risk management question, we had a reversal, a favorable development of prior claims last year that didn't repeat this year. So, that's why the year-over-year comparison looks a little less favorable. But that's not something that's long term indicative of the trend in risk insurance. In terms of your question on CPI, right now what we're projecting, what we're seeing as maybe CPI coming in a little about 2% for 2017, if that's the case, if that holds then in July of next year, July of 2018, we get a step up, we get that step up in our restricted pricing and that's probably were 10 basis points to 20 basis points of yield for us.
Corey Greendale: Excellent. Thanks for the answers.
Donald W. Slager: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Box of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Joe G. Box: Yeah, hey guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Joe.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Joe.
Joe G. Box: So, landfill costs have crept up pretty much across the space and it seems like we're now going on about four years of volume growth there. So, I'm curious if it's possible to not just fix the cost issues there, but you know maybe aggressively pull the price lever a little more than you have?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, we think that's a great idea, we've been talking about that as well. So, you know we talked a lot over the years about landfill cost and the value of these landfills and they're nearly impossible to replicate, they're expensive to build, to own  to own into perpetuity. So, we have been consistently raising landfill prices over the last several years. Most of the landfill volume that comes into our sites today, comes from municipalities. So, just like, we're working to move the appropriate escalator index, we use from CPI to something more like water, sewer, trash in our collection business, we're trying to do that in our landfill business as well. So, we're going to continue to focus on that. For us, some of the landfill costs that have been  that have been inflated, really have been from just a handful of facilities. So it's not, it's not broad based for us from that perspective, so that's why when Chuck said we think some of that landfill increase is going to come down, as we go through 2018 and we believe that we'll get those handful of sites operating better. But we agree, landfill pricing, when you look at the whole list of pricing, for us landfill price has been 1% and everything else is sort of 3%, 4%, when you get to average yield, so our infrastructure needs to be looked at.
Joe G. Box: Okay. I mean I guess as my follow-up then. I mean, is it reasonable to think then because we've seen volume flow in at the rate that we have that, we could be on the frontend of a step up or an acceleration in landfill pricing?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I just described what  when we're going to try to do, I mean, as we're talking to municipalities about extending contracts again the same conversation that has taken that $2.5 billion book of residential collection contracts and converted over $500 million of it now to an alternative index. Those conversations are now going to be had with the landfill customers as well or municipalities, the same thing is true, we've done that with on the recycling processing side, we've already converted about 80% of that book over to a better in more fair index or value sharing arrangement. So one by one, we're getting through that. And again as I said, landfills is kind of next on our horizon.
Joe G. Box: Understood. Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Charles F. Serianni: Good morning, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck. So, I want to make sure I have the math right on the cash flow statement, you spent $138 million on acquisitions, you noted $385 million year-to-date. So, was all of the delta that $250 million, is that all ReCommunity, or is there some other stuff in there?
Charles F. Serianni: So, about $200 million or so was ReCommunity. And I don't have to say what the statement of cash flows in front of me. So, I'm not  I would have to look at the rest of it, Tyler.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. Tyler, if you're looking at the statement of cash flow, remember that that's year-to-date.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Yes.
Nicole Giandinoto: Kind of acquisition cash paid on acquisitions. So, if you take the $385 million number and that we spoke to back out about $180 million for ReCommunity, which again included the 26 operating facilities and some tax attributes, we get back to a number close to what you see on the statement of cash flow.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then well, so from a modeling perspective, assuming what we know now assume that all the acquisitions that you've done is all you do, do you kind of have what the revenue rollover impact would be in 2018 from those, and maybe what the rollover impact from the divestitures would be?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, a net number then would be revenue contribution is about 185 basis points.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Oh, okay, okay.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, that number.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay, and so how much are you expecting to benefit from the call center consolidation?
Charles F. Serianni: Right now it's too early to tell. We'll give you more detail on that Tyler in February.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And just maybe last one here. But is there any way to quantify how much of the landfill operating cost was maybe extraordinary, I mean, is there, is there any number kind of that we can think about just maybe falling off in 2018?
Charles F. Serianni: You know, it depends on how quickly we can actually lower these costs. Keep in mind also that the majority of these costs have to do with us reducing leachate volumes that are actually in the landfills themselves in order to make them operate more efficiently. So, it really depends how quickly we're able to do that, right. So, these are costs that we're incurring today to really help the long-term effectiveness of the landfill. So, right now, I don't have a good estimate that I can give you in terms of the timing, but we do expect that they will go down in 2018.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And maybe, sorry one, one last one. But are you  when you talk about margin expansion next year, are you including the dilution from ReCommunity, so as we see it on the P&L?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. I am including that.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thank you, Don, Chuck and Nicole for taking my questions. On the operating leverage, if I can come back there's a multipart to it. 10 basis points but you also have recycling very favorable, so how do I adjust for the year-over-year 26% increase in recycling prices, clearly it says the margin leverage is better?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. You get to keep in mind the costs that we incurred also Michael, associated with the recycling facilities. You know, the whole China National Sword, because of that as you, as you're very familiar, there was a higher quality that needed to be produced in our facilities, that created more cost. And so that offset some of the benefit that we saw associated with higher commodity pricing.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So, you're saying that there's  well, that would actually make my case even stronger. So your margins in recycling is even lower. So, if I backed out recycling year-over-year like-to-like, the operating leverage of the garbage company is better than 10 basis points?
Donald W. Slager: It is better than 10 basis points, it's absolutely right.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah. That's what I'm trying to get at. What that number -
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Michael without giving all the detail, when we constructed here the various component  parts of our business, we saw a really strong operating leverage in our small container business, in our large container business, whereas you know as density grows, margins grow with it. So that part of the business is working great. We had this noise around recycling, as Chuck described. And we did a lot of acquisition work. So, we've got some acquisitions startup costs in the quarter. The good news is, we did a lot of acquisitions; the bad news is, we had a lot of acquisition startup costs. So, we've also been investing in our digital platform, investing in some other fleet issues. As Chuck said, though, the leachate issues. So, and we're making decisions to run the business better that we think will all benefit us in 2018. But there's definitely margin expansion going on in the right parts of the business, that we expect. And since, we had such a strong quarter and we're still guiding to the high-end of the range and producing a lot of cash flow, we're making some other investments along the way.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So following that line of thinking, what's the EBITDA and free cash flow implications of your penny in 2Q, and 4Q and your $0.05 to $0.06 in 2018 -- $0.04 to $0.05 in 2018 from recycling?
Nicole Giandinoto: Michael, it's a balance, call it say like 10 basis points, when you look into 2018. 10 basis points to 20 basis points.
Michael E. Hoffman: 10 basis points to 20 basis points on EBITDA?
Nicole Giandinoto: Yes.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then in your free cash flow outlook for next year. If you start with a $253 million and work upwards it clearly there's margin expansion. But when you start thinking about the components of cash flow from ops, it looks like you have a pretty healthy working capital use going into 2018. And I'm trying to understand why that would be versus your normal pattern.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. No, Michael, we're not seeing that. We're not seeing any unusual increase in working capital.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. All right. We'll go back and fine-tune the model more then. All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Charles F. Serianni: Take care, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good afternoon. Just following up on some of the questions on the initial outlook for the cash flows next year. I'm just wondering if you can give any initial look at CapEx either on a dollar basis or percentage of sales or even just maybe directionally from the 2017 levels where you think you'll be landing in 2018.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, our CapEx, as a percentage of revenue, has trended about 10%, maybe a little bit less than that. And we right now are expected to be at a similar level for 2018.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks. And it seems like this year's cash flow and next year's guidance implies maybe something in the very low-30s as a percentage of EBITDA. And I know comparing you to others in the industry isn't totally fair. You've got a different tax rate, different capital structure, lots of different things. But some of the others have made a little bit of progress moving that up recently. I'm just wondering if you're thinking about the number that we're at this year or next year, there's any sort of unique things that might go away. Maybe it's the CapEx coming down, maybe it's like you see those cash taxes reverting back a little bit. But where do you sort of see that free cash flow as a percentage of EBITDA settling out in a more normalized environment?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. We think that for next year, it'd probably be relatively in the same zone as a percentage of EBITDA. Longer-term, we are looking at the tax side of the equation to see if there's anything that we can do there to help lower the cash taxes we pay. We're obviously very much focused in on our post closure liabilities also, making sure that we're being intelligent about how we spend that cash. And looking at our cash interest rate also and seeing what we can do in terms of lowering the amount of cash that we're paying there. So, we are focused in on it. I would say that we're working very diligently on it. I wouldn't say that we've got a lot of arrows in the quiver here in order to kind of slay this dragon. The one huge benefit for us would be tax reform. So, just doing the math very quickly, if we were to get tax reform, if the federal tax rate were to go from 35% down to 20%, that would increase the conversion from where we are right now, to your point, in the low 30s almost to 40%. So it would be huge for us.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. And Brian, remember that, as we grow, growth requires CapEx. And at the same time, we're still working on extending the useful life of the fleet. So, we're only partway through that initiative and we'll see benefit from that yet in 2018 and a little bit beyond.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And just shifting to the recycling topic, you mentioned I think in response to one of prior questions that you have a little bit of expenditure to try and get to the tightened spec in China. I guess they're looking to get things down to as low as 0.3%, which I think most people we've talked to said, it's pretty unachievable. I guess, maybe if you could just give your own comment as to how realistic that is given the current set of technologies that we've got in the industry and where do you think that this spec will eventually settle out at?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think it's too early to tell. Again, we've seen this type of thing before. Everyone agrees, they're really serious about it. But, again, we think we have a better starting point than a lot of people have. So, I know there's been a lot of things in the press, people talking about how this has impacted them more negatively than it has us. But, one, again, we're just starting by a better place. We've invested a lot in our facilities over recent years to make them more efficient to produce a high-quality pack to reduce residual. And so we're going to continue to work on it like everybody else and it'll level out at some point, but I think it's too early to tell where they'll really end up. At the end of the day, they need fiber and packaging demand isn't going to go down in my mind. It's not going to go down on my household, I'm pretty sure. So, we think we're going to be in a good place when it all shakes out.
Brian Maguire: And have you seen any pickup in export orders yet? I think we've been hearing kind of maybe that some of the import licenses for 2018 will be granted maybe later this month, but just wondered if there's any people who have some licenses leftover that they're using now or any pickup just in the last couple of weeks there?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So for us, we have never had an interruption in shipping, right. So we don't warehouse our inventory material. We don't play the market. We consistently flow material out of our facilities, ship it regularly, we've never had a back up, we haven't landfilled any material. I know people have reported they have had to, we have not. So, we haven't seen any interruption in the flow of the business. So the rate structure is a little different story, but we've seen no interruption in that, as I said in my comments we've had longstanding relationships with good reputable partners across the globe. Again we ship a fair amount of our material domestically, even though we understand it's a global market. But China, now India, South Korea and then the list goes on. So we've got a lot of outlets and we've got a lot of great partners. And as it settles down I think we'll be in a good place.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just one last one for me. Can you -
Donald W. Slager: I would back up by this, willingness to pay for recycling in the U.S. is on the increase. So we continue to report for instance in our open market business  our open market recycling customers are paying 90% of the rates they pay for solid waste because they're willing to pay. And so, we need to take that same approach across our residential business, across our franchise business. The customers are saying they're willing to pay for it and they are. And because they value the idea of recycling and sustainability. And their viewpoint is simply if I'm going to carry it out to the curve, I'm okay paying garbage prices, I just want you to do something positive with it, right. So and I want you to prove to me that you do. And that's what we're doing and it's working. So it's been very effective in the open market. Now, we've got to get busy moving it into some of these longer term contracts. But the consumerism of recycling is on the upswing and that's where people have to understand.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks for those comments. Just one last one. I can't remember if you said anything in the prepared remarks, if you did I apologize, but any expected benefit in the fourth quarter or 2018 from some of the hurricane cleanup activities?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, as we said we got about a penny negative from total hurricane net-net in Q3. We're going to have kind of flat impact in Q4, and then we'll get that trickled in benefit into next year. So, think about it, three different hurricanes were, you know enough about what happened in Houston, but we've got a lot of landfill space in Houston, so we're going to benefit there on the landfill side, and then to the construction material that comes through Puerto Rico is a similar story, although there's much more devastation, but we're well positioned there with landfills. We've got a great workforce in Puerto Rico. The people there got back to work within seven or days to nine days of the hurricane. So, we're one of the first ones to get back to work and landfills are in good shape. So, where we have landfills, we'll get some benefit as we go through time. And then, the Florida hurricane really hit for the most part of the Keys, and Marco Island, Naples and we're just kind of in that market. So, we just maybe lost one day of work in the process, and not a lot of benefit there. So anyways, well it'll just trickle in as they rebuild, and we're heavily situated prepared in the market with great assets and great people and we'll get our fair share of that business.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Buscaglia with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hey, guys, just a couple of quick ones, most of the good ones are taken. So, if you could comment, I don't know if you had said this, but does your 2018 preliminary guide contemplate any buyback. I guess it is too many any in there.
Charles F. Serianni: For the share repurchase, Andrew? Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Yeah. Yeah.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Yeah, it does. It does contemplate the buyback. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. So can you comment how much are -
Donald W. Slager: Well -
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. We won't give you. Yeah. We won't give you that. We don't have that detail right now, we'll give it to you in February. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thought so. And then just on the January of 2018 when you announced those organizational layer and resource center changes exactly, which line items do those would be model those into. I mean, is it just SG&A?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It is in SG&A, that's correct. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. All of those. Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. That's all I need to know. Thanks.
Charles F. Serianni: Okay.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Alison. To conclude, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance, and we are well positioned to achieve our full-year 2017 earnings and free cash flow guidance. We will continue to manage with the business to create long-term shareholder value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, their commitment, and their dedication to operational excellence, and creating the Republic way. Thank you everybody for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and have a great and safe weekend.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter 2017 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 27, 2017. Please note this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. We built upon our strong start to the year and delivered another solid quarter. We achieved higher levels of pricing and volume growth, made continued progress on our multi-year initiatives and reported double-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow. We continue to see positive momentum in our business from the successful execution of our strategy and improvement in the fundamentals that impact our business, which was the premise for our 2017 business plan. Highlights of the quarter include adjusted EPS was $0.61, an 11% increase over the prior year. EPS was positively impacted by strong growth in both price and volume and higher recycled commodity prices. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $358 million and in line with our expectations. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow per share was $1.05, an increase of approximately 8% over the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA increased $42 million or 6% over the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 28%. Total revenue grew 7.5%, our highest level in over eight years. Core price was 4.1%. Average yield was 2.5% and was strongest in our small container and large container businesses. Majority of these customers are in open markets, where we can leverage increases in demand for service, our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. In our small container business, average yield was 4.2%, our highest level of pricing in over seven years. Second quarter volumes increased 1.9%. The volume growth was broad based and was strongest in the event-driven portion of our disposal business. Year-to-date, we've invested $91 million in tuck-in acquisitions, which will improve our operating density and further strengthen our market positions. As part of our efficient capital allocation strategy, we have returned $454 million of cash to our shareholders since the beginning of the year. This included 3.8 million shares repurchased for approximately $237 million. Additionally, our board approved an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend. This is consistent with our historical practice of raising the dividend in the mid to high single-digit range. The annualized dividend is now $1.38 per share. Regarding our revenue enhancing initiatives, we now have approximately $440 million in annual revenue that uses a waste-related index or fixed-rate increase of 3% or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more clearly aligned with our cost structure and have historically run higher than CPI. Regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost savings initiatives, 19% of our fleet now operates on compressed natural gas, 75% of our residential fleet is automated and our entire fleet is now certified under our OneFleet maintenance program. As a result of our standardized maintenance program, we have seen an improvement in cost per engine hour, greater fleet reliability, fewer unscheduled repairs and lower technician turnover. Additionally, we are in the process of extending the useful life of our fleet by one year, which will save us $200 million in capital expenditures. We've already realized over $100 million of savings and expect the remaining savings in the next two to three years. Finally, I'd like to give you an update on the talent pillar of our strategy. We believe that an engaged, empowered and diverse team is another way we differentiate ourselves. We've been steadily building on our employee engagement and diversity and inclusion programs over the last several years in an effort to make Republic Services an employer of choice, one where the best people come to work. This year, we were named to the named to the Forbes 2017 America's Best Employers list and the Ethisphere World's Most Ethical Companies list. And most recently, we received the Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award. The Forbes and Glassdoor awards are specially meaningful and that our employees from across the country are the ones who voted to put Republic on these lists. It is through our employees' collective voices that Republic's culture and company story is being shared and the true litmus test of the impact we are making here at Republic. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Second quarter revenue was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $176 million or 7.5% over the prior year This 7.5% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 7.2% and acquisitions of 30 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows: First, average yield increased 2.5%. Average yield in the collection business was 3.1%, which included 4.2% yield in the small container business, 3% yield in the large container business and 1.9% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 80 basis points, which included landfill MSW of 1.8%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.3% in the open market and 2.2% in the restricted portion of our business. Pricing in the restricted portion of our business benefited from an improved inflationary environment and our focus on earning an appropriate return on our contracts as they renew. The second component of internal growth is total volume, which increased 1.9% over the prior year. Volumes in the collection business increased 40 basis points. This included a 1.9% increase in our large container business and a 50 basis point increase in our residential business, partially offset by a 90 basis point decrease in our small container business. Small container volumes included a 140 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have increased 50 basis points. Within our large container business, temporary C&D hauls were up 1.7% and recurring hauls were up 1.9%. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 8.7%. Landfill volumes increased 8.4% which included C&D of 17.5%, special waste of 15% and MSW of 1.1%. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 60 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.55 in the second quarter from $2.30 in the prior year, an increase of 11%. The current average diesel price is $2.51 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 70 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin where we are well positioned. And the final component of internal growth is commodity revenue, which increased 1.5%. The growth in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to increase in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 35% to $157 per ton in the second quarter from $116 per ton in the prior year. The average commodity price in June was approximately $160 per ton. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased 49% primarily due to an increase in rebates. Now, I'll discuss changes in margin. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28%, which compares to 28.3% in the prior year. The change includes a 40 basis point increase in landfill operating costs. As discussed in the first quarter, we continued to see higher costs associated with the change in operating requirements at one of our sites. We also saw an increase in leachate volumes at a handful of our sites. These costs are temporary in nature and we expect the higher landfill operating costs to abate over the next few quarters. Excluding the increase in landfill operating costs, we had 10 basis points of margin expansion from strong pricing and volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Second quarter 2017 interest was $90 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 39.1%. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the remainder of the year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $358 million, which represents 6% growth over the prior year. We remain comfortable with our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of $875 million to $900 million, which represents double-digit growth over the prior year, after adjusting for the change in cash taxes. Now I'll turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, strong fundamentals, together with solid operational execution, resulted in 7.5% top line growth and double-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow. Given our solid performance in the first half of the year, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance range. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $2.36 to $2.39, which is an increase from our original guidance range of $2.32 to $2.36. At this time, operator, we'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question will come from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hi. Good afternoon and thank you so much for taking the questions. Congrats on the strong quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Noah.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Noah Kaye: Thank you, thank you. MSW volumes, just to start out, kind of a little bit lagging as it has for several quarters now kind of the growth in some of these other categories, C&D, special was very strong obviously this quarter. Can you just (15:22) how to think about the trajectory of MSW going forward with the course of the rest of the year? Is this kind of potentially growing at a lag to some of these other categories given your footprint in some higher growth areas of the country? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: We'll think about this, right. We've always said that we're in a slow growth business, right, depends on population growth, housing formation and that those dynamics are all pretty consistent and strong. We're still only at a sort of 1.2 million of household formation, there is room to grow as that gets back to some kind of a new norm. And remember, as we talked about some of the volume impact is due to some of the loss in the broker business, which is an intentional strategic decision, right. So we've seen very broad-based recovery, very broad-based volume across the entire book of business. So, we feel pretty good about it and again we just raised our guidance, thinking, saying that the first half performers is going to continue through the second half of the year.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And just thinking about the puts and takes of free cash flow for the rest of the year and maybe just focusing on the CapEx, how should we think about kind of the pace of CapEx spend over the course of the rest of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, so far we spent about 53% of our CapEx first half of the year. As we look at over the rest of the year, obviously we had very strong volume growth first half of the year and therefore because of that we may need to increase our capital spending to fund that growth. And that's why we haven't changed our free cash flow guidance.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Got it. And if I could just sneak one more in, obviously COGS went up significantly resulting from the recycling rebates. Can you just tell us, to what extent was recycling incremental or decremental to EBITDA margins in the quarter?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It was obviously accretive to the margins, but keep in mind that when you're talking about the COGS that 20% of the tons that we handled are brokered by us. So, if you actually exclude those volumes and those brokered volumes, then our sale of materials and our COGS went up by a similar rate of approximately 30%.
Noah Kaye: That's extremely helpful. Thanks so much.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Corey Greendale with First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Ken C. Wang: Thank you. This is Ken Wang on for Corey. Congratulations on the quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks. How are you doing, Ken?
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Ken.
Ken C. Wang: Doing well. Just wondering whether you can comment on the M&A environment and specifically any change in the quality of opportunities you're seeing and what is your view of recent multiples.
Donald W. Slager: Well, as we reported, we spent $91 million in the first half of the year. We started the goal with a $100 million spend kind of a  in our site. So we'll easily hit the $100 million target for the year. I would say the pipeline is full. As far as what we're spending on deals, it's still pretty consistent with our historical sort of 4.5 times to 5 times EBITDA post synergy. So as you know, this gets a little lumpy occasionally a bigger deal comes along, it's a lot of work to close a lot of smaller deals, but we feel good about the trajectory. So we're  again that's part of the guidance raised for the second half of the year.
Ken C. Wang: Thank you. And any thoughts on China's recent announcements that it will ban imports of certain waste materials like scrap plastics, do you think this will have any effect on Republic?
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, I don't have a crystal ball, but here is what I'll tell you. This is not the first time we've seen this kind of thing from China. We've been through this a number of times in our past. So we have a very high quality pack that we make whether it's fiber or plastics. We've never had an issue with quality rejection in our history. So even in times when supply and demand kind of shifts, we've never had a slowdown on shipping our material, so we've got a really good track record. And then, the fact is not all of our sub goes to China, right. So really only what about 35% goes to China and there is a lot more domestic capacity than people realize and a great deal of our fiber, specifically, still remains domestic. And most of that China business is going from the West Coast ports and again those West Coast (20:00) that we operate have a very strong track record in quality.
Ken C. Wang: Thanks for the color and congratulations again.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Thanks so much. I know you don't provide specific guidance beyond free cash flow and adjusted EPS, but I'm just curious, with the increase in your adjusted EPS guidance, where is that coming from? Is it more from a revenue perspective, more from a margin perspective, a mix, any color would be great?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So obviously, we posted a very strong revenue first half of the year, so that's where that EPS guidance increase is coming from and then that's been partially offset and what I talked about earlier about the temporary increase that we're seeing in our landfill operating costs, so it's the net of those two.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: In terms of that temporary increase in the landfill operating costs, when do you expect that to go away? Is that something we'll see over the course of this year or is that something more over the course of the next year or so?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, we say over the next few quarters, most of that's going to take place this year.
Jeffrey Marc Silber: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe G. Box: Hey guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Joe.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Joe.
Joe G. Box: So I just wanted to dig into the margin profile a little bit. Obviously, when the year started, you guys provided some commentary and I get that things have certainly changed. But you laid out 28.5% to 28.7% EBITDA margins for 2017. I certainly respect that recycling is flowed through at a lower rate here, but any commentary on how we should think about what's inherently baked into the guide for EBITDA margin in the back half of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So when we look at the back half of the year, obviously we're expecting expansion in the margins and that's really coming from the strong revenue. At the same time, as I had talked about before though, these landfill costs are going to slowly abate. So, we're going to have that headwind associated with also. So as we're looking at the margin, it's kind of longer term. We're thinking that we're going to be flat for the year. But if you take out the landfill operating costs, then that would get us right back to the 30 or 40 basis points of expansion that we had anticipated.
Joe G. Box: And then, changing gears, on the SG&A front, obviously the salary component was up about 12%. Can you just help us understand how the incentive comp flows through for the rest of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, in terms of the incentive comp, keep in mind that we had an adjustment last year to incentive compensation that didn't repeat this year. And so obviously, our incentive is currently at levels that are consistent with our guidance for the rest of the year.
Joe G. Box: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Noah (sic) [Joe].
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Feniger: Hey, guys. Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. On the first part, on the margin, I think I heard you say there was a 10 basis points expansion from strong pricing and volume growth when we take out the higher costs from the landfills. That still feels pretty low with what you're seeing at energy services and the volumes that are coming through. Is that something typical? The 10 basis points, is that typical at this point of the cycle and how should we think about the mix of the business as volumes are starting to grow and it's becoming a little bit more broad-based?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. This is Don. When  I'll let you think about that Chuck. I don't know that there is typical, right, when you think and you said it, what about the mix, right? So there is geographic mix, there is line of business mix. You start digging through some of that. There is this difference between rising fuel cost net. There is the net between sale of goods and cost of goods. So those things impact the margins, right. So, I don't think there is any typical. We're very confident in the business. Look at the $42 million of additional EBITDA we generated in the quarter year-over-year and we're still confident we're going to raise the margin. We're still internally focused on pushing the margins to 30%. But we're here to run the business for the long term and that's how we roll. So when it comes to dealing with some of these temporary costs, we're going to take them head on. We're going to deal with it. We got to get it behind us. So, again I don't know that there is a typical answer. I don't think we can just frame it that easily.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I think you should just drop the mic at that point and we'll walk away.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. There you go, Chuck.
Michael J. Feniger: And then just my second question. When you think about the volumes, how did that look through the quarter and how is it shaping up so far in July?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think volumes are good. I mean, we're talking about 2% almost volume growth, right. And again in the best of times, 2.5% is a strong performance. So, we're bouncing off a 2% and that is including the broker business that we've chosen to move away from. So the team feels good about where we're at, about the trends going into Q3 and again we raised the guidance, which would indicate the confidence.
Michael J. Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: How are you?
Charles F. Serianni: Hey Brian.
Brian Maguire: Your average yield was really impressive, up 2.5%, and I think if I remember comments from earlier, you expected it to maybe accelerate in the back half of the year as some of the CPI uptick that we saw a couple of months back starts to kick in. Is that still the expectation that we would see that start to accelerate in the back half of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what happened is that we actually saw some of that acceleration in Q2 and that's why we're able to post a restricted price of 2.2%. So those resets have already started to happen. In addition to that, as I had mentioned before, we were able to actually renegotiate some of our contracts on favorable terms, those restricted contracts. So we've got that coming through under restricted price also. So as we look out for the rest of the year, we think that that restricted price and yield in general is going to be pretty much flat to where it was in Q2.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then, just a modeling one on 3Q. I think there is one fewer work day, maybe you can confirm that. And if so, what kind of an impact on margins or volume might you expect from that?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So there is one less work day and obviously that work day is included in our guidance.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Hamzah Mazari from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just on technology, maybe for Don. Where do you see the largest opportunity in your system? Is it on the customer side? Is it the route side? Is it the asset side? And sort of where are you guys in that process, early innings, mid-innings?
Donald W. Slager: So I would say both customer and route side. So we're, I think, in early innings of both. Certainly we use computer software to route our trucks today. There is better software out there. We're looking at expanding our digital capability into cab, so that our drivers' day becomes easier, so we can communicate more effectively with the driver. So we can bring, build some more productivity into system with digital, what we call digital operations. There is obviously work to be done to still connect the cab to the customer and our digital platform. You've seen some of the work we've done with our app in our My Resource application. So more and more customers are signing up to do business with us digitally, so that's a good thing. So we're going to continue to move down that road and be  and we want to be the provider of choice with our customers and make it easy to do business with us. And again we wanted to try to find additional ways to build in some productivity with our driver base and if we can connect the drivers with the customers that's even a better thing. As far as assets, we watch what happens in the marketplace, so we've got our fleet team, they are very much involved in the dialogue around what's going on with vehicles and all this talk of autonomy and so forth. But  so we'll be involved in the conversation, but I think that's something that kind of a premature, it's going to be a ways out there. I think there's going to be a lot of other industries who get automated and fully automated before the waste business does. But we are looking for ways to improve some parts of it, while we still have an operator in the cab. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. And then just last question. I'll turn it over, maybe for Chuck. Maybe just longer term, how should investors think about your operating leverage framework? What I mean by that is longer term on 7.5% revenue growth, what should margins be up assuming, mix gets better, assuming some of these temporary costs go away, just maybe frame for investors how that operating leverage framework works. I realize Q2 is a little  there's some abnormalcies that I'm asking that, so?
Charles F. Serianni: Right. And what we had talked, obviously the revenue growth has been very, very strong and commodities has been strong also. If you were to pull there  as I said, if you were to pull out these one-time landfill costs we'd have achieved kind of the high end of our guidance range in terms of our EBITDA margin growth year-over-year. As we look out into the future as these costs abate, there is still nothing structural that we see that'll keep us from getting back to 30% EBITDA margins that we had talked about, so that still demonstrates the leverage that we expect from this business. The other thing I would say also Hamzah is that it's not just the EBITDA that we're focusing on, it's also the cash flow. And I had a very wise man telling me one time that you can't spend EBITDA and we are focusing on the cash. And keep in mind that the cash flow guidance that we gave this year is double-digit when you adjust for cash taxes. So that's a very key metric for us also. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Right. That's helpful. That makes sense. Just a clarification question on, did you guys have CNG tax credits that went away or was that impactful at all or not material?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It was impactful. Those credits went away this year, so we did not have those credits this year. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Buscaglia from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hey, guys.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Andrew.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Andrew. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Just a quick one on your  on that  those higher costs that are impacting your margins. Why would that costs go away eventually that  can you just give us some confidence or how to think about that, that that's not going to dampen these margins just beyond three quarters or four quarters whatever you said, Chuck?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. This is Don. So, we've got a handful of sites, landfill sites that have some increased leachate volumes that we're handling that's part of it. Based on what we know about how those landfills operate, we think those will abate. We had some unbudgeted heavy equipment repairs that rather than fool around with, we just decided to continue to run the business, right? So, again, some of these costs are lumpy, but we're confident based on our analysis of the business and our local operating teams' ability to run the sites that these things will abate over the next few quarters. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. And then are there any contracts that you might have picked up recently that have higher costs associated with them? I mean, I know it sounds like it's on the landfill side, but could there be anything there?
Donald W. Slager: No.
Charles F. Serianni: No, there's really no cost that we have that are impacting those landfill operating costs that Don had talked about.
Donald W. Slager: But again, when we think about where the volume grows back to mix, right, so we had 9.5% growth in our transfer station revenues, right? Transfer stations are generally viewed as kind of an extended gate of the landfill. We don't run a very  a super high operating margin or EBITDA margin on our transfer stations. Even though again they are profit centers, they don't run as high of a margin. So, as I said, mix matters, geographic mix and line of business mix and some of these other puts and takes, so it's not quite as clean as you'd like to think. The good news, right, and the underlying thing that everyone used to remember is, it's broad-based recovery, it's across all lines, it's across all areas of the business, $42 million of additional EBITDA, and as you know we run the business for the long-term, we've raised guidance, we're confident of free cash flow, raised our dividend. I'm popped. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Sounds like it. All right. Thanks guys.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Don, so nice job on the labor line, I think it fell maybe 50 basis points. But I'm curious can you talk a little bit about frontline driver availability? Are you guys seeing any outsized unit cost inflation there difficulty in procuring drivers?
Donald W. Slager: No, in fact our driver turnover year-over-year is down Tyler. And I talked in my prepared remarks about the talent pillar of our agenda, right, of our strategy. We are very, very serious about becoming The Best Place to Work, where the best people come to work and we talk about how excited we are to receive the awards from Forbes and Glassdoor. Those are our real employees telling third-parties that they like working for us, right. Our employee engagement scores are up year-over-year, all the things we do to genuinely make Republic a better place to be. Technician turnover is down, part of that is OneFleet, part of that is the overall engagement strategy. So, look, we've got some markets that have an incredibly low turnover. We got a few that we still need to work through, but overall net of net, we're pretty happy about where we're at, especially in a time when construction jobs are still growing, we'll hold onto our people. So, we feel pretty good about it.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Yeah, okay.
Donald W. Slager: And by the way maintenance costs looked pretty good this quarter too, huh Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: I saw that. I did have a question on that.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, shoot.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Yeah, I'll stick with maintenance. So I think you posted 9.3% it's, which is, it's down year-over-year, but it's still maybe 100 basis points above where it was maybe a couple of years ago. So now that we're kind of through the OneFleet rollout, how should we think about that line over the next couple of years?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, here's the reality, right. So, we still have quite a few trucks that lived well over the first half of their life in a non-OneFleet environment, and they weren't maintained maybe the way they should have been and those trucks are going to have a higher operating cost than they should have, if they had been maintained under our OneFleet umbrella. So, over time as we continue to introduce 1,000 new vehicles a year to the fleet, and these 1,000 trucks roll off that were under maintained or neglected in some cases, we're going to see an improvement, right. So, we're also going to continue to see fleet reliability and all the other stuff that comes from that as well, right. So, it's going to continue to benefit us and of course, there is also the CapEx savings that we'll see over time. And once we get through some of that, we're going to really put a finer point on this efficient frontier fleet and we maybe even able to age the fleet a little more at some point, right.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay, good. And then, Chuck, so if I look at it, it feels like back half margins need to be maybe 100 basis points better than the first half, which is very rough math. I get that the landfill operating cost of maybe 40 basis points will fall off. But what's the other 60 basis points? Is that just leverage or are there some other pieces there that we should think about?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, obviously there is leverage there that we had talked about. We expect that we're going to continue to be able grow that top line like we have. You've got the work day in Q3 which is a benefit for us also. So, it's a combination of all those factors.
Donald W. Slager: Chuck and I are still going to come to work on that day.
Charles F. Serianni: On that one  we are?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. We're still going to come to work.
Charles F. Serianni: Okay.
Donald W. Slager: Not one less work day for you Chuck.
Charles F. Serianni: Okay. All right.
Patrick Tyler Brown: All right. Well, all right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thanks, Don, Chuck, Nicole, for taking my questions.
Donald W. Slager: It's nice to hear from you Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: You too. Look forward to traveling next week. So, on the capital spending side, where do you think the budget which is $975 million  I'm not sure why somebody said there weren't a whole lot of details on your guidance there. You've got a whole page of them in your 4Q press release. But you had $975 million of property and equipment net of proceeds. Where do you think that number goes?
Charles F. Serianni: Like I said, Michael, it could go up a little bit because of the volume growth. Little bit could go up by $5 million, $10 million, maybe in that range.
Michael E. Hoffman: So, $5 million, $10 million is the way to think about it? Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, somewhere in that range.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then you did $130 million-some in recycling in this quarter and if 20% of it's brokered and the other 80% isn't and you kind of assign a 5% margins to the brokered piece and a 20% margin to the non-brokered piece, and then you pull it out, your garbage business is doing like 28.6% margins. So, net of  it means so there is marginal leverage here, there is operating leverage here.
Charles F. Serianni: Absolutely, absolutely.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: There is Michael, and it goes back to what we had said before, is that if you pull out, just pull out the landfill operating costs, you've got 10 basis points of margin expansion during the quarter. And if you do that for the entire year, you've got 30 to 40 basis points of margin expansion. That's right on top of the guidance that we had given.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: So, yeah, the leverage is there.
Michael E. Hoffman: What's the cash hit for the incremental, because here's the other problem is that theoretically your cash should maybe show a little more oomph than it is. But this 40 basis points is cash, so what's the cash hit from that 40 basis points? Because really the guidance, you're at $875 million to $900 million, I get to add on free cash flow. I get to add that back too.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. I mean, Michael, you can do the math. You can take the $2.5 billion of revenue times the 40 basis points in the quarter that we called out, 30 basis points in Q1. And that's all cash expense that's offsetting the strong revenue growth in the quarter.
Michael E. Hoffman: And I should basically assume it's 40 basis points for the whole year on roughly $9 billion of revenues?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, 30 to 40, right.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So ex that what you think is non-recurring over time, even if I cut it in half, my free cash  the baseline free cash that is coming going into 2018 is north of $900 million nicely?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. I mean, with the leverage  with the  the top line growth that we have right now that's true, right.
Charles F. Serianni: So, again, we talk about several times on the call, right, mix matters, right. And we are confident that the margins are expanding within the business, we got some of these highlights like recycling and fuel and some of the things that just net things out, but business is strong, the growth is good, pricing is good, operating team's doing a great job. We've got a couple of sort of near-term temporary and unusual things to take care of and then we should really I think end the year strong and move nicely into 2018.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. So just finite detail around the sales since you gave a 4.5% to 5% growth rate in February, clearly we're doing better than that. The 2Q price hold that for the remainder of the year, the one  the 2Q volume hold that for the rest of the year too?
Donald W. Slager: No. Right now, we're saying that we're going to be at the high-end of the range on the volume growth.
Michael E. Hoffman: You are already through that.
Charles F. Serianni: Well, you remember, you have seasonality.
Donald W. Slager: And you've got some special waste volumes also, the special waste volumes like I had talked about and the C&D volumes both really high in the second quarter.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. And those are seasonal for sure.
Michael E. Hoffman: 3Q though should be a good special waste quarter typically because it's the best.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, yes.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah, okay.
Donald W. Slager: Q3 is generally speaking our best quarter seasonally.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right.
Donald W. Slager: And so there's...
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you Michael.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Allison. In closing, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term shareholder value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating a Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and put that cell phone down when you get behind that wheel.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services First Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nicole Giandinoto, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Nicole Giandinoto (Koziol): Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter 2017 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss in today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 27, 2017. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which were in line with our expectations and keep us on track to achieve our full-year financial guidance. We continue to realize the benefits of executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation, which is designed to profitably grow our business, generate consistent earnings and free cash flow growth and improve return on invested capital. For the first quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.55 and adjusted free cash flow was $240 million, both representing double-digit growth over the prior year. EBITDA margin was 27.4%. Core price was 4.1%, our highest level in over five years. Average yield was 2.3% and was strongest in our small container and large container businesses. The majority of these customers are in open markets, where we can leverage increases in demand for service, our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. In our small container business, average yield was 3.8%, our highest level of pricing in over seven years. First quarter volumes increased 1%. Volume growth was in line with our expectations and was broad-based across the majority of our markets. Volumes continued to be strong in the event-driven portion of our business, which tends to be a leading indicator for future volume growth. And as expected, residential volumes turned positive as we anniversary the impact of contracts not renewed. During the quarter, we invested $55 million in tuck-in acquisitions. And we returned $218 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This included 1.8 million shares repurchased for approximately $110 million. Regarding our revenue enhancing initiatives, we are now approximately have $425 million in annual revenue that uses a waste-related index or a fixed-rate increase of 3% or greater for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have historically run higher than CPI. Regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost savings initiatives, 18% of our fleet now operates on compressed natural gas, 75% of our residential fleet is currently automated and 96% of our total fleet has now been certified under our OneFleet maintenance program. The entire fleet will be certified by the end of the second quarter. Before turning the call over to Chuck, I would like to congratulate the Republic team for being recognized by Ethisphere as one of the world's most ethical companies. Our commitment to fostering a strong ethical culture, conducting our business with the highest levels of integrity and developing sustainable practices to enhance long-term value creation enabled us to be named to this elite list. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck to discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. First quarter revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $144 million or 6.4% over the prior year. This 6.4% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 6.2% and acquisitions of 20 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.3%, average yield in the collection business was 2.9%, which includes 3.8% yield in the small container business, 2.8% yield in the large container business and 1.8% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 70 basis points, which includes landfill MSW of 1.9%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.5% in the open market and 1.9% in the restricted portion of our business. The second component of internal growth is total volume, which increased 1% over the prior year. Volumes increased 1.8% in our large container business and 30 basis points in our residential business. As expected, volumes decreased 70 basis points in our small container business. Small container volumes included a 130-basis-point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have increased 60 basis points. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 3.5%. Landfill volume increased 2.8%, which included C&D of 17.1% and special waste of 1.1%. MSW volumes were flat versus the prior year. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 40 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.57 in the first quarter from $2.08 in the prior year, an increase of 24%. The current average diesel price is $2.50 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue increased 40 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity. And the final component of internal growth is commodity revenue, which increased 2.1%. The growth in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to an increase in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 61% to $162 per ton in the first quarter from $101 per ton in the prior year. The current average commodity price is approximately $155 per ton. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased 49% due to an increase in rebates resulting from higher recycled commodity prices. Now I will discuss changes in margin. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.4%, which compares to 27.8% in the prior year. This change includes a 30-basis-point increase in landfill operating costs, primarily due to temporary costs associated with new operating requirements at one of our landfills. These costs were anticipated and should be completed by the end of the second quarter, and a 20-basis-point margin decline or $0.01 of EPS from heavy rains on the West Coast. In certain markets, we had to close some of our facilities for several days, which resulted in lower volumes and higher transportation and disposal costs. Excluding these temporary cost increases, we had margin expansion in the quarter due to strong pricing and volume growth, which demonstrates the operating leverage in our business. It should be noted that the margin benefit from higher recycled commodity prices was offset by the change in net fuel. SG&A costs were 10.6% of revenue and in line with our expectations. These costs improved 10 basis points compared to the prior year. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. First quarter 2017 interest expense was $89 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 36.2%, resulting in $0.03 of EPS benefit relative to our expectations. The lower tax rate resulted from tax accounting for equity compensation. We expect to be at an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the reminder of the year. First quarter adjusted free cash flow was $240 million, an increase of 50% versus the prior year. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter based upon the timing of working capital and capital expenditures. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, strong fundamentals, together with solid operational execution, resulted in 6% top line growth and double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. As anticipated, the current economic environment continues to be favorable for the business, and we're on track to achieve our full-year goals. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time, operator, we'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from Brian Maguire at Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Nice pickup from the trend you had been on the last couple of quarters up 1%, but it was a little bit lower than some of the peers. I think you talked about some of the business you shed at the small container commercial. I just wondered if you could maybe give us a sense of what the volumes would have been without that, and maybe more of a cleaner number then, and when we would expect to anniversary some of that activity.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, couple of things on that. The first thing is that the weather did have an impact on our MSW volumes coming into our landfill. So, we posted, as I said, flat volume growth on MSW, but if you take into consideration of weather that volume growth would have been closer to 1.4%. So, overall, I think that the impact of weather and maybe some contracts that we shed may have had a 30-basis-point-or-so impact on our overall volume growth.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. And let me add to that. On the small container business specifically, that's just a strategic decision that we've made to not continue to do business with brokers and that broker volume to us that loss is non-regrettable. Our perspective is that brokers don't add any real value to customers. Customers should be doing business with us directly. A strategic decision we've made, and we've been shedding some of that business now for several quarters. We got little ways to go. But otherwise, if you subtract that, to your point, Brian, the underlying economic growth is strong. We're getting good price and getting our fair share growth in the business.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Great. As a follow-up, the margins were a little bit lower than what we were expecting. It sounds like maybe a little bit lower than what you're expecting too is some of the rains and landfill cost that you had there. Just wondering if you expect any of that to carry through into 2Q or if you think those costs were kind of episodic just to the period.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, the cost that we talked about really related to Q1, especially as it relates to the heavy rains. We're still optimistic of regarding the margin expansion this year. If we look at kind of expectations for the rest of the year, keep in mind that net queue, although there was a headwind for us in Q1 that's going to be a tailwind for us starting in Q2. We do get the step up in CPI as we had talked about that's effective in the second half of the year. And we're going to continue to see benefits from our OneFleet maintenance program, which will be fully rolled out in July 1 of this year. So, we feel optimistic in terms of being able to achieve expansion in EBITDA margins this year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Feniger at Bank of America.
Michael J. Feniger: Hey, guys. Yeah. Thanks for...
Donald W. Slager: Hello, Mike.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Mike.
Michael J. Feniger: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. On the guide for the margin, it's good that you still expect margin expansion, but are we still sticking in that 20 to 40-basis-point range for the year?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, we are. I mean, that's still what we're looking at for this year. Remember, the headwinds, we knew that the margin expansion would be more a back-half loaded just because of the fuel and because of some of the other costs that we're looking at the frontend of the year. And also keep in mind that CPI price increase that we get together with the OneFleet maintenance program, so we knew that it would be back-half loaded. So, right now, Mike, we're right on track.
Michael J. Feniger: That's great.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We've got these temporary landfill operating costs that Chuck spoke of, look we don't like these weather as an excuse, in general, we don't, but when you got landfills that close for several days at a time and we had a couple facilities in the western part of the U.S. that didn't pull trucks out for five, six days that really does impact your overall operations. So, these are just couple of basis points. We're going to get back to it. And again, these other tailwinds that Chuck described are real, and that's going to come through in the second half.
Michael J. Feniger: That's great. And just to think about the mix of the business, I'm just curious you're seeing energy services up, recycling prices have been higher. Does the profitability on the waste mix, does it start to move more to being margin accretive, and do you expect that to show up in the back half?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, we saw some of that, right, Mike, in the first quarter. Right? So, the extent that we had more revenue coming in from our E&P business and our revenue coming in from commodities, we saw some of that actually in Q1. And you strip away the noise that we had in terms of the landfill operating costs and the heavy rains, you actually saw the margin expansion, partly due, to your point, to the mix of business.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And right. We're seeing growth now across all lines of business. Right? We saw growth in residential. We saw growth in small container, net of the broker loss, so on and so forth. So, we're seeing a broader based recovery. And again, we're seeing in all geographies. So, the macro is in good shape. The momentum is there in the business.
Michael J. Feniger: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Hamzah Mazari at Macquarie. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just around how much capacity do you guys have in the current demand environment? What I mean by that is, one of your competitors had said that they began adding routes in many markets in the nation on the commercial side for the first time since their downturn. And you referenced your business is picking up. Just curious how much capacity you have on the ground. Have you been adding routes already? Just if you could frame that for us, where you guys are at.
Donald W. Slager: We have added some routes, Hamzah, in the few markets. Some markets have little more capacity than others, because they were impacted more deeply by the downturn, but I think it's a mix bag. We're also very, very focused on compliance of hours of service and all those other areas of the business. So, we're employing new route tools as well, and getting more precise in and around our really route standard. So, we're going to continue to pickup productivity in the business while we're also expanding the business. So, there's no one answer that fits every market. Everyone is kind of in a different state on the continuum. But I wouldn't say that we're at capacity across the board. And as you know, small container business that the new stuffs soaking pretty easily so to speak in that business. And that's one of the reasons our tuck-in strategy work so well, because we can very often buy a four, five truck company and take trucks off the street. So that alone speaks to the fact that we've got capacity in the system. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Right. And then you had referenced brokers, do you have a sense of how big brokers are as a percent of the market and has that gone down over time or is that going up? I know Waste Management had bought Oakleaf and that wasn't the great deal, but just a sense of how big is the market for brokers. And clearly, you have some non-regrettable losses that you're still working through and that's strategic and I understand that, but just trying to get a sense of the brokerage business. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: So, I don't think brokers are playing a bigger role in the business. When Oakleaf was sold to Waste Management, we said, hey, someone is going to fill that vacuum, somebody always does. Our position again is that brokers don't really offer any real value or advantage to customers. We believe we should be owning that customer interface directly with all of our capabilities, the breadth of our products and all of our digital tools, the customers will be better served dealing directly with us and not through a broker. So that's the decision we made, we're going to maintain it. We don't see the business going other way or the trends going the other way. Frankly at the same time, we're improving our capabilities for customers around sustainability, around filling their needs about being selling them solutions that they need, giving them the reporting they need. So, some of the things that brokers used to sell above and beyond are things that we can all do ourselves now, and we're not done yet, right. So, our products continue to improve. Our product catalog continues to expand. And so, little by little we think there's less and less need for brokers in the business and the market, and we think that's frankly the trend. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you, Don.
Operator: Next question is from Al Kaschalk at Wedbush Securities.
Al Kaschalk: Good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Al.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Al.
Al Kaschalk: And Nicole.
Nicole Giandinoto (Koziol): Hi, Al.
Al Kaschalk: A little more color on the operating landfill cost. I think it was a 30-basis-point headwind. Is that includes 20 basis points from the heavy rains or is there something else that maybe you can help just articulate further what that occurred in the quarter?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, there is 30 basis points associated with the landfill operating costs. And then, an additional 20 basis points associated with the heavy rains. So, the landfill operating costs really relate to one landfill, and it has to do with intermediate cover and some other enhancements that we're making to start an operating process at that landfill.
Donald W. Slager: And some of those costs we just kind of pulled forward into Q1 from later parts in the year where they were budgeted.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. Is this the Midwest landfill?
Donald W. Slager: No. It's not. This is actually a landfill in California.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. Well, there is a Midwest in the California too. Anyhow, secondly, and this is more, I guess, you have concentrated or invested where you're able to get returns, and it's related to recycling. I think overall, you say there is about a $0.03, $0.04 headwind for a $10-change. You got commodities that have come down here sharply. I guess my point is, I'm just trying to ask from a business and operating prospective, is that the right  your commitment to that business and the impact it has on your operations, correct, as I thought it also had further impact, greater impact one way or the other based on the dollar change (23:56). So, in other words, the contract changes you may have made or processing fees of  are those revisions showing up, and that's why maybe there wasn't as much leverage in the model in the quarter, based on...
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, we've updated the market on the sensitivity as it's changed. It used to be greater than it is, right. So that sensitivity has decreased. Our focus on the business remains. In other words, we've continued to migrate our agreements with customers who deliver material to our facilities in a more fair sort of cost sharing arrangement. So, a good portion of those contracts have already been converted. We're working with municipalities to convert the collection portion of contracts to more  again, a fair cost sharing arrangements, that work is going to continue. And we're going to continue to invest in the recycle business, to your point Al, where it makes sense with the right terms and an equitable contract. And meanwhile, we've still shuttered MRFs at our recycling facilities that didn't return an adequate return on capital, so that's all going to continue. So, we still think it's a good business, where we have good partners, specifically municipal partners who want to be forward-thinking in their sustainability plans, but as you heard me say, you can't have sustainability without profitability. So that's our view. And we think as we continue to work toward fair sharing arrangements that the volatility and the exposure will continue to come down. Having said that, we will also probably be giving up a little bit of the upside along the way, but we will have insulated the business from the volatile downturn. So that's still the right way to run the business we think, but it's going to just happen one step at a time.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. And we're still early on in the process, Al. We've got about 50% of our processing contracts currently converted over to this processing fee, but the majority of the material that we handle right now, we actually collect on behalf of municipalities, those are covered under longer term contracts. So, it's going to take us a little while longer to cycle through those contracts. But we'll continue to keep you updated in terms of the changes and the sensitivity analysis that we do relative to the price of commodities.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And as it relates to the overall price of commodities now, they started out strong at the beginning of the year, they came down in the end of March and now April, but we think frankly they're, for the long-term, for the full year they're still going to be at or slightly above the rate that we guided to.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. And that rate is what?
Charles F. Serianni: $140 per ton.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. And finally just to clean-up, how many cents were benefiting the quarter from recycling?
Charles F. Serianni: So, recycling was actually a $0.01 benefit during the quarter, but at the same time, we had a $0.01 negative associated with fuel, with net fuel. So, if you remember last year, we called out a lag benefit that we received in Q1. So, year-over-year there's actually a $0.01 benefit from fuel. So those two kind of net out.
Al Kaschalk: Right. Thanks a lot guys, and good luck.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Al.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Al.
Operator: The next question is from Sean Egan at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean J. Egan: Hey. Good evening, everyone.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Sean.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Sean.
Sean J. Egan: I just wanted to touch on OneFleet. Now that you guys are almost completely rolled out, can you help us understand maybe what proportion of the benefits that you've seen from the program either through the P&L or the cash flow statement? Just trying to understand the tail after you are fully implemented, if we continue to see benefits for another 6, 12 months as the program matures or if we're kind of through our total savings.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, I'll start out by just emphatically saying that we haven't seen all the benefits from OneFleet yet. Okay. So, let's talk OneFleet from a couple different views. The first being CapEx, one of the benefits of OneFleet is to extend the useful life of the fleet, which means aging the fleet a year, which is a onetime $200 million savings, we're about halfway through that. We'll save yet another $200 million from what we've saved so far, so that'll happen this year. And then there's an ongoing tail, in other words, if you maintain your fleet to now an older age indefinitely, there is a $20 million, $25 million a year savings every year from doing that. So, that's the gift that keeps on giving with OneFleet. That's on the CapEx side. But that's real cash, that's happening, we're seeing that. On the operating side, the goal of OneFleet, right, is to maintain the fleet to be the most safe and efficient reliable fleets you can have. That doesn't mean the youngest fleet, right, it means, maintaining these trucks to high standard throughout their life. So, in the divisions, the business units that have had OneFleet in place the longest, they've seen the greatest benefit in their operating metrics. Fleet availability, engine hour cost and all the other things that we measured, the handful of key metrics we measured in OneFleet. Every one of our divisions has a maintenance dashboard where they follow and closely track their metrics related to OneFleet and our maintenance staff here at the headquarters works with them directly to put extra emphasis on those divisions that need additional health and support. So, we know the things are working. We know the divisions that I've been on the longest have had the best results and the divisions that I just put on last year who're still in the certification process are still working through some of the bumps. So, this is a big, big undertaking. We're still very convinced, it was the right thing to do, and we're seeing the benefits. And now, we're going to really work hard to find an efficient frontier of our fleet, and we're going to start seeing other benefits from having the most reliable fleet in the industry. That's going to start showing up in areas like drive a morale and turnover. In fact, our driver turnover is found year-over-year. Our employee engagement score is up year-over-year. All these other metrics that we measure point positively to some of the things, some of the underlying fundamental things we're doing. So, I could go on and on about OneFleet, but I won't because we only have an hour. So, we're glad we did it. We're almost through the certification process. And then, we'll have some time and capacity to tackle another initiative to be the inflator.
Sean J. Egan: Great. Thank you for all that. And then secondly, I know you alluded to the conversions or the progress that you've made on conversions to a mega water sewer trash index or an alternate to CPI. Can you maybe help us understand the split between collection and disposal within those contracts and maybe kind of give your comments a little towards the disposal side?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I would tell you most of that is collection, right. But, as you know, we don't have a great deal of third-party competitive volume at our landfills, because have consistently raised prices on MSW at our landfill and a lot of that other volume has sort of found other homes. But most of the MSW volume at our landfills that's not coming in on our own trucks, comes from municipalities, and to your point, those volumes are tied to some kind of a CPI escalator. But we are working those just like we're working the other collection contracts, moving to an index that makes sense. And so, I'll say this, most of the more recent conversions have been with the water sewer trash, and/or fixed via 3% to 4%, because we think that's fair and equitable, and we've still been able to sell that to customers as fair and equitable, and we continue to make progress, and we're not giving up. Even though CPI is improving, to Chuck's point earlier, we're going to start to see some benefit from an improved CPI environment, certainly come through at the end of the year. We're going to continue to push to an index that makes sense. And meanwhile, we'll take advantage of an improving CPI environment if that continues for us as well. So, it's a best of all for us.
Sean J. Egan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman at Stifel.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thank you, Nicole, John and Chuck for taking my call.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Michael.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Michael.
Nicole Giandinoto (Koziol): Hi, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: How are you? Let's talk about cash flow. And sort of how do you get from here to there to $900 million, you've got heck of a start, but help us walk through the flows, if you will, to the remainder of the year, given the conditions in recycling E&P and the seasonal trends that could or couldn't happen. How does that all play out to get to the $900 million?
Donald W. Slager: Well, like you said, Michael, I think that we're already off to a very good start. And some of that has to do with the timing of CapEx. That can be a little bit lumpy. But we're seeing very strong operating results, obviously we've got very strong EBITDA and that's manifesting itself in our free cash flow. So, we feel very confident with our guidance that we gave relative to our cash flow for the year.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Great. How are you going to get there? Talk to me about how do you get there.
Charles F. Serianni: I think it's execution with the rest of our plan, right, Michael. So, we said that we would get double-digit growth in earnings, EPS, this year and in free cash flow. And we demonstrated in Q1. We've actually got that in Q1. And so, it's continuing the blocking and tackling. And also it's the tailwinds that I had talked about, right. So, it's the net fuel, it's the CPI, it's the OneFleet, it's all of those coming together, and that's going to produce the cash flow for the year. And like I said, we're confident right now that we're going to be able to hit our guidance.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, Michael, this is Don. You've been around a long time. I mean, that is a complement. You know that it's never about one quarter. And this frankly is a very good quarter. This quarter is right on top of our operating plan, it's right on top the guidance we provided. We've got a lot of momentum in the business. We talk about the best pricing in years, it's not just this quarter that started at the end of last year. We talked about the momentum in volume, shifting deposit volume in all lines of business. That's a trend, it's not just a quarter. We talk about the fact that we're still only at a 1.2 million household starts, and we still haven't hit sort of the 25 to 50-year average. So, there's still growth to come in that business. And we had a couple of things that touches in Q1, a couple of things we didn't expect. So, we make some decisions ourselves to pull some cost forward. That's just running the business, because we don't run the business just for the quarter, and you know that, right. So, we've got ongoing strength in pricing. We've got a great sales force that's pulling their way, and we're getting our fair share of growth. And we're using our pricing tools to get the best customers at the best price. Price per unit for new sales is up. All those things are going to continue, right. We've got improving metrics in areas like safety and turnover and NPS. And of the gazillion metrics that we track many of them are moving in the right direction, right, but it's a game of inches. So, we're going to continue to do those things. We've got as Chuck said, these tailwinds. We've got the net fuel flipping in our favor in the second half. We got CPI coming back. We've got some of these other, what we call, temporary costs of sighting. That's how we get there. It's just good old fashion execution, getting our fair share of the growth, getting better around service delivery, getting better around customer acquisition, getting better around safety and we're going to continue investing in the business. We're not going to get there by taking the CapEx holiday. We're not going to get there by not covering our landfills. We're not going to get there by taking shortcuts. We're going to get there by running the business for the long-term, making the business better and better, and all those things are well on their way. So, we expect to have a solid Q2 and a solid year. We've said, look, we're reaffirming our guidance. And we expect that we're going to achieve toward the higher end of the EPS guidance. And I think there's a lot of confidence in that statement. So, what else do you want to know?
Michael E. Hoffman: So, when I look at it in the data you give us, so you gave us cash flow from ops ranges and then you subtract out your PP&E received plus divestitures. There is a pretty healthy ramp and to get the cash flow from ops number to get to the $900 million. And that has to come with operating leverage. I mean, there's no other way to make that up. I mean, there's not monster working capital savings. So, I think what I was getting after is that, if I get the seasonal trend normal, nothing unusual 2Q, 3Q. Given what you've done with your cost, I should see something in and around $1.86 billion in cash flow from ops. You spend what you're going to spend. There's your $900 million.
Charles F. Serianni: Right, Michael. And just come back down to the operating leverage that you had talked about. That's what's going to drive the free cash flow, that's what's going to drive the margin expansion. Absolutely. That's baked into the numbers and that's what was baked into our guidance.
Michael E. Hoffman: But it's not  you're not doing this through working capital. This is operating leverage to the income statement, I managed to pick a negative working capital and turn it into a source.
Donald W. Slager: That's exactly right.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. We're not taking shortcuts. There's no smoke and mirrors. It's good old fashion run of the business. You got all these benefits of these initiatives layering in, you got the momentum builds. Again, every new unit, every new ton comes in at a higher margin. You got to arrest a few cost along the way. You got to hit your productivity goals, which we have set for the team. Everybody has goals in the organization, right. So all that has to happen, but that should be a phase to do and that's what we see happening in Q1, net of a couple of anomalies and a couple things that we kind of do our-self here. But as I said, the momentum is there, we're reaffirming the guidance, it's really good quarter here. But we don't have our feet up on the table celebrating, as soon as we hang up the phone, we're going to go right back to work.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Fair enough. So, on the landfill side, if my memory serves, a disproportionate amount of your landfill comes on your truck, you don't take that much third-party.
Charles F. Serianni: Well, we take third-party but most of our third-party is MSW tied to municipal, which is price restricted. Right. So...
Michael E. Hoffman: In that third-party, what was the trend there on the year-over-year volume?
Donald W. Slager: Well, are you talking about on the MSW coming in third-party?
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. The MSW was kind of flattish, but then you look at the C&D was very, very strong with 17.1% as I had mentioned. And that's coming off of a 17.8% last year. So, very strong on the advent pieces that were coming into the landfill.
Michael E. Hoffman: So, what I'm trying to get out a little bit is, you had good frontend loader growth volume wise in your own business, but your third-party MSW, which is really residential side loaders, but it's MSW. So it's still the consumer is flat, I'm trying to reconcile that. How many will live with that?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. You keep in mind that those MSW volumes that we had talked about were impacted by the weather. And if you strip that weather out, they were closer to an increase of 1.4%.
Donald W. Slager: But still it's not monster growth, it's not 5%, 6%. So, we generally feel that landfill growth should be fairly consistent, third-party landfill growth should be fairly consistent with the growth that we have in our core hauling business. They tend to flow with each other. And that's our view of the world. Now, the only thing that sort of changes that is, when we're reporting price volume in aggregate, it really is a revenue calculation, right? And so, we get  there's only a little bit of noise when you compare the two based on container weights or a container is 100% full and those kind of things, because as you know as people continue to provide or want more service increases, it takes a while before you actually can convert that to revenue, so there's some of that noise in the system. But we still think it's, on a macro basis, a very broad based recovery. It's not spiking. It's not happening in any big way. It's just happening a little at a time.
Michael E. Hoffman: Yeah. I think the recovery is very metered, because that's the nature of the housing recovery.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah.
Michael E. Hoffman: And what I was trying to get a feel for is, are you seeing a commercial business growth that's a combination of housing driving new business and your existing group business, walking up service intervals. And a corollary to that would be, it's the consumer everywhere. And so, your third-party volume into your landfill, all those numbers, there is a relationship to them.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. I think all of those things are very well balanced and consistent with what we've seen in our business, in our markets, in our collection of assets, historically. At least over the last several quarters, as we've seen a more pronounced recovery from the dark days we've seen in the past. So, I think it's very correlated. Again, other companies that may report may have a different set of assets. Some companies have a bigger landfill concentration. Some companies have businesses north of the border. Some companies have landfills in markets where they're not particularly integrated. We don't have any of that, right. So, we're more of a vertically integrated business across 240 markets. So, our business behaves a certain way. But there's nothing we're seeing in the trend, in the macro that has us worried. We think there's more to come. We think you look at our positive trends in price and volume, they're not just the quarter, but they're sequential, and the same thing is happening within the business. When I talk about operating metrics we track there, they're improving, right. And we're only doing $100 million of tuck-in a year. So, we're not spending $300 million, $400 million, $500 million, $1 billion on acquisitions. So, we look a little different, right. But the business is performing well. And we're talking double-digit free cash flow growth and double-digit EPS growth, Michael. And that's frankly something we hadn't seen in number of years. So, I would say, strong performance for these assets. And again as I said, more to come, because the trends are and the momentum is in the business.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Donald W. Slager: You bet.
Michael E. Hoffman: See you Tuesday.
Donald W. Slager: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Corey Greendale, First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Hey, good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Corey.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Corey.
Corey Greendale: Hey. So, just a couple questions. And apologies if this is treading back over some things you touched on a little bit already, but just to sort of set future expectations. Don, you mentioned on the broker business there's still some more to go. Can you just give us a sense how much of your revenue now consists of work you're doing for brokers?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. I don't know if we've given you the exact number, but I think we'll be through it probably sometime next year. Okay? It'll sort of trickle its way out between now and the end of next year.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And then on the volume point, I totally get different mixes and I understand the weather impact, but I think just to put a finer point on one thing, I think one question we're going to be getting is just sort of the comp between your MSW volume growth and Waste's MSW growth. And I realize you can't really address specifically other companies, but any thoughts on why, because presumably they would have been hit by weather also, why the delta between the kind of flattish for you and the 7%-ish that they got?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. One thing I would point out is that, we're coming off a very hard comp on the MSW side of 4.7%. And I'm not sure what they reported last year, what kind of comp they're coming off of. So that might have something to do with it.
Corey Greendale: Okay. I don't recall. I'll check.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And again, we're not paying as much attention to what they're saying as what we're doing. So...
Corey Greendale: Yeah. No, I totally get it. And you're running your own business and the business is going well, just in terms of  I think it's a question people looking at both companies will ask. Last question I had is just, Chuck, as far as on the cost side, one thing that  not to overemphasize 30 basis points, but the increase in the labor under SG&A was a little higher than I expected. I think it was up about 11% year-over-year. Is that the trend we should expect for the rest of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: No, that really has to do with our customer resource centers that we're in the process of opening. That'll be done by the end of this year. So, our expectation is that salaries will come down as a percentage of revenue for the rest of the year.
Corey Greendale: Because of cost savings or you're saying there's some implementation costs you're incurring now.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's right, Corey. It's an implementation cost. That's exactly right.
Donald W. Slager: Think about duplicate staffing levels and having to employ more people in the overlap and all the rest of it.
Corey Greendale: Got it. And remind me when should we start to see the savings coming in?
Donald W. Slager: So, it's next year is what we had said that you'll see a full run rate of savings associated with the CRCs.
Corey Greendale: At the beginning of 2018?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Starting in the beginning of 2018.
Corey Greendale: Perfect. All right. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Noah Kaye at Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon, Don, Chuck and Nicole. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe if we could start with the dynamic around core price versus average yield. Suddenly when you've got both numbers moving in a positive direction, it sets a strong start. But if I look at the gap between core price and average yield, which is a metric that you talked to, it did increase somewhat in the quarter since you're getting 4.1% price. I think that delta was about 1.8%, I guess. Do we make of this that some of your recent initiatives around pricing and price capture are starting to take stronger route? And how do we think about the stickiness of some of the core price increases?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, let me just address the churn a little bit. So, we saw a slight increase in the churn sequentially, and that really had to do with a supplemental revenue imitative that we had in place in 2016 that we ended up anniversarying. And we knew that that was coming. And that's why we were very focused in on going out with additional pricing actions, which help push our yield up over the 2% level. So, that might be some of what you're seeing right now. And certainly that's what you're seeing in terms of the core price that we've been able to push out in the open market.
Donald W. Slager: Right. To your point, the tools are fully deployed, the adoption rate is high, people are using the tools. Our selling rate for new sales is up. So, we're selling new business on a per unit basis at a higher rate this year than we were last year. The tools are designed to do that. Customer retention stay strong at 93%. So, all those other metrics are good shape. And again it sometimes the benefits of these things showed slowly, but they continue to provide benefit and they'll continue that through the year.
Noah Kaye: Okay. That's very helpful. And then there's been a lot of discussion of the different components of volume. I guess if we just backup, thus far, we've seen normal seasonality in the second quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Second quarter, means, it seems fine to us. Really we usually wait to really talk about seasonality until the quarter's completed, because it's really May-June where that really comes to roost, probably a little bit too early to tell. The frost is  there's still chance of frost in the Midwest kind of thing. And I know that because I'm doing a little construction project there and they keep complaining that there might be frost in the ground that's why they can't get things done. So, anyways, we get to the seasonality question through sort of mid-May and into June, and we'll give you an update on the Q2 call.
Noah Kaye: Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks. And then maybe if I could just finish up and try to get at this MSW versus C&D maybe from a slightly different angle. If you have double-digit increases in C&D, and as you've always framed this, housing starts and construction, should presage over time an increase in the higher margin MSW type volumes. Do you think that you just have some footprints in relatively younger markets or higher growth markets, and that is going to take a bit more time for those MSW growth rates to catch up. Could that be a possibility?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I don't know that we slice it quite that finally. We talk about the various types of markets we're in. It's a pretty good balance of urban centers and secondary markets, and 25% of our business is in franchise market. So, it's pretty balanced portfolio. So, we don't spend a lot of time analyzing that, because I don't think it really does us a lot of good help from the business. So, I'm sorry, I can't provide you the insight. Overall, we look more, market-by-market, how we make investments, how we deploy sales force and products, and how all of our markets contributing. And the good news to that answer is, all the markets are really doing pretty well. We get a really broad-based recovery here. It really is, as I've shared talking about with Michael Hoffman, I think it's taking a lot longer for us to see the benefit of small container growth in this recovery. We had hoped and thought we would see it sooner than we did, but we've been seeing it. And net of this broker issue we're working through, we've got decent growth there too. So, when all lines of businesses are contributing, including your higher margin, things start to make a difference for you on the margin and that's what we're going to begin to see here now in the second half of the year.
Noah Kaye: Right. Thanks very much for the color and see you at WasteExpo.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Noah.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tyler Brown at Raymond James.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck. Just to be clear, so the landfill operating cost headwinds, they sunset at the end of Q2?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. That's right.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And then, was the lack of the CNG tax credit a notable drag?
Charles F. Serianni: It was a drag. That's part of that drag that we called out that $0.01 of EPS, about 50 basis points at that, that was all part of it.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: But the big piece of it was the fuel like that, the benefit that we received last year for it.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. And so, my last question here is, just, if CPI is set to help us here in the back half, I mean, it seems that the open market is very rational. It seems like churn is lower stable. Why wouldn't yields be better than the 2%, 3% here in the back half?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're not there yet, right? Historically, when CPI is nor normal or in that sort of 2%, 3% range, open market pricing is better, historically. So, we're certainly thinking about how we will go to market and will think about what the market bears and allows, and will be evaluating competitive behavior and all the rest of it. It's too early to tell, but historically, yes CPI is up, open market pricing is up as well. So, we'll just see what happens.
Charles F. Serianni: And we'll update our guidance as we always do in July.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Sure. Okay. All right. It's been a long day. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: All right. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Amy. In closing, we'll continue to manage the business to create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth with differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Senior Vice President of Finance.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2016 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 16, 2017. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance. Our fourth quarter results capped off another solid year. Our financial performance continues to reflect our focus on executing our strategy, designed to profitably grow our business, manage our cost structure, generate consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. During the quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.57 which represents an increase of 14% over the prior year. Core price was 3.5% and average yield was 2.2%. Average yield remains above 2% even with below average contribution from CPI-based pricing. Volume growth was 50 basis points or 90 basis points excluding the impact from approximately one less work day. Our volume performance was in line with our expectations. And finally EBITDA margin expanded 70 basis points to 27.9%. As expected, most of the improvement was due to a reduction in SG&A costs and leveraging operating cost while growing units. Turning to the year, adjusted EPS was $2.22 and adjusted free cash flow was $885 million. Both performance metrics exceeded the upper end of our guidance ranges. Core price was 3.3% and average yield was 2.1%. Full year volume growth was 1%. This is the fourth straight year of simultaneous price and volume growth. And finally, EBITDA margin expanded 20 basis points to 28.3%. Importantly throughout 2016, we continued to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders, which include our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. For our customers, we strive to provide the highest level of customer service, and are committed to developing differentiated and superior products. Some of our accomplishments during 2016 include the following. First, we expanded our product offerings on our e-commerce platform. Customers are purchasing small container, temporary large container and residential subscription services online. This technology addresses the evolving needs of our customers buying preferences, and provides a lower cost sales channel. Second, we improved the capabilities and functionality of our customer portal and mobile app with approximately 1.8 million customers now enrolled. This represents an increase of over 50% from the prior year. And third, we opened three customer resource centers designed to enhance our customers' experience through a more professionally trained customer service team, improved technology and additional communication channels. We have already transitioned approximately 50% of our call volume to the new centers and expect the transition to be complete by the end of 2017. For the communities we serve, we remain devoted to delivering safe, convenient and value-driven solutions while being good stewards of the environment. With respect to safety, we continue to see a favorable reduction in employee incidence and our performance remains over 40% better than the industry average. On the sustainability front, we are recognized as the industry leader with awards from the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and Carbon Disclosure Project that are both best-in-class. For our employees, training and developing our people is a priority and we strive to be the employer of choice. Over 33,000 employees recognize the progress we have made and have told us they see the difference. For example, in 2016, we saw the largest gain in employee engagement since we began measuring employee engagement five years ago. And employee turnover continues to improve. Our driver turnover rate is at its lowest level in four years. And for our stakeholders, we remain committed to creating long-term value and 2016 was a perfect example. Our strong performance included EBITDA margin expansion, high-single-digit earnings and free cash flow growth, and approximately 20 basis points of ROIC improvement. We returned $819 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, representing a cash yield of approximately 5%. And, finally, we delivered total shareholder return of approximately 33%, which is nearly triple that of the S&P 500 average. I'm proud of our many achievements during 2016 and remain encouraged by the underlying strength of our business. I want to thank the entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Chuck will now discuss the financial results in more detail. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter 2016 revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $89 million or 3.9% over the prior year. This 3.9% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 3.6% and acquisitions of 30 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, total average yield grew 2.2% over the prior year. Average yield in the collection business was 2.7%, which includes 3.8% yield in the small container business, 2.4% yield in the large container business, and 1.6% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1%, which includes landfill MSW of 1.7%. It should be noted that a majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing price restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.5%. Core price consisted of 4.7% in the open market and 1.5% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our total volumes increased 50 basis points over the prior year, or 90 basis points excluding the impact from approximately one less workday. The following discussion of volume excludes the workday impact. Volumes increased 2.2% in the large container business. Volumes decreased 40 basis points in the small container business and 70 basis points in the residential business. Small container volumes include a 110 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have increased 70 basis points. The decline in residential volumes was expected and resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. Residential volume performance increased 40 basis points sequentially, as some of the losses from early in the year are beginning to anniversary. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 2.7%. Landfill volumes included growth in C&D of 14% and special waste of 1%. MSW volumes were consistent with the prior year. Third, fuel recovery fees decreased 10 basis points. The decrease resulted from lower fuel prices at the beginning of the quarter and the lag in our fuel recovery fee. In the fourth quarter, the average price per gallon of diesel increased 2% to $2.47 from $2.43 in the prior year. The current average diesel price is $2.57 per gallon. And, finally, commodity revenue increased 1%. The increase in commodity revenue includes higher processing fees charged to third-parties and an increase in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 24% to $134 per ton in the fourth quarter from $108 per ton in the prior year. Fourth quarter total recycling volume of 626,000 tons was down 2.5% versus the prior year. Cost of goods sold was up 20% from an increase in rebates paid for recycled commodities. Now I'll discuss changes in margin. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 70 basis points to 27.9%. The improvement included a 90 basis point decrease in SG&A cost, partially offset by a 20 basis point increase in cost of operations. The 90 basis point decrease in SG&A was primarily due to higher levels of incentive compensation and legal costs in the prior year. Fourth quarter 2016 SG&A expense was in line with our expectations at 10.5% of revenue. The 20 basis point increase in cost of operations is due to an increase in fuel expense primarily due to a larger CNG fuel credit recorded in the prior year. In 2015, the full year CNG fuel credit was recorded in the fourth quarter, whereas in 2016 the credit was recorded ratably. This timing difference increased fourth quarter 2016 fuel cost by 40 basis points. Excluding CNG credits, fourth quarter 2016 gross margin expanded 20 basis points. It should be noted that CNG credits expired at the end of 2016. On a full year basis EBITDA margin expanded 20 basis points to 28.3%. SG&A cost decreased 50 basis points to 10.3% from 10.8% in the prior year. We believe SG&A cost will continue to decline to 10% of revenue within the next couple of years. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Fourth quarter 2016 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 35.8%, which was favorably impacted by tax planning opportunities. The net impact of these tax items increased EPS by approximately $0.02 during the quarter. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $885 million. Cash flow exceeded the high end of our guidance range, due to lower than anticipated cash taxes of approximately $30 million. Excluding the benefit from cash taxes, adjusted free cash flow would have been $855 million. Now I'll turn the call back to the Don.
Donald W. Slager: Before we go into Q&A, I will discuss our 2017 financial guidance. The details of our guidance are included in our 8-K filing. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.32 to $2.36, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided last October. Our expected performance represents high single-digit to low double-digit earnings growth, after excluding an $0.08 headwind from an increase in our effective tax rate. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to be in the range of $875 million to $900 million, which is also consistent with our preliminary outlook. Our expected performance represents high single-digit to low double-digit growth, after excluding a $90 million increase in cash taxes. We expect the annual revenue growth of 4.5% to 5%. Selected components of our revenue guidance include average yield of approximately 2%. We expect the pricing environment in 2017 to be relatively similar to 2016. Volume growth in a range of 1% to 1.25%, contribution from recycled commodities of 50 basis points to 75 basis points, and acquisitions of 50 basis points. This relates primarily to tuck-in acquisitions and the rollover impact from 2016 transactions. We anticipate adjusted EBITDA margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.7%. This represents 20 basis points to 40 basis points of margin expansion over our 2016 performance. 2017 net capital expenditures are expected to be $975 million, or 9.9% of revenue. We anticipate investing approximately $100 million in tuck-in acquisitions, and we expect to return approximately $900 million of total cash to shareholders through $450 million of dividends and $450 million of share repurchases. In summary, the fundamentals of our business remain strong and supportive of continued profitable growth. The investments we are making in our business and the solid execution of our strategy are producing positive results and creating long-term value. We remain focused on delivering consistent earnings and cash flow growth, improving return on invested capital and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Derrick Laton: Hey, good afternoon. It's Derrick Laton on for Brian. How are you all?
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Brian.
Derrick Laton: Hey, just a couple questions on  so, on the M&A front, looks like you guys ended up spending maybe $60 million for tuck-ins in 2016. Just curious if this was maybe lack of sellers here, or maybe you guys just kind of being patient with regards to valuations, and then also just for your target for 2017 is there maybe some upside here given that kind of where things ended in 2016?
Donald W. Slager: Well, a couple things. Yeah, I like your choice of word patience, we are I guess somewhat conservative on the side of acquisitions. We're not going to do bad deals just to hit an acquisition target goal. So we have confidence in the pipeline. We have had to walk away from couple of transactions, laid in due diligence, when we found things that we didn't think were acceptable, so we're going to buy good companies and good recurring cash flow. So there is the patience for you. As it relates to 2017, we've got a strong pipeline. We've got a number of deals in advance stages of due diligence already. So we again, we're confident that we'll put a $100 million to work intelligently in 2017. And as we always say, we've always got a little more capacity if there is more out there. But we're only going to buy things that fit and we think the pipeline will be good for us this year and the $100 million is just a good place to start.
Derrick Laton: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And maybe if I could just shift gears quickly to the recycling side. I noticed on your outlook saying it should be maybe 0.5% to 0.75% increase for 2017. Could you maybe provide some color just kind of on how the recycling market is looking for you guys currently, and then maybe the cadence for that 0.5% to 0.75% increase, are you kind of expecting that mainly in Q1 and Q2?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So what we do there, Brian, (sic) [Derrick] is what we do every year, we  when we give guidance and this is something we've done again historically, for as long as I could remember, we  with things like fuel and commodities, we just try to peg the rate at the time we conclude our budget. So we've used a $140 per ton average for our commodity prices throughout the year, we want to stay away from speculating what the markets may or may not do, because you don't know some of these things tend to be volatile. We can provide you the detail of what happens for every $10 of improvement, and what that means to EPS, if you need that, certainly we can have Chuck provide that for you, but that's the way we do it. We think that's the smartest way to approach it rather than for us to try to forecast it with a crystal ball here.
Charles F. Serianni: And just to put some more color around that, as Don mentioned, as we have disclosed in the past a $10 change in the average commodity price is worth about $0.03 in annual EPS. Now it's important to keep in mind that, that's based upon our average mix of materials and OCC makes up the most of our mix, but it's only 45% of the mix overall.
Derrick Laton: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you, guys.
Donald W. Slager: You bet.
Charles F. Serianni: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Hamzah Mazari at Macquarie. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon, thank you. Just a question on landfill volume expectation for 2017, you know, Don, what's baked into what you are expecting on the landfill volume side, I know overall volumes are 1%, just any thoughts qualitatively or quantitatively would be helpful?
Donald W. Slager: Well, Hamzah, I think just directionally, right, as the boarder economy recovers, we're going to see just continued improvement in our small container business. We're going to  that will help drive our landfill volumes. We'll see continued improvement in  we think in the C&D business certainly. We know, we have strong trends coming out of Q4. We think those continue into next year, certainly not only for our own volumes, but the third-party volumes that come to our site. So there is no new big deal on the horizon, but special waste is pretty sort of normalized I would say going into next year. So I think just everything that we've laid out for our guidance, we think just strong underlying fundamentals continue to drive the business forward. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. And just to follow-up. You've made a lot of technology investments and ramped those up, just curious, what inning do you think you're in, in terms of seeing the benefits from some of the technology investments longer-term, whether it be route density or other areas you've invested in, just curious if you're in early innings or later innings? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: No. We thanks, Hamzah. We would class that as early innings, right. So, we're very happy with the course that we've charted, we're getting a lot of positive feedback from customers from our own teammates, employees, but we're going to be  continue to invest down that road and build out a digital platform, but we're early in the process. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tyler Brown at Raymond James.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, Chuck. So in the past, you guys have noted that the velocity of margin improvements really will ultimately be arbitrated by CPI, recycling prices, and, I guess, volume. So as we look at it, I mean, all of those things are kind of moving in the right direction and I think you even have a tailwind from some hedge rollovers here in 2017. And you obviously guided to the 28.5% to 27%, that's great, but I don't get the sense that that's really outside of what your original expectations were back in Halloween. So I'm just curious, big picture, if there is something that's working against the margins that maybe doesn't give you confidence that maybe the margins could improve more than 20 basis points to 40 basis points.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, a couple things to keep in mind, Tyler, is that, first of all, the CPI lags. So whatever we print then in 2017, we won't see the benefit of that until the second half of 2018. So that's the first item. The second item is that you talked about the roll-off of the fuel hedges. What we need to keep in mind also is that the CNG credit goes away. So that's something that was available to us in 2016, but that doesn't repeat. And, also, right now, we're looking at overall higher fuel prices. So, thinking about the margin then, so we're talking about 20 basis points to 40 basis points of margin expansion. Think about 10 basis points of that coming from commodities, the rest coming from the core business, 30 basis points or so. So we see that as pretty strong and sustainable growth.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So let me chime in here too. Tyler. We'll see the full benefit of the CRC consolidation not until 2018, right. So that will layer in as well. And just, overall, right, we're talking about guidance that has high single-digit to low double-digit expansion, both in cash flow and EPS, right. So, we've got up really strong margin -
Patrick Tyler Brown: Yeah, yeah.
Donald W. Slager: Built in and I think the signs are positive. So we've got more tailwind than we do headwind at this point. So that's a good thing.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Right, right. No, it feels like good momentum there. But  so, Don, I've got to ask you about maintenance and repair. So if I look at M&R, I think it was up only 2% year-over-year, which I think is the lowest level of inflation that we've seen in that line since maybe 2011. And I'm just curious if you're viewing this as maybe a big inflection? Is OneFleet finally starting to really permeate through that line or how should we think about that maintenance and repair line, kind of, going forward?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. You're right on, Tyler, I mean, we are seeing the benefits of OneFleet. As you know, all of the divisions now have gone through it. We'll finish certifying those remaining divisions that went through it in fourth quarter of last year. But we've got good results from OneFleet in Q4 and we expect to see those continue into 2017. So the initiative is paying off. And, remember, it's not just showing up in the R&M line. Fleet reliability shows up in customer service. Good customer service shows up in price. Reliable fleet show up in the lowest driver turnover we've seen it for years. So there is a lot of other benefits. And then, of course, the icing on the cake is the CapEx savings, right. So, we've saved $100 million so far as we've begun to very methodically age the fleet, extend the useful life of the fleet and we've got about another $100 million to go. So, OneFleet is a success in our minds and it's going to continue to pay dividends and that fleet reliability as it builds is going to continue to show up in other parts of the business for us.
Patrick Tyler Brown: All right. Great, guys. Nice quarter. Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Tyler.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the Andrew Buscaglia at Credit Suisse. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi, guys. Congrats on a good quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Andrew.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Andrew. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC So, I got to ask I noticed you talked in a little bit of energy services guide. I would think that you kind of keep that in your back pocket, but you guys must feel pretty confident that could have somewhat of an impact. Can you remind us how big that is right now as a percentage of your revenues? I mean it's pretty -
Donald W. Slager: So it's about 1% right now, Andrew, in terms of overall revenue and what we've guided to is about 25 basis points of increase in that line of business during 2017. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. And what's your assumption there just I don't know in terms of like the energy market? Are you assuming things improving or just staying up where they are?
Donald W. Slager: Pretty much consistent with where they are right now. We're beginning to see some rig increases, especially in the Permian Basin. And so that's what gives us the confidence to call out the 25 basis point increase. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: And you're right to point out. Things look better in that direction. They have historically. So again, as I just said to Tyler, there is more wind pushing us than in our face this year. So it's a good way to start the year out. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Yeah. Definitely. And yeah, the other topic, sort of the other topic du jour is your tax rate. Your stock certainly is reflecting some optimism there. Have you guys had conversations around this about what you would expect and how are you thinking about for the balance of this year?
Charles F. Serianni: Well, I'll ask your one  I'll answer one question directly. We've had a lot of conversation about it, because as you know we are a statutory payer, right. And so, if and when there is some type of tax reform, we likely stand to be a beneficiary of that. So don't know when that will occur or how will occur, and as you know there are probably a number of levers that get pulled. So, we're not counting any of that just yet, but we certainly are thinking about how it might impact us. And so we're also taking the wait and see approach that you all do, but if there is some movement there, it's good for us. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Ken C. Wang: Hi, this is Ken Wang on for Corey. Thanks for taking my question. So we understand Las Vegas is about to start the process of negotiating an extension with you in part because they want single-stream recycling. So just wondering, can you share any insight into the renewal process, how much capital you expect you may invest for single stream recycling and the likelihood of the contract going out to bid?
Donald W. Slager: Well, as a rule, we don't discuss individual contracts or the individual contracts terms, and certainly not when we're negotiating contract. So I can't do that for you, but I will just tell you that, more broadly, we've get great relationships there again, in and around Las Vegas, our people do an outstanding job and we've got a strong track record there, and the best assets in the marketplace. So ultimately we think the business there will continue to perform inclusive of those contracts that are coming out, but that's all I can tell you about any contract that we're in the midst of negotiating, today.
Ken C. Wang: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Noah Kaye at Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe we can start with the commercial business, really seeing again nice growth in small container and large container, I think particularly the small container given the intentional shutting of business. With that, can you may be update us on where your current commercial churn rate is and have we maybe reached a point, where most of that rationalization and then shutting up unprofitable volumes is done?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So let's focus on a couple of things. The defection rate or more positively the retention rate is 93% across our business. And so, there hasn't been a material movement in that. It takes a lot of transactions to move that number in a meaningful way. So  but the retention is very strong. Our pricing yield in Q4 was 3.8% in the small container business, which is the highest level it's been in seven years. I think that further underscores just the strength of that business, also such a show up frankly in our fleet reliability, the great job our people are doing, I think the value of the products, some of the digital platform that we've initiated with customers, so I feel pretty good about that. As far as the growth there, we've had decent consistent net unit growth in small container. Again, if you factor out the non-regrettable losses in Q4, we grew 70 basis points in that business, it's one of our best lines of business so to speak. And as it relates to 2017, we'll see about the same amount of shedding a business there that we saw in 2016. So, we're being very methodical and very intentional about moving away from business that is broker business frankly and a business where we're not face-to-face with customers.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then as I think you pointed out, everyone is having a lot of conversations about tax reform, and I am wondering, if that has in any way impacted some of the conversations around M&A certainly with some family-owned businesses that one can imagine that there could very meaningful consequences of potential tax reform, has that impacted in any way the timing of some of your M&A activity, and would you expect it to potentially be a benefit going forward once we get more clarity?
Donald W. Slager: Well, Noah, I don't think it's really impacted anything to-date because there hasn't been any tax reform and nobody knows what it would be, so if I were selling my business today based on some empty promise of tax reform, I probably wouldn't do it. So, we're not seeing that kind of activity. We  I can see there are potential for somebody making a decision, but I think that wouldn't be the only thing that drives your decision, I think if people are in a window of thinking about selling their business then they could use tax reform or some new tax consequence as the reason to finally make that final determination. But I don't think it's the one and only decision or the one and only decision point that people will use. So, I think, there's been a lot of talk about that. I think, it's much to do about nothing at this point. But frankly the pipeline for acquisitions look strong and if there are some kind of tax reform that's meaningful, it could only make it potentially stronger not weaker.
Noah Kaye: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Feniger at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael J. Feniger: Thanks for taking my question. I know that the  you're forecasting the average yield to 2% and it's actually trended down 2015 it was 2.3%, 2016 I think it was around 2.1%. I know that 2016 had that headwind from CPI that goes around 20 basis points, 30 basis points from the low CPI of 2015. So can you just walk us through why the yield is still drifting slightly lower, shouldn't the CPI headwind at least be abating by the time the second half of the year?
Charles F. Serianni: By the time the second half of the year comes around that's true. But you got to remember that we still have the first half of the year where we're dealing with the CPI of 0.1% so that's a significant headwind for us. Yeah.
Michael J. Feniger: All right. That make sense. And I know there was a lot of discussion so far about the pipeline on M&A front. If you go through the due diligence and I understand to be patient, but I'm wondering is there any point where maybe you decide to step up that buyback amount, and say it's more  it makes more sense maybe just to buy your own shares at this valuation?
Donald W. Slager: Well, look, we talk repeatedly and frankly for years with people about what we call a balanced approach, right, of using free cash flow. And I think frankly, most of our owners would like to see us continue to, one, invest in the business, and invest in organic growth, and invest in M&A when we can buy cash flow, reoccurring cash flow at the right multiple. And that's what we do with our tuck-in program, right. So, tuck-ins are the very best way to get the fastest return on those investments, they have the lowest risk, they are the easiest to integrate and so on. So, as long as those tuck-ins are there, and they are quality companies with quality revenue, draw quality customer base, we're going to continue to do that. That is a very good use of cash for the business. And part of that balanced approach then is with the remainder of the cash, our balanced approach to dividend increase and buyback. And we buy back 2%, 3% of our shares generally, annually. So it's that formula, if you will, that we've been using over the past many years that we've been doing this. And it's that very formula that I think has helped driving the appreciation in the stock, and in the market cap of the company. So I would argue that it's working very, very nicely. So we're going to continue to do that. And if and when a larger opportunity comes along, we always tell people that we've got the flexibility with our balance sheet to go after a larger deal if one comes along. There are some very nice companies that could consume $100 million purchase price all by themselves. We're certainly prepared to do that for the right opportunity, and if something like that comes up, you'll be hearing about it.
Michael J. Feniger: That's perfect. And just lastly guys, C&D showed pretty strong growth in the fourth quarter, I think it was up double-digits. From what you're seeing so far in January and February is  are the trends still intact in that part of the business?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. C&D has been a really good business for us. I will give you a couple of data points, one, remember we've talked a lot about household formation driving the business, that drives business formations. So C&D is continuing. That's going to set up more small container growth in the future which we're excited about certainly. But if you look at the household formation in total, we're still lagging nationally the 5th year average. And so we think there is a fair amount of growth yet to be had there. We're well positioned and very focused on getting our fair share of that growth. At the same time, we're growing both price and volume in that space. So in the temporary large container business on a combined basis of price and volume, we got 4.8% volume growth, and even in permanent business. So the business is very healthy, the supply and demand economics are working the way they should in a rational environment and so the business should continue to post good results for us certainly through 2017, and I would say likely well beyond that.
Michael J. Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hey, Don, Chuck, Brian. Thanks for taking my questions.
Donald W. Slager: How are doing, Michael?
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: I'm good. Can't complain, what's the point anyway.
Donald W. Slager: Right.
Michael E. Hoffman: I have a question with regards to free cash, just it sort of walks back towards this leverage question everybody keeps asking, so you posted an $885 million this year 2016, but it's held by cash taxes. So if I smoothed the tax conversation, $855 million looks like what if taxes are all the same. Would it be fair to say $855 million goes to $965 million to $990 million, if cash taxes were the same in both periods?
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Hey, Michael. This is Brian, just to think of it this way. Is that, when we take a look at the cash tax as a percent of provision, right, in 2016, it was about 79%. Okay, we expect that to move to about 90% to 95% in 2017. So just that differential creates about a $90 million cash tax headwind.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. So... go ahead, sorry. Well, so what I was getting  I mean, maybe margins aren't moving as much as some are wringing their hands about. But the fact of the matter is the operating leverage through to cash is actually pretty good, if cash taxes were all things being equal.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's right.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Yeah. Said another way is that on a similar cash tax as a percentage of provision basis, the free cash flow is growing high-single digit to low-double digits, which is very strong.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: So, I will say it another way. That's the strongest as far as from a guidance perspective, the strongest guidance we've given in, I don't know, how many years. Both EPS or free cash growing at high-single digits to low double-digits. So the business is moving ahead. We're getting the operating leverage and it is showing up in the cash. That's your point.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. That's what I was trying to get at. Okay. So back to a mix question. Where do you think you are in the  and this is back to your comment about household formation against business formation. So where do you think you are in your model catching up to the household formation trend in the commercial collection side, which is your best margin business? So that's sort of that, the hand at your back on the margin opportunities, is that new business formation, that service interval upgrades, the service new adds versus losses, all of those patterns? How do you think about where you are  your company relative to the 1.5 million in housing starts?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think we're still in early innings on that. I think probably maybe you even thought that we'd be further faster just the way the economy would work. But I think there's still plenty of room to go. I mean, household formation is only, what, 1.2 million, 1.250 million, so I think there is a lot of room to go yet. And as far as service increases versus decreases that trend has been positive now for a year, right. So, all signs are really good there. So, again, that is one of our best businesses. So as we see broader recovery, we're going to see that in small container, we're going to see that in MSW landfill, two of our higher margin businesses that are going to continue to push us toward that 30% margin that we know is at some point achievable, so.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then Chuck's comment of 20 basis points to 30 basis points is the garbage company and then the 10 basis points is commodities. That 20 basis points to 30 basis points turns into 25 basis points to 35 basis points to 30 basis points to 35 basis points is what's happening, right. I mean, is that the way to think about it as I look out in 2018, into 2019 and 2020 if this pattern keeps holding?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I think that's fair. I mean, we...
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Charles F. Serianni: We believe that we're going to continue to see margin expansion over the course of the next several years, because of all of the factors, Michael, that we talked about including the increase in the volumes that we're seeing in small container business.
Michael E. Hoffman: All right.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So to think about it  think about the comments, right. So, we give you volume. We give you price. We split it by market vertical. But don't forget about all the other metrics we gave you about improving engagement, improving Net Promoter Score, improving driver turnover stats, improving safety. All of those other underlying metrics are all pointing in the right direction. So, all these investments we're making in creating Republic Way and working on the team and all these other things we're doing in pricing tools and so forth, all of that's taken hold. OneFleet, as I talked about with Tyler, all those things will have additional upside as well as a broader and more positive economic outlook. So, we feel really good about the underlying trends. We feel really good about the rational industry. And we feel good about what 2017 and 2018 can look like, although we're certainly not giving 2018 guidance today, Michael.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. And not to mention, what's happened in the  with CPI and how we're going to get a bump-up in our pricing second half of this year and then what we might be able to print here in terms of CPI in 2017 and how that will impact the second half of 2018.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, remember right and we mentioned that we don't get the full benefit of the CRC again until 2018. And while we've been working really well and the team has been very successful in moving to the alternative index, as CPI rises, that's just a natural lift across the pretty big part of our business. We get back to now a very fair escalator, very quickly if we get that CPI lift. So, that's another thing that'll trend in our favor we think over the next couple of years based on everything we're seeing.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then if I could squeeze the next one in. The capital spending assumes growth for your win of the zones in Los Angeles?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. It does.
Charles F. Serianni: That's correct.
Donald W. Slager: That's correct.
Michael E. Hoffman: And it's ratable through the year, right. You're ramping at the pace of full absorption?
Donald W. Slager: More or less. The spend for that contract  it might be more weighted towards second half of the year, but pretty close to half now.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Congrats on the numbers.
Donald W. Slager: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Box at KeyBanc.
Joe G. Box: Hey, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Joe.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Joe.
Joe G. Box: So just quickly on the energy services side, I guess is it fair to say that the 25 basis points of contribution is all volume driven? Are you guys starting to see some price improvement? And then maybe just from a high level, if you could just talk to some of the changes that you guys have made at this business. I'm sure you guys have changed the mix since you bought in. You've probably added some muscle. So maybe just a little color on what the business looks like today from the margin standpoint versus when you bought it?
Donald W. Slager: All right. Well, as far as the mix goes, remember when we bought it, it was primarily infrastructure business, disposal, TRD, very small part of that business was transportation. And so the mix is largely the same. We have added some capacity in around disposal, which has been one of the reasons that the business is building. And as far as what we've done to the business, we've made it more efficient. We've made it operate better. We've improved turn times to facilities. We're trying to be the facility of choice, those kind of things. We've brought some of the Republic Way concepts, as you could imagine, operations into that business. So the team proved very quickly that we could operate the business and frankly operate the business better than it was being operated. So that gave me a lot of confidence. The rest of the noise is just about the market, but we never saw real price erosion in the business, and that's primarily because we bought good assets in good geographies. And of course, the Permian really is performing well. So as volumes come up, those volumes are going to come in at a higher margin, which is, it's going to behave very much as like our solid waste business does. We got the assets, we got the people in place, and we could handle a lot more volume without adding a lot of other cost, we'll just basically take advantage of the operating leverage. So that's what we see for 2017.
Joe G. Box: Sure. Sure. Do you think you could actually see some price improvement in 2017 or is that a little out of reach?
Donald W. Slager: No. I think look, we believe in supply and demand economics. It works very well in our business and we're very well situated again geographically. So that, as markets improve, should give us some pricing power as well.
Joe G. Box: Got it. Thanks guys.
Donald W. Slager: Great.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Next question is from Al Kaschalk of Wedbush Securities.
Al Kaschalk: Hi, good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Al.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Al.
Al Kaschalk: Hope you're doing well.
Donald W. Slager: Doing great.
Al Kaschalk: Good. One of the follow-up on the energy services side. So is that something you're comfortable with looking at expansion or deploying some capital at the right price?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we've done a little bit of that Al. Not in a huge way, but done a little bit of it. And again, we're comfortable with the business. I guess what I'm saying we've run the assets well. We got a really good team on the ground there. So I feel good about that. It's just really a matter of where is the opportunity and is the opportunity in the right location. It's really not that much different than the solid waste business. We want to have good market position and so for the right opportunity we could, but after even saying that, it's still just a really small piece of our overall business, it's less than 1% of our business and it will never be a really, really big piece of our business around here. But it doesn't make it not important, we'll just be opportunistic if we can be.
Charles F. Serianni: And this is not another platform acquisition out there, Al, that's available to us and not only that we'd be interested in that, what we're looking to do really is to tuck-in other assets around our existing infrastructure.
Donald W. Slager: That's correct.
Al Kaschalk: That's very helpful. Love to hear that. Let me try this question and see how we go, but we are shooting for on a Thursday afternoon. How long or how much more and this maybe you can broaden this out to someone other than RSG if you'd like. How much further do we have to go through on this regrettable losses and in terms of purging the business. Maybe said differently, why don't we get rid of the business that's not profitable, is there a fear of vertical integration, is it market specific and therefore you can't do it all at once. What's holding us back?
Donald W. Slager: Well, there is a couple of things. First there is contractual obligations, right and so we don't break agreements with customers; even if we are in a situation we don't like, we do our best to negotiate our way through it. We never just walk away from a customer when we've got a contractual obligation, so that's first. Second, we think very strategically about our business, and so the decision to move away from some of the broker business is a strategic decision and we know what that  we think we believe or we think we know what that outcome will do for our business overall. So we're doing that in a kind of a ratable, methodical way over time, it just makes sense. So we put a lot of thought into it, we maybe at this for another year or two, and then it will be through it, and at the same time, because we have the capture tools in place, because we have PBS training in place, because we have better controls, we're making better decisions at the point of sale, we will be finding our way into this business again, because we have a control point in our National Accounts Group, a portal, if you will, that puts controls on which type of third-parties we choose to do business with or not. Again, we won't find ourselves in this situation again. And so we're just doing it in a methodical way and in a way that supplements our strategy, doesn't hurt our strategy. So that's as simply as I can put it. I guarantee it makes sense and it's the right way to go.
Al Kaschalk: Yeah. No, I wasn't questioning that. I was just trying to appreciate not having to run out of business, Don. Sometimes we don't appreciate some of those things. Shifting gears to  are you able to add anymore color on the LA business that was one, zones, as they are more forthcoming?
Charles F. Serianni: No, again, let me just say this, the main point, I think that should be important to people is when this opportunity developed, we certainly put a lot of time and effort, we had a great team on the ground, we got great relationships there in LA, we ended up protecting and actually expanding our previous market share there. As you know we've got great assets in the market, we're the only company that has a landfill in the County of LA, and so we want to make sure we continue to find a way to utilize our vertical integration opportunity and advantage there, which we've done. We are happy with the zones we have, and again we actually did a little better than the market share we had and it's going to be accretive to the business. So we are excited to get started with the city there, and I think it's going to be a great outcome overall.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. Are you able to  with the guidance that you provided, I assume this is included in there?
Charles F. Serianni: It is included, but you can imagine, right, the things starts kind of halfway through the year, it's a lot of startup costs. So it's not going to do much for us in 2017 by the time we get it all sorted out and stood up, we'll see some more benefit from it in 2018.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. Well, I'll look for the trucks. Thanks.
Charles F. Serianni: All right, man.
Al Kaschalk: See you.
Operator: At this time there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Amy. I would like to thank all our Republic employees for their hard work, commitment to serving our customers and dedication to operational excellence and upholding the Republic Way. Thank you all for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services' Third Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' third quarter 2016 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 27, 2016. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for being with us today. Our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the strength of our strategy, a profitable growth through differentiation. Our solid performance resulted from simultaneously growing price and volume, higher recycled commodity prices, and continuing to execute our strategic initiatives. As expected, margins expanded in the third quarter, keeping us well-positioned to achieve our full year EBITDA margin goal. Highlights of the quarter include adjusted EPS of $0.62, which exceeded our expectations. Our results were positively impacted by solid performance across our business and a lower tax rate. We now expect to exceed the upper end of our original guidance range. Adjusted free cash flow was $239 million during the quarter; we now expect to meet or exceed the upper end of our original guidance range. Core price was 3.2% and average yield was 2.1%. Average yield improved sequentially even with a step-down in CPI-based pricing. We continue to see relatively higher average yield in our small container commercial and large container businesses. A majority of these customers are in open markets, where we can leverage increases in demand for service, our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. Third quarter volumes increased 60 basis points. We continue to see broad-based volume growth across our business, which was tempered by intentionally shedding certain volumes performed on behalf of brokers and municipal residential work that does not meet our return criteria. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved 80 basis points to 28.9% from 28.1% in the prior year. A favorable reduction in operating cost drove 20 basis points of margin expansion and lower SG&A costs resulted in 60 basis points of margin expansion. As part of our efficient capital allocation strategy, we returned $622 million total cash to our shareholders since the beginning of the year. This includes 6.5 million shares repurchased for $312 million. We remain on track to complete our goal of $400 million of share repurchases during 2016. Regarding our revenue enhancing and customer-facing initiatives, first, we now have approximately $375 million in annual revenue that has been converted to a waste-related index or fixed rate increase of 3% or more for the annual price adjustment. Second, approximately 1.7 million customers are enrolled in our customer portal and mobile app, up 50% from the prior year. These tools significantly enhance our customer interaction and connectivity. Third, we expanded our product offerings on our e-commerce platform. Customers can now purchase small container, temporary large container and residential subscription services online. This technology addresses the evolving needs of our customers' buying preferences and provides a lower cost sales channel. And finally, we opened our last customer resource center, located in Indianapolis. We continue to consolidate the customer service function from 100 different locations into three and expect the transition to be complete by the end of 2017. Regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost savings initiatives, 18% of our total fleet now operates on natural gas. 74% of our residential fleet is currently automated, and 90% of our total fleet has been certified under our One Fleet standardized maintenance program, up from 74% a year ago. The entire fleet will be certified by mid-2017. As a result of our third quarter performance and expectation that recycled commodity prices remain at current levels for the remainder of the year, we are raising our full-year financial guidance. Adjusted earnings per share is now expected to be in a range of $2.19 to $2.20, which is an increase from our original guidance of $2.13 to $2.17. Adjusted free cash flow is now expected to be $840 million to $850 million, which is an increase from our original guidance of $820 million to $840 million. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Third quarter 2016 revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $65 million, or 2.8% over the prior year. This 2.8% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.5% and acquisitions of 30 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, total average yield grew 2.1% over the prior year; average yield in the collection business was 2.6%, which includes 3.6% yield in the small container commercial business, 2.3% yield in the large container business, and 1.5% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1%, which includes landfill MSW of 1.7%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing price restrictions. Total price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.2%. Core price consisted of 4.3% in the open market and 1.4% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our total volumes increased 60 basis points. Volumes increased 30 basis points in the small container business, and 1% in the large container business. As expected volumes in the residential business declined 1.1%. Volume growth in the small container business reflects a 60 basis point impact from shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have grown approximately 1%. The decline in residential volumes resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. These losses were known and contemplated in our full-year guidance. The post-collection business made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes increased 2.5%. Landfill volumes consisted of growth in MSW of 1.9%, and C&D of 13.4%, partially offset by decline in special waste of 3.6%. The decline in special waste volume relates to two large event-driven remediation jobs in the prior year that did not repeat. Third, fuel recovery fees decreased 60 basis points. The change primarily relates to decline in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.38 in the third quarter from $2.63 in the prior year, a decrease of 9%. The current average diesel price is $2.48 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel cost through our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. Next, energy services revenue decreased 30 basis points due to decline in drilling activity. And finally, commodity revenue increased 70 basis points. The increase in commodity revenue includes higher processing fees charged to third-parties, and an increase in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 12% to $133 per ton in the third quarter from $119 per ton in the prior year. Third quarter total recycling volume of 655,000 tons was essentially flat with the prior year. Cost of goods sold was up 13% from an increase in rebates paid for recycled commodities. Now, I will discuss changes in margin. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 28.9%, from 28.1% in the prior year. Of the 80 basis points of margin expansion, the impact from higher recycled commodity prices contributed 10 basis points. The remaining 70 basis points of margin expansion relates to. First, a 10 basis point improvement in cost of operations resulting from price increases in excess of our cost inflation and realizing the benefit from our fleet-based initiatives and second, a 60 basis point improvement in SG&A costs resulting from favorably settling a legal matter, price increases in excess of our cost inflation and leveraging our fixed cost structure while growing volumes. The favorable legal settlement reduced third quarter SG&A cost by approximately 40 basis points, which more than offset legal charges recorded earlier this year. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Third quarter 2016 interest expense was $89 million, which includes $12 million of non-cash amortization, both interest amounts exclude the refinancing charge. As discussed on our second quarter call, we tendered and replaced hard coupon debt in early July. Associated with refinancing, we incurred a $0.36 charge in the third quarter, which was recorded for loss on extinguishment of debt. The refinancing activity will save approximately $17 million in annual interest expense or approximately $0.03 of EPS. Our adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 37%, the lower tax rate in the third quarter resulted in a $0.02 EPS benefit. Third quarter adjusted free cash flow was $239 million and year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $576 million. After considering the timing of working capital, our year-to-date performance keeps us well-positioned to achieve our upwardly revised full-year guidance. Now, I will turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. Before closing, I would like to discuss the 2017 preliminary outlook we provided in our earnings release. We are currently midway through our annual planning process, and based on our initial reviews and assuming current business conditions, we project the following: Adjusted earnings per share of $2.31 to $2.36; and adjusted free cash flow of $875 million to $900 million. Both performance metrics represent mid to high single-digit growth. Consistent with our prior practice, we will provide detailed guidance in February 2017. To conclude, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance, as a result of continuing to focus on our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation, together with solid operational execution, we expanded margins by simultaneously growing price and volume, reducing costs and leveraging our scale, delivered earnings and free cash flow growth and improved return on invested capital and increased cash returns to shareholders through a balanced mix of dividends and share repurchases. Through our focus on managing the business for the long-term, we continue to create lasting shareholder value. Before going to Q&A, I'd like to discuss some recent events. In September, Republic was named to the gold standard of sustainability rankings, and was the only company in our industry included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. Our customers have told us that sustainability is important to them, and we believe that it drives profitability and long-term value creation. We are proud of our progress in this area and the external recognition we've received is best-in-class. With respect to Hurricane Matthew, we're happy to report that we made immediate contact with all Republic employees and all are safe. Our facilities and assets did not incur any material damage and we were fully operational in all locations within days of the hurricane. We are committed to providing the high level of service required to address the needs of our customers. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Slager. Your first question will come from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Ken C. Wang: Thank you. This is Ken Wang on for Corey. Thanks for taking my question. So, just looking at the EPS beat for the quarter, it looks like part of it was driven by lower than expected other category expense within SG&A. Just wondering if you could speak a little bit more about what that was, what in particular drove that?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. We had a legal settlement during the quarter that benefited us in the SG&A line by about 40 basis points.
Donald W. Slager: There is about $0.01 of EPS.
Ken C. Wang: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just on Hurricane Matthew, was there any revenue effect during the quarter?
Donald W. Slager: No, not really  negligible. When these things occur, what will happen is, you will have some business closings that are a decrease in revenue, but then you'll also have some cleanup effect, that is an increase and then at some point, maybe some ongoing construction, debris hauling that impacts the business. We also have some cost increases along the way as we take care of our people. We move all of our trucks to higher ground so that they are safe and sound. We do a lot of planning and work so that we can get right back to work. So we put a lot of emphasis in on the front-end, so we can get right back to work and take advantage of some revenue as it comes in, but our focus is employees, assets and then hopefully a little bit of cleanup that we can do, but net of net it's immaterial.
Ken C. Wang: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question will be from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Good afternoon. Thank you. Just had a question on the volume environment, Don, how would you characterize that? Did you see sort of normal seasonality, are the U.S. elections impacting special waste projects being pushed out? And there is some noise, given you are shutting low margin business. So just trying to get a sense of how you  how we should think about just the underlying volume environment given some of these moving parts here.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Sure. Let me back up a minute, Hamzah, let's first focus on the preliminary outlook we gave you for 2017, which really says that we think the ongoing trends, underlying rational behavior in the business, underlying economy and the trajectory for the business is good into next year. So we're not seeing anything on a real true trending basis that's got us concerned, we think things are going to be fine. On a localized basis, you mentioned impact of the election, yeah, we do see every four years when we get into this election cycle, some impacts to certain maybe major event jobs being pushed or delayed. I think we're seeing a little bit of that in special waste, right now. Roll-off has been pretty solid for us. We had a little lower growth in roll-off this quarter than last, but we also got higher price. So, we specifically went into the market, because of demand, and asked for a little more price in our open-top temporary roll-off business. So, there is nothing there that has us concerned. And again, I'd just point you to next year. On the commercial side, we've talked a lot about construction coming back that's been our leading growth headline, but we saw in Q3, the first positive or I'd say, the best positive sales growth year-over-year in our small container business in two years. And if you net out the losses  the broker losses, which were intentional and non-regrettable, it was a really great quarter for us. And that's on top of four out of the past five quarters in that business have had a 3.6% yield to boot. So a solid yield, solid growth and again, shutting a business that's  that doesn't have the right return is the right thing to do for us. And we're going to continue to do that. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Right. Very helpful. And then just a follow-up question, you mentioned 80 bps of margin expansion, there's some one-time items in there, may be around the legal matter you referenced. Is 30% still a short-term margin target to think of for you guys? Just trying to get a sense of normalized annual margin expansion that we should be thinking about going forward?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Well, I guess, it depends on your definition of short-term, Hamzah. For us, we think 30% EBITDA margin is certainly within our grasp, some things have to go right for us. We got to see continued growth in our best lines of business like small container, which we saw in Q3, we got to see landfill growth continue. Remember, if not for the change in CPI in the fall-off in recycling commodities that we saw following 2011, we'd be at 31% margins today. So, those two things alone have really slowed us down, those are the big headwinds we face, we're spending a lot of time in reimagining the recycling business, we've closed our facilities that don't meet the return criteria. We've invested in others that do, so, we're still committed to recycling for customers, that are willing to pay. We've continued to make good decisions there, we're converting more and more of our municipal business to a fair and reasonable price escalator. So, those things are going to continue over the next several years and we think we'll get back to 30%, we think this business can certainly handle that, and we think that sort of the structural nature of the industry will allow it. So...
Charles F. Serianni: Hamzah, I'd say that our third quarter results reflects that also, holding aside the fact that about 10 basis points of our margin expansion during the quarter was the result of commodities, we talked about 40 basis points due to that legal reversal that we had. But on top of that, you've got 10 basis points of leverage in the operating cost line and another 20 basis points of leverage in SG&A. So, we're starting to see all the fruits of our labor.
Donald W. Slager: The preliminary outlook we gave you, Hamzah, includes ongoing positive growth, ongoing positive yield and ongoing margin expansion in 2017. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thank you and congrats on the quarter. I'd like to just pick up right there on some of the internal levers for the margin expansion. You mentioned the consolidation of customer service, can you kind of help us understand how that and some of the other restructuring initiatives might be creating some of this leverage, let's say, on the SG&A side, as well as in the operating cost side. Maybe just get into a little bit more detail on what's being done internally to help drive that expansion? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, that's great question. So, first remember, when we first told you about the consolidation of the Customer Resource Centers, we were doing that at the same time we were going through an organizational restructuring here, by combining a couple layers of management, which that's complete. But we also said, the net effect of that is not really going to be fully achieved till 2018, right. So, we won't see the full effect of the CRC consolidation until 2018. So, that's one of them. There are ongoing improvements in the business all the time around productivity, around fleet. We expect our maintenance cost to moderate in Q4, we're putting a lot of effort into building what I call the most reliable fleet in the industry that's our goal. We think that reliable fleets going to continue to help us with driving employee turnover down, employee engagement up, tech turnover down, all those other things. And so, there is a lot of things going on in there that are worth sort of basis points at a time. Remember on the CapEx side, we're going to save $200 million as a one-time CapEx savings from the One Fleet initiative and an ongoing about $20 million, $25 million a year from aging the fleet very methodically. So, there is no one thing and that's the issue, there is a lot of little things we got to do better across the whole enterprise and I think that's what the result show.
Noah Kaye: That's very helpful. Thank you. Second question, I think you'd signaled a target spend on M&A of around $100 million, I guess you spent about $30 million so far this year. How do you see the M&A landscape now? Are things heating up? How do you feel about kind of the near-term opportunities set? Do you think you'll get close to that $100 million after all?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So first I wouldn't say that the M&A pipeline is heating up, we would say that's fairly consistent. We think we will spend you know near the $100 million this year. We're looking to spend that very intelligently. So, it was very light in the front half of the year. We've got enough deals in process, we think to  again intelligently put that $100 million to work in the remainder of the year. So, we're going to continue to do that, as far as the pipeline looking forward, our estimates for next year would include that $100 million as well. So, again we're looking for the right companies. We're looking for the companies that are in our again tuck-in market where we can just basically tack them on to, built them on to existing operations. We're looking for good business with reoccurring revenue, right. So we're not buying junk. And again we're buying those things at about five times post synergy EBITDA. So, that's our outlook. We think we'll have the opportunity to do that this year and next year, as well.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Al Kaschalk of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Misha Levental: Hi, guys. This is Misha Levental on for Al. In terms of your progress converting customers over to waste  waste index and other fixed rates. Could you maybe talk about your expected progress for next year, should it be kind of consistent to what we saw this year or how do you guys see that tracking?
Donald W. Slager: Well it's a little hard to project that here, because as you can probably appreciate it's a little bit lumpy right. This is going to depend on timing of when certain contracts roll over and it's going to depend on size. So as we've said, we've started with smaller contracts and customers and moving into medium and larger. So it will get a little more difficult as time goes and we're also hoping to see that the market rationality will change along with us. So we've kind of led this process. Frankly, it has to continue to change because it's illogical for waste companies to enter into five year and seven year agreements with a CPI that averages 1.5%, when everyone in this industry will tell you that their cost increases, average to. So it's a logical that it would continue to be CPI based, we're setting the tone for that, we're starting to see certain market activity that would lead us to believe that it's being more and more well accepted by customers. So we're just going to keep at it. We're not going to enter into new agreements that have decreasing value over time. So it's just going to be work in progress, and we're going to have to just report as we go, because as I said, it's a little bit lumpy based on size of contract and timing.
Misha Levental: Great. And as a follow-up, the strength of volume is really quick. Thanks for the broader 2017 guidance and maybe understanding that further detail will come in February, but looking at volume versus this year, volume was better kind of in the front half of the year, kind of tailing down sequentially. Should we expect somewhat of a reverse trend or a similar trend in 2017, or what's the expectation there?
Charles F. Serianni: We're looking at volume growth to be relatively consistent from what we saw in 2016. And we'll give you more guidance on that in February.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So remember when we came out in Q1 of this year, we came out with really strong volume numbers and we warned everybody that it was a tough comp to last year. And we let everybody know that the volume was going to trend down over through the course of the year on a year-over-year basis. So, let's not get confused about tough comps and year-over-year analysis. We think the trends are solid, as I said in my earlier comments, we think the underlying fundamentals are strong. And again, we gave you preliminary outlook for 2017, which includes positive volume, positive yield and margin expansion, which is  again says that we believe our businesses are going to continue to improve and there's nothing on the horizon that makes us think otherwise.
Misha Levental: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Feniger of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Feniger: Yeah. Thanks, guys. We saw the impact you laid out this quarter from walking away from some national accounts and brokerage business. I'm just curious when we start thinking about 2017, I mean, could we see a similar headwind in 2017? Or do you see less room to walk away from that type of business or less of a headwind because of that?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're not giving 2017 guidance today, so we'll start there. Again, we are  we've stepped out and committed to a strategy that frankly doesn't include enabling brokers. And so, we don't think they are good for our business, we don't think they add value to our customers, and we're certainly not going to continue to basically provide services for brokers who basically won't pay us a proper return and frankly drive a wedge between us and our customers. So that model is underway, we're going to continue to work through it, we are part-way through it. We think the underlying volume trends in the overall economy and with our products and our attention to quality and the improvement in our sales force, we'll continue to reap the benefit of growth even as we shed business that's not profitable. So overall, we are just not going to enter into agreements to do business for practice, and we are not going to enable competitors along the way. So that's life as we see it at Republic Services. So, I hope all my team is listening.
Michael J. Feniger: Makes sense. And when we talk about the yield and specifically the price, the restricted pricing portion, you know, fell back again obviously because of CPI resets. I'm just curious, that 1.4%, is that the bottom now or is that actually going to step-down again in Q4 and the first half of 2017?
Charles F. Serianni: That should be close to the bottom. We would expect that to be close to the bottom.
Donald W. Slager: But I think the other thing to remember too is that you saw the step-up in the open market such that actually the overall yield actually improved sequentially, right. So we were able to more than overcome that step-down in CPI-based pricing, which is exactly what we thought we were going to do.
Michael J. Feniger: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And the next question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi Tyler. How are you?
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, good. Nice quarter. Hey Chuck, I know the 2017 outlook is preliminary, it's obviously subject to refinement. But can you give us any sense of the magnitude of EBITDA margin expansion? I mean, are you guys looking at closing in on 29%, or any color there?
Charles F. Serianni: You know, we'll give you a lot more color on that in February, obviously we  as Don had mentioned, we think that 30% EBITDA margins is something that is achievable over a number of years and we are certainly going to progress towards that goal in 2017.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Okay. That's good. And then just a quick housekeeping item, what should we expect for quarterly interest expense?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think you saw, Tyler, if you take a look at the quarterly interest expense that we talked about, which was $89 million or so total with $12 million of non-cash amortization, that's reflective of a full quarter post our transaction, so you can probably extrapolate that and get pretty close.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. And then Don, any updates on the coal ash side?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Let me pitch in on that last question, and then I'll let Al (33:58) talk to coal ash. Also keep in mind Tyler that the impact of the low CPI that we saw in 2015, that's anniversary out of the second half of 2017, that's going to be in our margin little bit in 2017. And then, the full benefits as I said earlier of the Customer Resource Center consolidation, that's really get till 2018, but if you ask every one of my team members about, are we focused on 30% margins, they'll tell you, yeah, we think the business can get there and then we've got plans in place to negate some of these headwinds and overcome it, so that's what we're thinking. On coal ash, there is not a lot of activity from our perspective, the couple of contracts that have been let, we weren't well-positioned geographically for those and they went really cheap. I'm frankly disappointed to see how cheaply they went. We still think coal ash is more of a 2018 story. And there'll be a big event that occurs and then it's going to be a business decline. So, it's not a business that we're going to put a lot of effort into to be in that space long-term, but we are situated geographically to take advantage of the volume, we certainly will, we got capacity, we're well situated around the states where this stuff is generated. And I think we'll get our fair share as long as the pricing is reasonable.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay. Cool. And then Brian, one quick question actually for Brian. Are you seeing any unusual inflation in your upper layers of insurance, something I've actually been hearing quite a lot about from the truckers, is there anything unusual going on there?
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: No, I mean when we take a look at how we've been able to renew our policies, I would say it's a relatively normal cost inflation. So we haven't seen anything abnormal to date.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay, cool. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Buscaglia of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And Don, can you expand, what did you mean on that coal ash comment that longer-term you guys don't see yourselves having quite as much of a hand in that?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I'd say this, look I mean it's a business that the  there's going to be over time less and less electricity produced by coal plants. So this big cleanup that's going to occur from all the stockpile of coal ash will be an event that lasts a number of years. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) All right.
Donald W. Slager: We will participate in that. Again remember, big generators are going to want to build monofills. So you're going to have to be  make a big dedicated play to give up a portion of your landfill to handle their needs. We can do that, we certainly are prepared to do that, we're in conversations to do that today, but over time after all the big cleanup is completed, whether people do it on site and they build their own landfills or whether we do it for them, over time there is going to be a decreasing amount of coal ash generated in this country based on regulation and based on the cheap cost of natural gas. So there are people who think just a regulation change alone is going to bring coal back, but I'll tell you with the cheap cost of natural gas that's  there is an economic decision there, right. So, we just have to wait and see. And again, we don't know yet how many of these producers are going do it themselves. We think that well-capitalized ones will, because again they can build it into their capital base, and they can make a return on it with their  with the rate payers. The smaller, less well-capitalized players may not. But I would sit here today and tell you that many of their generators don't really have a well-thought-out plan yet. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay.
Donald W. Slager: And remember, only one state so far has come out with rules. And while the Feds have passed the rules, only one state has passed rules, so the remaining states have not yet. So it's just still early. So what's the stat, how many landfills do we have in the states that produce this stuff?
Charles F. Serianni: About 10 states produce about 50% of the coal ash, and we've got over half our landfills in those states, we're very well-positioned.
Donald W. Slager: So on that alone, I think we'll play in this space, but we'll let you know as it evolves, it's just  we don't think it's a 2017 story. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Yeah. And recycling, I know that it's about 9% of your sales. It's coming off at lows, the commodities are up and the tonnage seems to be up. How much of your 2017 guidance is predicated on improvements in recycling or is that just the icing on the cake if we see...
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Well, as I said in my comments, our 2017 preliminary outlook is based on current trends in the business, which would mean current rates for... Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay.
Donald W. Slager: ... sales of material. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Great.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: Good afternoon. This is actually Brian in for Michael. Thank you for taking my questions.
Charles F. Serianni: Hi, Brian.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Brian.
Brian Butler: First one, just on the SG&A benefit from the legal settlement, that 40 basis points. Is that an ongoing benefit or was that a one-time thing that now reverses going forward or your legal fee is just going to be lower now that it's settled?
Charles F. Serianni: That was a one-time benefit and what that did, was negated a legal cost that we've incurred earlier in the year, so that  but that was one time.
Brian Butler: Okay. So we should think about SG&A going back to some normalized level and not that 40 basis been pulled out in the future.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Around 10.5% is what we are expecting.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then, just second follow-up on the 2017 preliminary guidance, not to try to get more out of it, but when you think about the CapEx, was there anything unusual in that 2017 or is that more just kind of normal pace that we've seen in kind of the 2016.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's more of a normal pace, more of the same. Our CapEx is pretty straightforward, we've got good visibility into the CapEx, there's nothing unusual that we're expecting in 2017.
Donald W. Slager: We'll continue to get benefit from methodically increasing the expected life of the fleet, through the One Fleet initiative as we've done for the last couple of years so that will continue now for couple of more years through that process, but just pretty consistent, that's one of the beauties of our business is, very consistent cash flow. We got a lot of our revenue under contract. Our CapEx draws is pretty consistent.
Brian Butler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Denise. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you, everyone for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Republic Services Second Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Senior Vice President of Finance.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' second quarter 2016 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call which is July 28, 2016. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. We're pleased with our second quarter results which were in line with our expectations and keep us well-positioned to achieve our full-year financial guidance. We continue to realize the benefits of executing our strategy of probable growth through differentiation which allows us to attract and retain high-value customers, build the best team, increase profitability and create long term value. During the second quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.55. EPS improved from the prior year, even with a $0.02 increase in the effective tax rate. Excluding the increases in taxes, EPS grew approximately 6%. Adjusted free cash flow grew 5% to $177 million and was in line with our expectations. Core price was 3.1% and average yield was 2%. We expect the average yield to remain relatively consistent with our second quarter performance for the remainder of the year. We continue to see the highest level of average yield in our small container commercial business. The majority of these customers are on open markets, where we can a leverage an increase in demand for service our enhanced product offerings and our digital platform. Second quarter volumes grew increased -- second quarter volumes increased50 basis points. As expected, volume growth moderated from the first quarter but remain positive. We continue to expect volume growth of approximately 1% for the year, consistent with our guidance. Cost of operations improved 20 basis points to 61.3% of revenue, from 61.5% in the prior year. There was a sequential improvement in most cost categories, including labor, maintenance and landfill operating costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin was consistent with the prior year at 28.3% of revenue. We incurred approximately $5 million of legal settlement costs during the quarter which impacted EBITDA margin by 20 basis points and reduced EPS by approximately $0.01. We saw EBITDA margin improvement in all lines of business, with the exception of residential. Pricing in the residential business continues to be impacted by below CPI environment. We launched and priced a tender transaction and new debt issuance which will reduce annual interest cost by $17 million or approximately $0.03 of EPS. These deals closed in early July. As part of our efficient capital allocation strategy, we returned approximately $400 million total cash to our shareholders, since the beginning of the year. This includes 4.2 million shares repurchased for $194 million. Additionally, our Board recently raised the quarterly dividend by approximately 7%. The annualized dividend is now $1.28 per share. Regarding our revenue enhancing and customer-facing initiatives, first, we now have approximately $340 million in annual revenue that uses a Waste Related Index for the annual price adjustment. These Waste Indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have consistently run higher than CPI. Additionally, we move $25 million annual revenue to a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. We made these changes for customers that want more certainty around future rate increases and we're confident that we can manage our cost structure at or below this level. Second, approximately 1.6 million customers are enrolled in our customer portal and mobile app, up 60% from the prior year. These tools significantly enhance our customer interaction and connectivity. Third, our eCommerce platform now has the capability for customers to purchase temporary large container and residential subscription services online. This addresses the evolving needs of our customers' buying preferences and provides a lower cost sales channel. Approximately 15% of residential subscription sales are coming through our eCommerce platform. And finally, we opened our second Customer Resource Center located in Phoenix. We expect to open our last Customer Resource Center in Indianapolis later this year. Regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost savings initiatives 17% of our total fleet now operates on natural gas; 73% of our residential fleet is currently automated; and 85% of our total fleet has been certified under our OneFleet Standardized Maintenance Program, up from 70% a year ago. We recently completed the final wave of our OneFleet implementations and expect the entire fleet will be certified by mid-2017. Recent recycled commodity prices have trended above the prior year by approximately $5 to $10 per ton. If prices remain at these levels for the balance of the year, we would expect to achieve the higher end of our EPS and free cash flow guidance ranges. When assessing other macro conditions, we continue to see a gradual improvement in the fundamentals that impact our business which was the premise for our 2016 business plan. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Don. Second quarter 2016 revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $39 million or 1.7% over the prior year. This 1.7% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 1.3% and acquisitions of 40 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows, first, total average yield growth of 2%; average yield in the collection business was 2.3% which includes 3.7% yield in the small container business ; 1.9% yield in the large container business; and 1.2% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1.1% which includes landfill MSW of 1.6%, a majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts that contain pricing restrictions. Total core price which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.1%. Core price consisted of 4.1% in the open market and 1.5% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our total volumes increased 50 basis points which was in line with our expectations. Volume growth moderated during the second quarter, mostly due to the mild winter conditions which favorably impacted our first quarter performance. Volumes in the collections business increased 30 basis points which included 2.9% increase from the large container business, a 10 basis point decline from the small container business and a 1.4% decline from the residential business. Within our large container business, temporary C&D hauls were up 6.5% and recurring hauls were up 2.1%. Temporary C&D hauls remain strong and continue to reflect an increase in construction-related activity. There was a 50 basis point impact to small container volume from not renewing select national accounts customers and shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers. We view these losses as non-regrettable. Our residential volume decline of 1.4% was due to not renewing certain contracts that did not meet our return criteria. These losses were known and contemplated in our full-year volume guidance. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 1.5%. Landfill volume increased 1.6% which consisted of MSW volume growth of 2.2% and C&D of 13.8%, partially offset by decline in landfill special waste of 1.1%. The decline in special waste relates to large event-driven volumes in the prior dear year that did not repeat. Third, fuel recovery fees decreased 1%. The change primarily relates to the decline in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased $2.30 in the second quarter from $2.85 in the prior year, a decrease of 19%. The current average diesel price is $2.38 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs through our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally, 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. Next, energy services revenue decreased 50 basis points. The decrease in energy services revenue primarily relates to a year-over-year decrease in drilling activity, resulting from a decline in the price of oil. Finally, commodity revenue increased 30 basis points. The increase in commodity revenue primarily relates to an increase in processing fees charged to third parties. This increase results from our initiative to transition to fee-based recycling model. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 3% to $116 per ton in the second quarter, from $113 per ton in the prior year. Second quarter total recycling volume of 648,000 tons was consistent with the prior year. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities was flat versus prior year. Now I will discuss changes in margin. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.3% and consistent with the prior year. Total cost of operations decreased to 61.3% from 61.5% in the prior year, resulting in 20 basis points of margin expansion. Sequentially, the year-over-year change in labor improved 30 basis points and maintenance improved 40 basis points. We expect maintenance expense, as a percentage of revenue, will be below prior-year levels as we exit the year. SG&A expenses were 10.4% of revenue compared to 10.2% in the prior year. The 20 basis point increase was due to settling certain legal matters from prior years. On a full-year basis, we expect SG&A expenses of 10.5% of revenue which represents a 30-basis point improvement from 2015. When looking at the detailed cost line items, as a percentage of revenue, there is an impact from the decrease in fuel recovery fees. For example, the 1% decline in fuel recovery fee revenue resulted in an increase in labor expense of 20 basis points and repairs and maintenance expense of 10 basis points. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Second quarter 2016 interest expense was $92 million which included $12 million of non-cash amortization. As Don mentioned, we recently completed several financing transactions. First, we refinanced our $1 billion credit facility that was maturing in May of 2017. Second, we tendered $575 million of debt with coupons ranging from 5.7% to 7.4%. And finally, we issued $500 million of 10-year senior notes with a 2.9% coupon. As a result of these transactions, we expect to save approximately $17 million in annual interest expense or approximately $0.03 of EPS. Our effective tax rate was approximately 38%. The lower tax rate in the second quarter resulted in a $0.01 EPS benefit from settling of federal tax matter. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the remainder of the year. Second quarter adjusted free cash flow was $177 million and year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $337 million. Both were in line with our expectations. We expect free cash flow generation will be weighted to the second half of the year due to the timing of capital expenditures and working capital. We remain comfortable with our full-year adjusted free cash flow guidance of $820 million to, $840 million. Now I will turn the call back over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, our second quarter results were consistent with our expectations and they keep us on track to achieve our full-year guidance. I'm proud of how the Republic team continued to execute our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. And our performance continues to reflect our hard work. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time in the call, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Core pricing did decelerate a little bit but yield has held steady. I think the spread between the two is about as small as we've seen in some time. I know one of your competitors has talked about must improved churn. I'm just curious if you're experiencing the same and can you talk a little bit about how PBS and Capture might be helping out there?
Chuck Serianni: Certainly, what we're seeing here is a benefit from PBS and from Capture and that's what's allowed us to decrease our churn by about 30 basis points sequentially. The other thing that we have in here, Tyler is the fact that we're very much focused on ensuring that we're charging for all the services that we performed and that would include things like delivery fees and extra pick-ups. So that's really the focus that we have placed on these new tools and charging for the services has really allowed us to drive down that churn.
Don Slager: Tyler this is Don. As you know PBS is fully rolled out. Capture has now been rolled out for some time. The adoption rates, utilization rates of those tools are very high. We've got great training programs in place to re-trained new hires. It's been really a great success for us. There is a lot of pull in the organization for those tools, professionalizing the sales team. As a backdrop to what Chuck said, defection has remained low at 7% and now we've had that low for a long time. Churn is improving, as Chuck said. The underlying fundamentals of small container business are strong. So just all around, a good steady business and really good execution by the sales organization. And year over year, another stat we like to look at cost or price of new sales compared to price of new sales from last year is also up and that's, again due to the new tools that we've got out there.
Tyler Brown: Chuck, this is a bigger picture question, but margins have been hanging around this 28% range for, I'd say, the past couple of years. I know publicly, you guys have talked about that there is really nothing structurally that precludes you from getting back to, say, that 30% margin profile. I know there's lots of internal initiatives but what are the real key levers to getting back to that range? Is it really about bending the cost curve or do you guys need some exogenous help from, say, CPI commodities? Is that what's going to help you get there?
Chuck Serianni: I think when we think about it longer term, we will need to be successful in terms of switching our customers from CPI to some other pricing index which we're very much focused in on. Obviously, a little bit of a tailwind from commodity pricing would help us also. But we're beginning to see margin expansion, right? So we had gross margin expansion during the quarter, 20 basis points, as I mentioned. The other thing is that we still feel comfortable saying that we're going to have gross -- our EBITDA margin expansion during the year. Part of that is going to come from just our continuing -- continual focus on cost, including maintenance and labor and also we're going to get a little bit of a benefit from the reversal of the workday. So we feel really good about the progress that we're making this year in terms of the cost side of the equation and we feel good about being able to get back to those 30% margins.
Don Slager: Remember, last time, we were north of 30% Tyler and given the size 31ish, we had better recycling commodity prices. We did not have the CPI environments. Those are two important macro things that you pointed out. But we're now seeing benefits coming through the P&L from the OneFleet initiative that is fully rolled out, as I said. We'll certify everybody by this time next year; that's starting to pay dividends. We will see the benefit start to happen next year in 2018 from the benefit of the reorg net of the CRC consolidations. Those start to roll in. Those are, I think, costs that will easily be able to achieve, based on what we have seen so far so there's a lot of good things in the works and again, there's always that next wave of initiatives that we haven't talked about yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Maybe we just start with the recycling part of the business? First of all, can you just remind us how far you are through that process of reworking the contracts? And how long you think that will take? And I think there's second part of that question be it -- I think recently, in particular, you put in place some pretty state-of-the-art automation on some of the recycling facilities. To what extent are you seeing that in a higher automation level helping you on the margin profile and helping the economics along? Thanks.
Don Slager: So let me start by just reminding everybody that the recycling business really is unique based on individual markets. So while on one hand, we continue to make strong investments in recycling. And we're very much committed to helping our customers do the right thing for the planet and to meet their sustainability goals. That only works for us in markets where customers are willing to pay for the service and where we've got a density and participation to make it work. So I say very often, that sustainability doesn't work without profitability and those are a couple of key issues. Customers really need to value it and we need to have density and participation to make it work. So while we made some great state-of-the-art investments, as you pointed out. We have won some awards, frankly, for some of our innovation in and around recycling. At the same time, we've also had to close some low-volume facilities that were antiquated and where we don't have enough participation to make recycling work. It can't work as a loss leader. So how far are we in the process of really reinventing or reimagining recycling? Again you think about our business being only about 10% of revenues in recycling. It's, again, you think about our business being only about 10% of revenues in recycling. One of the most volatile parts of our business has been as we just spoke to Tyler about the commodity pricing environment. While it's starting to move up a little bit. It started out very low in the year. Maybe it's going to come back even stronger in the second half, we will have to see. But two components of recycling, one, is processing where we take in material to our facilities from third parties and then one is collection. On the processing side, about 40% of the volume we take in on processing we've adjusted or have favorable terms so where those customers who actually share in the risk and the upside of the material and the market prices. So those are good contracts. The remaining 18% of those customers in the processing side of our business are -- the remaining customer are going to come due for renegotiation over the 18 months. So over the next 18 months, we will negotiate to get to fairer terms there. And then on the collection side, that really resides primarily in our residential municipal business and we're working with our municipal partners to help understand this issue and we're renegotiating contracts as we go through time. Those contracts tend to be longer term so I would say we're just still very in early -- in the very early innings with that. But most of the -- that dialogue is met with practical solutions and people understand that it's got to work for both sides of the partnership so we're just going to continue to work through it and continue to invest where it makes sense.
Noah Kaye: I'd like to ask you a question on the relationship between increasing customer profitability and some of the technology initiatives that you're adopting and you mentioned that you've seen good progress on customer churn continuing to trend lower. I would also think with some of the early events that telematics and raw optimization technologies that you've got; it's becoming easier to pinpoint the types of accounts that will improve raw density and integrate profitability so to what extent should we continue to expect that to be a tailwind for you, as basically a secular technology benefit?
Don Slager: Well, just to be clear, we have been using route-based tech -- computer-based technology for routing for a long time, right? GPS-type systems and geocoding, that's not new technology for us. We will continue to improve the utilization of those systems but that's not going to be a big lever for us to pull. We're going to just get incrementally better year-on-year and continue to improve as the tools improved. But we've been using those tools for a long time so I don't want to leave you the impression that our routes aren't highly efficient or densely routed because that's one of the reasons our margins are 28% because the density model of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Can you just talk about -- I thought your topline was a little bit -- just a touch less than I was expecting and if you break it down, it looks like I think expectations might have been a little bit high from Q1 with -- on the volume side but they were pretty much in line, although there were some interesting puts and takes when you start breaking down the volume. Can you just talk about each or the ones that -- highlight the ones that met your expectations or maybe were a little bit lighter? I know there's a lot going on with comps and --
Don Slager: Yes, we'll tag team this. Let's start off by setting the context, right? We had a pretty strong volume growth rate in Q1 but we reminded everybody that, that was just kind of a strange comp year over year. We had a very mild winter compared with a very tough winter the year before and we said to everybody that, look, our guidance for volume has been for the year was 0.5% to 1%. And we're saying now that our volume growth is going to be about 1%, right? So it really is in line in total and -- as far as an exit speed this year, with what we expected, frankly, maybe even to the high end of that.
Chuck Serianni: What I would add to that also is that we did see, as I mentioned before, we did see a step-down in residential volumes and that's because of certain contracts that we did not renew because they didn't meet our return criteria so keep that in mind also. The other thing is that you've got a 50 basis point sequential decline in volume, just due to the additional work day so that's obviously something that's driving the topline in a pretty significant manner. But as Don mentioned, we still remain comfortable with our guidance of hitting about 1% for the year in volume guidance which, as you mentioned, is that the upper end of our original guidance range.
Don Slager: So obviously, a lot of this recovery has been led by our C&D business which continues to perform for us. We mentioned that churn rates are good. We mentioned, I think, defections stayed low. We're seeing container weights increase slightly. We're seeing service increases versus decreases continue to be incrementally favorable. So all those underlying things that point to -- continue to strengthen and fundamentals are there and we're also just being smart about pricing. I guess the last thing is and we mentioned it in the comments is we have walked away from some broker business and we have determined that, that broker model hasn't really favored the Company. And so we have intentionally shed some of that business over the last couple of quarters so that -- you net that out, obviously, the numbers are quite a bit more favorable.
Andrew Buscaglia: And can you talk a little bit just looking at the top line as well. It looks like the tuck-in was a little bit lower than normal. Just curious what you're seeing in the private market. It sounds like things have quieted down with that. You also may have had some divestitures in there, so--?
Don Slager: We were a little slow out of the gate this year but we're confident that we will intelligently spend $100 million or so in and around tuck-ins. again/We're focused primarily in on tuck ins because of the return profile of those. And as you know, these things are kind of lumpy. But we've got a good pipeline and we've got a number of deals that we're working on now that we think will come through for the second half of the year and we will be right where we said we would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Corey Greendale: First question I had is actually on the special waste environment. We do this survey every quarter and it -- the results of the survey said everything was strong but special waste looked a little weak. I don't know if it's just a quirk in our survey so wondering what you were seeing?
Don Slager: For us, Q2 is, again, from a comp perspective a little tougher for us because we had a pretty large job last year on the West Coast that did not repeat and again, you know that again, a big job like that, you've got to throw off your year-over-year comparison. Our first half special waste was -- remained about 3% above our three-year average so overall, we're still trending in -- we think in a good way. So remember, too, that a portion of our special waste is manufacturing related, that manufacturing waste is reccurring while you stream and those continue to be very stable and strong. And then the event business, similarly related to land clearing and construction, tends to be sporadic. That's what we're seeing. It's not that unusual that we would see these kind of movements. So we're -- I know overall construction remains pretty positive for us. So we think over the long term, we're still in pretty good shape there.
Corey Greendale: Okay and then I actually had a question on recycling. The -- as you have done some restructuring in that business, I imagine we've all been focused on what happens when commodity prices are down; now it's actually trending up. Is there a formula you can give us? I think in the K, you've given us a formula each $10 per ton change. Does X to revenue and operating income, how that formula changes as you've restructured those contracts?
Don Slager: I think the formula is basically the same so for every $10 change in commodity prices for our basket of commodities it has about $0.03 in EPS impact on the business.
Corey Greendale: And you all see that changing -- sorry?
Don Slager: Well, it will change as we continue to change the contract. So what we'll do, Corey, is when we make enough progress, we'll reevaluate it and we'll update then -- probably and hopefully by the time we get to guidance next year, we'll have a new view of that.
Corey Greendale: I'm going to ask One real last quick one if you'll let me which is Chuck, can you give us-- which quarter do you expect the reversal of the extra day to hit?
Chuck Serianni: It's going to hit in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Box of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box: So I appreciate the comments earlier that you guys have narrowed the gap between core price and yield and maybe I'm reading into the a bit much but when you look at core price, your open market component in Q2 was 4.1%; that's down from where it was that in 1Q and it's down from I think it was 4.8% last year. I guess I would have thought that, that this lever would have been pulled a little bit harder given the restricted component is down on CPI. Is there anything that we can point to that would maybe explain some of the moderation or is it just tough comps?
Chuck Serianni: I think we need to keep in mind that core price includes the anniversarying of recycling collection prices that we pushed real hard in Q1 of last year. So because those anniversaried, we had a little bit of a headwind in core price but as we mentioned before, even though we had that headwind, we were able to keep average yield consistent at 2%.
Don Slager: And Joe, our expectation is with, one, our focus on price and our internal controls around price and then our tools and Tyler mentioned synergy -- our Capture and PBS so with our tools, we keep a very close eye on that. We're rewarding salespeople for selling intelligently so we think and plus the market the general market has been strong. Growth has been there and our whole strategy around growth differentiation. We think our value proposition to our customers continues to improve, right? All of that directionally says that we think we're going to continue to experience decent pricing in the open market because we will earn it and we can help offset some of these costs that we just can't normally offset through productivity so nothing has really changed in our MO or in the overall structure of the market.
Joe Box: So then it's fair to say then that some of your bigger open market classes or products like commercial and landfill are good probably seeing similar, if not better core pricing?
Don Slager: Well, remember on landfill, specifically MSW, most of the waste that comes in is municipal under long term contracts. We have very little open market MSW coming into our landfills any more, just because we have priced those assets according to what a realistic return is for running a landfill. So but we do see decent pricing across the board.
Joe Box: And then Don, just a question for you on some of the customer-facing initiatives that you alluded, the eCommerce in the release. I certainly get that this is aimed at reducing churn and if you do that, you guys could boost revenue and margins. So I'm curious, have you started to see the meaningful reduction in churn from the systems. And I guess more generally, when you guys think about pursuing a project like this, how do you measure the returns associated with it and what's your expected payback period?
Don Slager: Well, two things, right? The rollout of click-to-buy or eCommerce tools, right? We -- as I said in my commentary, we're already seeing very high percentage of new business coming through in those markets where we rolled it out. So the return comes from the fact that, that new business shows up with a lower cost of acquisition because basically people are self-serving, right? They are shopping online; they're making the business -- the buying choice without having the interface with a live human being knocking on doors. And then secondly, those online purchases tend to be and have been at a higher than average price because the convenience of shopping online has value. On top of that, those purchases have come with, frankly, a higher degree of contract compliance where customers are opting in for -- to a service agreement because of the convenience of everything. So all of those things have value and now that the tools are proven, they are really user friendly and now they are rolled out almost across all of our markets. We have to just continue to push participation and the payback will be there. And frankly, if you look around the consumerism, that's where it is today. And we've been probably a little late to the game as an industry but I think as an industry, we're probably ahead of many of the other people out there and certainly smaller competitors who don't have the capability or the resources to do this and that's, of course, part of our differentiation strategy, right? We've got to meet customers where they want to be, they want to do business they want do business, so overall, it's just one more slice of how we're going to compete in the market? How we're going to grow revenue intelligently and how we're going to do it ultimately at a lower cost to acquire.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: So on the volume side, did that -- do you see any -- of the underlying volume, did you see any discernible trends through the quarter and is it on track through July?
Don Slager: Yes, I would say that we're on track. We're exactly where we thought we be. I actually -- as we said before, we're at the high end of our guidance right now. So we feel very comfortable with the volume growth we've seen in the velocity that we have for the rest of the year.
Michael Feniger: Okay and was there anything specific, any region or were there any slowdown as you went through the quarter?
Don Slager: No, this is Don. I would say it's very broad-based across geographies, across most lines of business. So again, it's a -- we talk about the fundamentals being strong. We talk about the fact that we're still mid-cycle in the recovery. All of those things are pointing in the right direction. So we think it's a solid quarter and as Chuck said, we're reiterating guidance. We're saying that we think we'll l perform to the high end of that, as long as commodities hold up and the volume side as well. So we're pretty pleased with how the business is performing today and the economy is cooperating.
Michael Feniger: Just my last question, I think restricted pricing was 1.5%. Is this the bottom that we should see with how we've been seeing CPI trend or is this going to take another step lower in the second half of the year?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, this is pretty much the bottom right now in terms of restrictive pricing. Obviously, we've got a little bit of a CPI headwind in the second half of the year but that's already contemplated in our guidance. But the should be close to the bottom right now.
Don Slager: Yes, because what you will see probably sequentially, Mike, right, is that as we -- the majority of our price resets right around the second half of the year, right? So you're going to start picking up the 2015 CPI environment in the restricted pricing in the second half of 2016 and into the first half of 2017. But the one thing obviously is that we're going to maintain this 2% average yield and the way we're going to do that is with a little bit better pricing in the open market. Chuck talked about some of the recycling collection pricing that we did last year Q2 that anniversaried to bring it more in line with what we charged on the solid waste side and we're going to see more of that in the second half of this year to offset the CPI headwind, right?
Chuck Serianni: And on top of that we're also going to continue to convert people to the alternative indices and we're also going to deal with the -- some of the pricing that we have today in and around the recycling to make that fair for us. That's going to continue to happen through this cycle and then as we've always said, a little bit of inflation is good and if we see some of that come through that, at some point, will help us well.
Don Slager: But also remember, right, we've been managing in this low CPI environment for quite a long time now and I think we've done it pretty effectively. So If you think about the number of years we've -- what's it, 1.6% average CPI?
Chuck Serianni: 1.1% over the last verdict.
Don Slager: We maintained our margins. We continue to produce strong free cash so this business is built to withstand it and I think there's upside on the horizon. So --
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: This is Brian Butler in for Michael today. The first question, just on the margins. In the first half, on EBITDA margins, first and second quarters it was down, I think around 40 or 50 basis points and when you think about getting to the midpoint or the high end of your guidance, that means there's about another 120 -- 100 to 120 basis points in the second half. How should we think about that from a waiting perspective in third and fourth quarters? Was that more back-end weighted to the fourth quarter where you see much stronger margins or is it going to be more even?
Don Slager: So right now, keep in mind that here in the second quarter, the EBITDA margins were 28.3%, right? So consistent with last year, had a little bit of a headwind as we had mentioned in those margins because those legal settlements that we had talked about. So if you back those out, you're close to that 28.5% that we had guided to for the year. In the back half of the year, we continue to see strong EBITDA margins. keep in mind that work day that I had talked about will also benefit the margins in the fourth quarter of the year so right now, we still feel very comfortable with our EBITDA margin guidance.
Chuck Serianni: And we have said, our operating costs are improving, right? We think that continues through the second half; again, this legal settlement doesn't repeat. Those are the things that will continue to pull that EBITDA margin up through the end of the year.
Don Slager: Brian, you are probably going to see a heavier weighting to Q4 than Q3 again because of the workday that Chuck mentioned, we're going to get a benefit from that but also we have an easier comp in the fourth quarter from the EBITDA margin performance in the prior year so most of it will be weighted to Q4.
Brian Butler: Okay and what was the benefit from the day? Did you guys give that?
Chuck Serianni: Well, just think of it this way is that in the first quarter when we actually had one extra day, it was about 50 basis point drag on margin so think of something similar in Q4 but obviously flipping the other way.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then I just on a follow-up question, when you talked a little bit on the service upgrades looking better, can you give a little bit more color on those trends on the commercial side of the business and are you seeing any recessionary signs for many of the commercial customers?
Don Slager: No, the trends are just moderately incrementally better but nothing negative.
Chuck Serianni: We continue to get strong price on the small container piece of the business, once again for the quarter, it was 3.7% for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Misha Levental of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Misha Levental: Just wanted to turn to the residential side for a second and the contracts you decided not to renew, I get the reason for shedding unprofitable volumes but just wondering what happens to these volumes? And where do the volumes go and how much capacity do you guys have left to shed?
Don Slager: Well, I guess, I won't share with you what we think we have to shed because frankly, we go into this thinking that as contracts come up for renewals, that because of our relationships, because of our great service, because of all the work we're doing to improve the customer interfaces, we think we'll be able to extend the business. But this issue of having some contract losses is just the nature of our business for as long as we have been doing this. The point I'm pointing to it is that we had this little CPI environment for many years. We've taken it on the chin with certain customers and we get to a point of renegotiation and we have to express to a customer that when we entered into this agreement five or 10 years ago, we expected to see a 3% or 3.25% price increase as we modeled in old CPI. Instead, we have seen 1.6% or less price increase and our costs are going up at 2% or 2.25%. If a customer's not willing to understand the cost model and thinks that we're going to take another price reduction to go forward and it doesn't meet our return criteria, even though we may love the customer and enjoy being good citizen and good part of the community, we've got to have a return that's appropriate. So this is just business. Right now we're just pointing out that we expected to lose some of those contracts in Q2. That's why we saw the -- one of the reasons we saw the reduction from 2% volume growth in Q1 to 0.5%. I don't want to blow it out of proportion, it's just part of the business but it gets a little lumpy and when it happens, we've got to point it out. But at the same time, we're having a lot of other successes in extending business and improving our work and our value, building strong relationships. Bringing the better service and the differentiation model that we talk about so overall, net-net of net, directionally, the economy has been good to us. The Company is growing, our people are executing, the initiatives are deployed and we're seeing the benefits in the numbers. The quarter is performing right in line with where we thought we would be. And we're, again, saying that we're on top of our guidance and we expect it to hit at the upper end if we continue with just the same pricing -- or in commodity sales. So don't blow that out of proportion.
Misha Levental: Okay. And just turning really quick to -- of the refinancing that you guys accomplished, is there any additional room or opportunity for additional refinancings down the road or what's the state of affairs over there?
Brian DelGhiaccio: This is Brian. The reality of it is that we start seeing a number of maturities coming due beginning in 2018, right? So I think we've got maturities every year from 2018 through 2023 so that's the more likely scenario, as those maturities come to term, you will see us then obviously issue new debt at the market rates at that point in time.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, I will turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Nicole. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you all for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Republic Services first quarter 2016 investor conference call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Vice President of Finance. Please go-ahead, sir.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter 2016 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 28, 2016. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings and our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's Web site at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participate in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our Web site. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We're pleased with our first quarter results, which were in line with our expectations and keep us well-positioned to achieve our full year financial guidance. We continue to realize the benefits of executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation, which allows us to attract and retain higher value customers, build the best team, increase profitability and create long-term value. During the first quarter, we reported adjusted EPS of $0.48 and adjusted free cash flow of $160 million. Both were in line with our expectations. Core price was 3.4% and average yield was 2%. This was the fifth consecutive quarter with average yield of 2% or more. Average yield was strongest in our small container commercial and large container industrial businesses, where a majority of the business is in the open markets. In these open markets, we have great flexibility and can realize more pricing power from our enhanced product offering and improved service delivery and by leveraging our priority-based selling program and our Capture pricing tool. First quarter volumes increased 2.5%. This included 50 basis points of contribution from one additional work day. Volume growth is concentrated to the event-driven waste streams, including construction and demolition in our collection and disposal businesses and landfill special waste. While a portion of this volume growth can be attributed to favorable weather conditions during the quarter, we saw broad-based volume growth across most of our markets. Additionally, Landfill MSW volumes grew 4.7%. This was the fifth straight quarter where MSW volume growth exceeded 3%. First quarter EBITDA margin was 27.8%. It should be noted that the additional work day resulted in a 50 basis point margin headwind, which will not repeat in future quarters. We returned $191 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This included 1.9 million shares repurchased for approximately $87 million. Regarding our revenue enhancing and customer-facing initiatives, first, we now have approximately $325 million in annual revenue that uses a waste-related index for the annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and have consistently run higher than CPI. Second, approximately 1.4 million customers are enrolled in My Resource, our customer portal and mobile app, which significantly enhances our customer interaction and connectivity. Finally, we opened our first customer resource center in Charlotte, North Carolina. The center further enhances our customers experience through a more professionally trained customer service team, improved technology and additional communication channels. We expect to open the other two customer resource centers later this year. Regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost-saving initiatives, 16% of our total fleet now operates on natural gas. 73% of our resi fleet is now currently automated and 81% of our total fleet has been certified under our OneFleet maintenance program, up from 64% a year ago. We are expediting the timeline to get our entire fleet through the program by June of this year and fully certified by mid-2017. During the quarter, we completed a realignment of our organizational structure. This included the elimination of our regional teams, consolidation and reduction of our areas by 50%, and streamlining select positions at our Phoenix headquarters. We reinvested a portion of the cost savings back into the remaining area offices by creating additional operating and functional support roles, which puts resources closer to our business and our customers. We were able to make these changes as a result of developing standardized processes, with rigorous controls and further leveraging our scale. At the same time, we maintained our high performance business culture with field management, retaining full accountability and P&L responsibility. The savings from the realignment are funding the investments we are making in our customer-focused initiatives in 2016 and 2017. We expect these initiatives and the realignment will contribute approximately $35 million of annual cost savings beginning in 2018. Before the turn the call over to Chuck, Id like to provide an update on our recycling business. As many of you know, recycled commodity values have always been somewhat volatile. However, the industry has never experienced such a sustained downturn in commodity pricing. We continue to evolve our recycling strategy to adapt to this new normal. We are focusing on three key areas to evolve our business model. First, as part of our realignment, we centralized management oversight and accountability for recycling processing operations. The new organizational structure ensures clear ownership for the recycling and processing market vertical, provides additional expertise and support to our recycling and collection operations. Second, we're transitioning to a fee-based recycling processing model. This model ensures we can cover our processing costs and earn an acceptable return on our processing investments. Under this model, we are including provisions to incentivize communities to bring us high-quality materials. This includes the right to conduct waste stream audits and assess contamination fees and glass surcharges. Finally, were optimizing our recycling and collection business. Many municipal customers still believe there is significant value in the waste stream and are not aware of the cost to recover the material. Currently, our municipal sales team is focusing on educating municipal staff and elected officials on the all-in cost of recycling in these low commodity markets. Although we're still in the early innings, we're making progress. We transitioned our largest municipal processing agreement to a fee-based structure, negotiated a rebate reduction with a large customer on the East Coast, and added a glass surcharge with a large customer in Texas. Our customers have told us they value recycling and are willing to pay for these services. Our collective actions to improve the performance of our recycling business is intended to create a model for Republic and our recycling customers that ensures profitability and, therefore, supports its long-term sustainability. Chuck will now discuss our financial results.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Don. First quarter 2016 revenue was approximately $2.2 billion, an increase of $79 million or 3.6% over the prior year. This 3.6% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.4% and acquisitions of 1.2%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, total average yield growth of 2%. Average yield in the collection business was 2.4%, which includes 3.6% yield in the small container commercial business, 2.3% yield in the large container industrial business, and 1% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1%, which includes Landfill MSW of 1.5%. A majority of our third-party Landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts that contain pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.4%. Core price consisted of 4.5% in the open market and 1.7% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our total volumes increased 2.5% year-over-year. This includes 50 basis points of contribution from one additional work day. The following discussion of volume by line of business excludes the impact of the additional workday. The collection business increased 1.4%, which includes increases from the large container business of 5.1% and the small container business of 20 basis points. As expected, the residential business declined 10 basis points. With our large container business, temporary C&D volumes were up 13% and recurring volumes were up 2.9%. Our small container volume performance of 20 basis points includes a 40 basis point decline due to not renewing select national accounts customers and work performed on behalf of brokers. We view these losses as non-regrettable. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 5.5%. Landfill volume increased 6.8%, which includes MSW of 4.7%, C&D of 17.8% and special waste of 8.7%. While C&D volumes and landfill volumes were broad-based geographically, we saw above-average volume growth in the areas of the country that experienced milder winter conditions. At the same time, we saw heavier rainfall in certain areas of the country. In these areas, we experienced higher disposable expense due to heavier container weights and additional leachate management costs. We believe these additional costs were directly related to the wet weather and expect these costs will return to planned levels for the remainder of the year. Third, fuel recovery fees decreased 140 basis points. The change relates to decline in the cost of fuel which decreased approximately $23 million compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.08 in the first quarter from $2.92 in the prior year, a decrease of 29%. The current average diesel price is $2.20 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs through our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally, 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. Next, energy services revenue decreased 60 basis points. The decrease in energy services revenue primarily relates to a decrease in drilling activity resulting from a decline in oil prices. The energy services revenue decline includes a decrease in Tervita-related volumes from the date of acquisition and a decline in E&P volumes at our solid waste landfills. Finally, commodity revenue decreased 10 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 10% to $100 per ton in the first quarter from $111 per ton in the prior year. First quarter total recycling volume of 621,000 tons represents an increase of approximately 7% from the prior year. Volumes were approximately 1% on a same-store basis. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities was relatively flat with the prior year. Now, Ill discuss changes in margin. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.8% which compares to 28.9% in the prior year. The change includes a 50 basis point decline from the additional workday, a 20 basis point decline from net fuel and a decline of 40 basis points from an increase in healthcare-related expenses. Regarding the increase in healthcare costs, we self-insure employee medical claims. In the first quarter, we saw an increase in large claims, primarily resulting from non-work-related injuries and one-time incidents. We did not make any changes in our plan structure and our third-party administrator confirmed these were not inflationary type increases. We expect healthcare costs return back to planned levels for the remainder of the year. When looking at other cost line items as a percentage of revenue, there is an impact from the decrease in fuel recovery fees and the sale of commodity revenue. For example, the 1.5% decline in these revenues resulted in an increase in labor expense as a percentage of revenue of 30 basis points and repairs and maintenance expense of 20 basis points. SG&A costs were 10.7% of revenue and in line with our expectations. These costs improved 30 basis points compared to the prior year. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. First quarter 2016 interest expense was $93 million, which includes $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was approximately 38%. The lower tax rate in the first quarter reflects a $0.01 EPS benefit from settling estate tax matter. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the remainder of the year. First quarter adjusted free cash flow was $160 million and in line with our expectations. During the quarter, we spent $275 million or approximately 31% of our annual projected capital expenditures. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, our first quarter results were consistent with our expectations and keep us on track to achieve our full-year guidance. Im proud of how the Republic team continued to execute our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation and our performance reflects our hard work. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Andrew Buscaglia of Credit Suisse. Please go-ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Nice quarter.
Don Slager: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Can you just talk a little bit about your volume? So were seeing strength across, not just with you, but with your peers, can you just talk about if this surprised you in the quarter? I know theres a lot going on with milder weather and extra workday. But does this surprise you and is this inflection were seeing with strength sustainable in your opinion?
Don Slager: Yes. So I dont think the extra workday surprised us. The weather was certainly  if you compare the weather in Q1 to Q1 last year, the weather was much milder, which we like. The standard answer we tend to give in Q1 on this kind of thing is that a big, important quarter for us is Q2, Andrew, as we see the normal seasonality return. So were very happy with the trends. We know theres a lot of good construction activity going on out there thats driving our volume growth. As I said in my comments, a lot of this is kind of the event business. Construction, special waste doing well. So wed like to think it will continue into Q2. Again, the weather comp would be a different than Q2 over last year. But there is no doubt that its fairly robust out there.
Andrew Buscaglia: I missed what you said before with your guidance for volume. I know you had said 0.5% to 1% last quarter. But I guess were just waiting here on Q2 to see if it is sustainable before you guys feel comfortable.
Don Slager: Look, we would say that our volume guidance  we probably feel like its going to be closer to the high end of that range based on how strong Q1 was. So thats the math we are trying to do. We would agree with it. Keep in mind, we gave that guidance because weve got a little bit of loss business coming up in some of the residential contracts that we expect to lose because we couldnt negotiate reasonable rates to extend the business. So we know thats coming later in the year that will offset a little bit, but well see probably volume at the higher end of the range.
Chuck Serianni: So, Andrew, you can expect to see residential volumes approximately negative 1% because of the losses that Don had talked about for the full year and thats what brings us closer to the 1% total volume growth.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. All right, thank guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Hansa Mazzarri of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible]. Im filling in for Hansa. Thanks for taking the question. You guys mentioned in the past about converting the CPI index contracts into an alternative index that better suits your costs. Can you just give us some color on whether this conversion process is going slower or faster than you guys anticipated? Is it getting easier as you convert more?
Don Slager: So I said in my comments, were up to $325 million now. Thats quite a bit more than 10% of our total. I think were picking up a little bit of speed. I would say its  I think, lets say, its getting easier because our people are getting more confident in their ability to have the conversation with customers. As I probably said you before, its all about fairness, coming up with an escalator that both the customer and the provider can live with thats fair based on reasonable inflationary costs. So were making headway. Well continue to do so. I think the market is becoming more  I would say more adjusted to it. And so, well see how it goes through time. But were fairly positive.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And just one follow-up question. Customer churn, how is that trending versus a year ago in terms of the competitive environment? Whats going on with that?
Don Slager: Yeah. So defection, if were talking about defection, thats pretty flat compared to last year. And customer churn, overall, is flattish, but I would say, on a longer trajectory, we continue to see the benefits of our pricing tools, Capture, et cetera, to help us to do a better job with churn.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, guys. Appreciate it. Thanks for taking questions.
Don Slager: Thanks.
Chuck Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Don Slager: Hi, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Just wanted to go through a couple of cost items. So first off, we saw maintenance and repairs were up 10%. I get it that we have some acquisitions, you had the extra day. But 10% seems kind of heady here particularly when revs were up maybe 4% and 81% of the fleet is under the new initiative. Can you talk a little bit about when you would expect to see that unit cost inflation and maintenance and repair to start going the other way?
Chuck Serianni: Sure. So we expect right now that cost as a percentage of revenues for maintenance will decline sequentially for the remainder of the year. We also expect that exiting 2016 that that cost will be lower than what we experienced in 2015. So I would say that the trajectory is going in the right direction here.
Tyler Brown: Youre expecting the actual physical cost to be down in 2017, is that what youre saying?
Chuck Serianni: The cost as a percentage of revenue.
Tyler Brown: Okay, okay.
Chuck Serianni: And when youre looking at the costs year-over-year on a dollar basis, Tyler, keep in mind that about half of that increase almost is due to volume and acquisitions. Youve got some timing issues in there also with some heavy equipment. And then, as Don had mentioned, were making a push right now to get this OneFleet maintenance initiative all the way through the organization. So thats whats causing this to be a little bit higher on a dollar basis year-over-year.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So it sounds like it pays off more kind of as a percentage of revenue in 2017. And then, Chuck, real quick, can you go back over the healthcare expense? So how much was it in gross dollars? And just to be clear, youre not expecting that to recur?
Chuck Serianni: So were not expecting it to recur. Its about $9 million in terms of dollars on a year-over-year basis. When we look at the portfolio claims that we got during the first quarter, it had to do with, what we would say, very unusual items. So think about complications associated with implants. Think about gastrointestinal infections. These arent types of claims that we typically get. Most of our claims are musculoskeletal. This is totally unusual for us. And we talked to our experts about this, and they said, yes, its very unusual for you. Its very unusual for companies in the transportation industry. But in their experience, on the portfolio of businesses that they look at, every once in a while, you have one of these Black Swan events. We continue to monitor the expenses in April and they are actually coming down to normalized levels. And so, that gives us more confidence saying that this was a one-time blip in these claims.
Don Slager: Yeah, Tyler, you can tell by Chucks detailed answer that we spent a lot of time digging into this claim data. So we think that Q1 is somewhat of an anomaly here.
Tyler Brown: Okay. No, thats good. Thats two. Ill call hop back in queue.
Don Slager: All right.
Operator: And the next question will come from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Corey Greendale: Hey, good afternoon.
Don Slager: Hi, Corey.
Chuck Serianni: Hi, Corey.
Corey Greendale: Maybe for Chuck or whoever wants to take this, the free cash flow in the quarter, its softer relative to what weve seen in the past few years for Q1 seasonality. Can you just address that? It looks like some working capital things are moving around. But is it in line with what you expected and should we expect the seasonality to be different this year?
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So absolutely in line with what we had expected. When you look at it quarter-over-quarter, youve got about $70 million more CapEx during 2016 than we had in 2015. Thats associated with truck purchases that we made, having to do with some contracts in Northern California. And then we had some working capital items also. So the timing of payroll, we actually had an extra payroll during the quarter. Also, higher incentive compensation that was paid during the quarter versus last year. So all timing related. And still feel very comfortable with our annual guidance of $820 million to $840 million.
Don Slager: And, Corey, one of the ways you may want to think of it too is, if you take a look at $160 million that we reported in the first quarter, if you normalize the CapEx, so had we only purchased 25% of full year guidance, that would have added $50 million to our performance, which wouldve put us around $210 million. You can do the math on that and see what that extrapolates to the year.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And then maybe my second question, also on the cost side, did I understand  Chuck, did you say that fuel was a net negative to margin? Can you just repeat that? And then, is the full benefit of taking out the layer of management, was that in Q1? Or should we expect some more cost reduction in Q2 versus Q1?
Chuck Serianni: Okay. So in terms of the impact of the net fuel on margins, it was about 20 basis points of negative. So keep in mind that what youre doing is youre pulling that revenue off, and so its having an adverse impact on the margins overall. So that was about 20 basis points. In terms of the initiatives, during the quarter, we had about $3 million in savings. We expect that to go up, maybe closer to $5 million to $6 million in savings on a quarterly basis. But also keep in mind that what we had guided to was the fact that we would have some initiative investments during the year that would offset that. So I would say that, right now, were right on track in terms of our initiative savings or realignment savings.
Corey Greendale: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Joe Box of KeyBank Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box: Hi, guys.
Don Slager: Hi, Joe.
Chuck Serianni: Hi, Joe.
Joe Box: So I just want to dig into the margin a little bit further. Your EBITDA margins are down 110 basis points. And if you add back the extra day, which is 50 basis points, it sounds like 40 or so basis points from healthcare problems, call it about a 20 basis point headwind. Im just curious, if you were to normalize some of those other elevated expenses, whether its leachate or disposal costs, where do you think that EBITDA margin wouldve shaken out, Don?
Don Slager: Lets think about it this way, Joe. You look at the EBITDA margin that we reported, 27.8%, add back, to your point, 40 basis points for the health expense. And then keep in mind that, during Q1, you had your seasonally highest SG&A. So were 10.7% versus our guidance of about 10.5% for the year. Its another 20 basis points. So a total of 60 basis points. Add that back to the 27.8% and you get 28.4%, which is right in line with our guidance for the year.
Joe Box: Okay. Maybe switching gears to the recycling side, can you maybe talk to how long it might take to adapt this fee-based recycling model and maybe at what current recycling prices are  how out of whack do you think the revenues are relative to your processing costs? Im just trying to understand what the overall benefit could be as this gets absorbed into the system.
Don Slager: Well, starting out, lets back up to recent year highs. In recycling, today, we are down over like $120 million
Chuck Serianni: $70 a ton.
Don Slager: Yeah, right. So thats what we were enjoying, whatever it was, seven, eight years ago. So we realigned the organization, so we said it will be focused on getting better profitability cost structure on the processing side. Those folks are doing a great job at that. We need to migrate that over to the collection side now and into some of the hauling contracts. Its going to take a little while. We probably have some routes out there that are dense enough that may never have enough participation or density to make sense, so were going to be addressing that in the open market certainly and maybe even some other contractual stuff. Weve got to make more headway with our municipal partners. And as I said in my comments, weve got some examples where were negotiating glass surcharges. Were taking glass out. We are changing the rebate structure, the fee-based etc. So were getting better at it, but we are very, very early innings. I think we are much farther along in moving the municipal contracts to the new index. Weve got more momentum there. Were breathing some fire now into the recycling collection business to move those contracts. I dont know how long its going to take, Joe. Its going to depend a little bit on  what the market dynamic is. But were not going to be caught with getting drunk again on high commodity prices. Weve got to fix the business for good, get to the right sharing with our customer base. As I always say, and as I said in my comments, sustainability doesnt work without profitability. Thats what were focused on. And we are not going to do business that has diminishing returns.
Joe Box: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go-ahead
Michael Hoffman: Thank you, Don, for taking my questions.
Don Slager: Hi, Michael. How are you?
Michael Hoffman: Im well. Thank you. And yourself?
Don Slager: Very good, thanks.
Michael Hoffman: So back to the CPI, at one point over the last couple of years, you had described the pull of addressable revenues at about $2 billion. What do you think is a practical number that can be converted on a percentage basis? And where Im going with that is, it would be a good thing if you got some number and then inflation comes back to 2%. And when the two blend together, youre net ahead of the game.
Don Slager: So, again, with everybody listening  hopefully, a lot of my teammates at Republic  we absolutely, positively cant be entering into contracts with escalators that dont keep pace with our net inflation, inflation net of productivity. Weve got to be equal or better. And as Ive said many times, for decades, as long as Ive been around, that CPI worked great, it was fair. We need to get to fairness again. And so, my viewpoint is all contracts have to be converted to a metric or an escalator thats fair and reasonable. And so, were tackling this base. We said, look, weve got $2.5 billion of this business. About $800 million of that $2.5 billion is the smaller contracts. Thats what we went to work first. Now, weve got $325 million of that converted. Now, were working toward bigger contracts. Were, right now, as we speak, talking to customers, some very large customers, about this very thing. And I think at some point well have made some of those conversions successful and the market will continue to move. So if you take a look at our pricing, this quarter, at 2% yield, weve been north of 2% now for a few quarters. What keeps holding that back down is residential. And so, were very, very close to hitting this overarching metric for us of getting back to a day where yield surpasses inflation on a regular and consistent basis. So we are right on the cusp of that. And so, were going to keep pushing the new metric. I dont have an exact date in mind when we can get there. I know were making progress, Michael. You can tell by the determination of my voice that were kind of at a place were not taking no for an answer because we just cant be in a situation where we have these large contracts with all the exposure and declining returns. Its just not feasible or its not practical.
Michael Hoffman: All right, fair enough. Switching gears to margin trend, if I took your 50 basis points for adjustment to your gross margin, so instead of doing 38.60%, you did 39.1% for the first quarter. Given how good the volume was and possibly some of it got pulled forward, is it probable that the gross margin in 2Q might trend down a little bit, 20, 25 basis points? And really, what you want to look at is smoothing the first half and comparing that to the first halfs 15 basis points?
Don Slager: No, I dont think so, Michael. I think that  I dont know that we necessarily need to smooth it. Part of the noise that I think that we might be seeing in the first quarter has to do with the workday. And we need to keep in mind that that reverses in Q4, so theres going to be a little pick up there when that happens. But I would say that, right now, we feel pretty comfortable with our adjusted EBITDA margin guidance that we gave of 28.5% for the year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. I wasnt disputing that. I was really actually trying to figure out, given how strong volumes were in the first quarter and operating leverage that comes from that, in all likelihood, those volumes remain good, but not as good as 1Q because of the positive circumstances and that, therefore, you might see a slight shift in margin, 1Q to the next. Its not a bad thing. If you smooth the two Qs together, youve got the objective youre trying to achieve anyway. But you pulled some of that benefit into 1Q.
Brian DelGhiaccio: This is Brian. So, remember, the largest percentage of our volume growth was in the roll-off business, which was up about 13%. And as you know, that comes along with it the variable costs. I know youre talking about leverage, but thats where we saw the concentration of volume. But the other thing is that we know that, while it was a mild winter, in parts of the country it was also wet. So we did see extra operating costs. We saw higher disposal expense where weve got predominantly third-party disposal market. And we saw some additional leachate expense, again, where it was wet. So from a weather perspective, its not that we feel like we got a whole lot of contribution to the bottom line from the mild winter. So if the revenues fall off a little bit in the second quarter because maybe they were pulled forward, we would also expect some of the cost to taper off as well.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, fair enough.
Chuck Serianni: Too often  sometimes the answer is timing and mix, Michael, right? Thats kind of what Brian said. But youre right, [indiscernible] quarter was very strong. If you take out some of the anomalies, call it just healthcare, some of the leachate expense, some of that stuff, I look at like we had a [indiscernible] quarter. Weve got a little bit of noise with a few items. And weve got a little bit of  as Chuck described with the residential volume, weve got couple of blips on the horizon there with some contracts well walk away from. We talked in the comments about some volume where non-regrettable volume loss with national accounts and brokers. So there is some of that noise in the system, but were really confident in the guidance and in the margin. And more importantly, in the actions were taking and in the way the team is executing.
Don Slager: And, Michael, maybe to your question, as Chuck kind of mentioned, second half probably looks better than first half because in the second half we have one less work day whereas in the first half we had the one more. So maybe thats the way you want to think about it.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, fair enough. See you guys in a couple of weeks.
Chuck Serianni: All right, take care.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Volshteyn of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Volshteyn: Thank you for taking my question. I might have missed it, but did you give any update in your prepared remarks about 2016 guidance other than what you said in the Q&A for volume and CapEx?
Don Slager: No, we didnt update our guidance. Thats something that we typically save for the second quarter. And right now, what we said is that we feel comfortable and were on track with our guidance.
Jeff Volshteyn: Okay, fair enough. On acquisitions, in the first quarter, we didnt see any acquisitions. How is the M&A environment for small tuck-ins?
Chuck Serianni: We set out the year with a target of spending $100 million and spending that $100 million primarily in tuck-ins and primarily within the same EBITDA range that we had over the last couple of years. And we still today think that well accomplish that goal. Weve got a real slow start here on the year. But we think we will exit the year having very wisely spent $100 million and invested it in some really good tuck-in assets.
Jeff Volshteyn: Thats helpful. Last question from me, if I may. You mentioned higher leachate costs, one of your competitors also talked about it today in their call. Are there any sizable investments that you expect related to this issue?
Don Slager: No, not really. Not for us. We look at leachate as being somewhat unique to the individual landfill. It really is about the geology of the individual landfills and also the weather that exists, whether its a dry climate or wet. Obviously, in the Southwest, we dont have a lot of leachate. We dont have a lot of rain. Weve got arid climate, so the water evaporates. Weve got some landfills that have in-gradient water flows that weve got to deal with. So thats a little bit of a different issue. So really site-specific. The leachate cost that we saw in Q1 was really more about a seasonally wet  an unusually seasonally wet quarter. Having said that, landfills are more expensive to own and operate every day and every year and were constantly evaluating our cost structure and constantly looking for ways to effectively pass along price increases into the market that makes sense, to capture the cost inflation. Weve got to manage these things responsibly and be good environmental stewards and well continue to do that. For us, leachate is really more of a site-specific issue. But thats all I can tell you. As we look at the quarter, theres nothing else for us really going on broadly with our leachate story.
Jeff Volshteyn: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Feniger of Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Thanks. Did you guys see any changes through the quarter in April? You were speaking about special event volume, C&D, anything that makes you  any cause for concern that the momentum you felt on the volume side would slow going into the second quarter?
Don Slager: Well, no. I think specific construction volume is strong  one, because of the unusual weather. But Q2 is where we tend to see the seasonal pickups and we certainly expect to see that. Event business  the special waste business was strong in Q1. Theres no concern that we have there overall. Were still only at, what, 1.1 million new home starts. Single-family home starts are actually up, right, on a year-over-year basis. So that bodes well for us. We tend to lag that. So as long as that continues, I think thats what drives more and more growth in our market. On a total macro basis, were feeling really good.
Michael Feniger: Thanks. And the loss of the residential businesses that you guys were discussing, should we be thinking that as a positive? Or for the mix, would that be positive to margin?
Don Slager: Yeah. Ultimately, look, residential is our weakest line of business in our collection system. And you think about the state of affairs there that weve had the sustained low CPI environment there for how many years?
Chuck Serianni: Six, seven years.
Don Slager: Six, seven years. Its average over that time is 1.6%. Our costs dont average 1.6%. So you can just do some math and figure out what kind of margin erosion we had there in that space. Thats why were so adamant about changing the indices to something thats fair and reasonable. So we get to do a negotiation with the residential customer who cant seem to understand that degree of fairness, we cant enter into extending contracts that continue to decline and go below our reasonable rate of return. So ultimately we have to grow the ROI in the business. And so, your point is, over time, thats a good thing. We either have to shed business that doesnt equal the right return or we have to get a pricing scenario that is reasonable for both parties. And thats the story. Its the same story with national accounts and some of the broker business.
Operator: Our next question will come from of Scott Levine of Imperial Capital. Please go-ahead.
Q Megan Barnett: This is Megan on for Scott. So I just want to go back to talk about the volume, any regional outliers, positive or negative, impact on volume?
Don Slager: Well, if you think about places that have really mild weather, the Atlantic area, Philadelphia, Carolinas, Chicago and Boston, places like that that just had very mild, mild winter, I would point those out specifically. We didnt see much difference here in Arizona quite frankly. But that gives you some idea.
Q Megan Barnett: Okay, thanks. And then another question to discuss trends in your energy waste business and like how it impacted your margins?
Chuck Serianni: Generally speaking, the business is performing somewhat like we thought it would. We knew it would be weaker because this year than maybe we thought when we started the business. But we budgeted essentially for that. Probably a little bit weaker overall, but I think the thing that we always want to point out is we think ultimately through the cycle that that business is going to come back and perform well for the company.
Don Slager: Keep in mind also that it is less than 1% of our revenues, so the impact on the entire company is pretty small.
Chuck Serianni: So, Megan, the overall impact to the total company was about 20 basis points negative to margin.
Q Megan Barnett: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question will come from Al Kaschalk of Wedbush Securities. Please go-ahead.
Al Kaschalk: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Don Slager: Hi, Al.
Al Kaschalk: Sorry, I joined late. I wanted to focus on really I guess two areas. One, you talked a little bit about the leachate and maybe you could just take a step back and help us appreciate, is this more focused or more of a concern to companies that have higher number of closed landfills than, say, maybe whether storms or other things could occur and therefore water could increase. Could you just talk a little bit about that? Then I have a follow-up.
Don Slager: Well, as I said in my comments earlier, leachate is really two things. We talk about it being site-specific. Its really about geology and weather. If you have a large landfill with a big open face thats not covered, then you get a lot of rainfall. All that rainfall goes into your landfill and becomes leachate. Okay? If you are in an arid clime where we dont have leachate or dont have rainfall you dont have a problem. So its very site-specific. And again, we have a lot of rainfall in certain parts of the country. In certain parts here, we have snow normally. Snow tends to fall and sit on top of the landfill and then evaporate before it melts. Rainfall tends to get inside your landfill. Im not a weatherman, but thats kind of how it works out. So we have a number of closed landfills certainly. Some of those are so closed that theyre inert and theres virtually no leachate coming out of them. So once you completely cap the landfill and its in a completely closed state, theres no more rain water getting in the landfill. So its just about timing I guess when it comes to that point. For us, we dont have from our perspective  as I said on an earlier question  a broad-based concern about leachate today. We have some specific sites that saw more leachate in the quarter because of rainfall and we are dealing with that through normal operating expense.
Chuck Serianni: And just to put a finer point on that, with the areas  the landfills that we saw that had an increase in leachate, they were active landfills in the areas that had very, very heavy rains during the quarter.
Al Kaschalk: So I guess from the novice point being from my side, the item we want to focus on or center our questions on are those landfills that are closed where youre not able to potentially charge someone for those extra costs you incur versus an active one you theoretically have the ability to pass through some costs. Whether you get that is a whole different story. Is that fair?
Don Slager: Yeah. Im not sure I totally understand your question. I cant tell you off the top of my head the exact percentage of our leachate that comes from closed landfills and open landfills, but the majority of our leachate comes from open operating landfills. As I said, the longer the landfill is capped and closed, the less leachate is present in the landfill.
Chuck Serianni: And keep in mind also, when we cap our landfills, there is a synthetic liner that is put on top of it that prevents the leachate from going into the landfill  the rainfall.
Don Slager: Our leachate expense was normal across the company with the exception of those sites that saw a much higher level of rainfall than normal. Or potentially a landfill that was in the midst of construction and rainfall event while part of the landfill was open where normally it wouldnt be. But other than that, our leachate expense across the company net of those landfills is just inflating at what would be normal inflation rate.
Al Kaschalk: Got it. Okay, I think Ill leave that one.
Don Slager: And so, we generally  to your pricing question, we generally deal with leachate expense and the cost of leachate expense through our environmental recovery fee with our landfill customers. And so, over time, we have raised our environment recovery fee to deal with certain issues like leachate expense and weve done that very effectively over recent years and customers seem to understand that. So thats been our mechanism to deal with it.
Al Kaschalk: Got it. Okay. And then my follow-up would be, if you could give us some type of  I wont say Im a macroeconomist et cetera, but generally I think at the peak you had at C&D volumes on landfill, I thought, were 17%, 18% of your revenue. You commented where housing starts are, et cetera. And youve always had a better leverage to  or higher leverage, in my understanding, than you competitors to sort of that non-residential construction activity. So, A, could you maybe just frame where were at in terms of percentage of revenue? And then, sort of, how much tailwind do we have on these positive volume numbers that we saw?
Chuck Serianni: We dont really give a lot of data on non-res versus res construction because
Al Kaschalk: Thats a fact.
Chuck Serianni: Because again, to us, its not that important. And were not economists either. Our total C&D for the company is about 8%. And at its peak, it was 12%. Okay? At its peak. So we think about  I always think about it this way. Again, back to housing starts, weve said for many moons now, our business grows with population growth that drives household formation, that drives business formation. And while the household formation creates  business formation does create some construction debris, what we really like to see is it creates the ongoing recurring revenue part of our business which is the small container, large container pickups and pulls that are ongoing. Thats the part of our business thats kind of our bread and butter. And we know that the construction is going to ebb and flow a little bit with the economy. Having said that, housing starts are 1.1 million. The 50 year average, if we take the peak out, is a 1.5 million. Most people I talk to that are in the housing business are pretty bullish on housing continuing to improve. I mentioned that single family housing is  home starts is up like 20%. And you know we lag sort of a year plus when thats happening. So we think [indiscernible] strong temp volume, 13% in that space. So well continue to do that. So we feel overall pretty positive about the macro.
Al Kaschalk: Great. Good luck, guys. And thanks a lot for taking my questions.
Operator: At this time, there appear to be no further questions. Mr. Slager, Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Denise. I would like to thank all of Republics employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic way. Thanks for spending time with us today and have a good evening. Be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Republic Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Investor Conference Call. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. All participants in today's call will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2015 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 11, 2016. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables, and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's Web site at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences, when events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our Web site. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, which exceeded the upper-end of our financial guidance. As a result of successfully executing our strategy, the Republic team delivered higher levels of pricing, reported positive volumes, grew earnings and free cash flow, improved return on invested capital and increased cash returns to shareholders. During 2015, we made significant progress on our multi-year strategic initiatives. These initiatives are designed to profitable grow our business, enhance the quality of our revenue, improve the customer experience and reduce costs. Regarding our market position, we invested $193 million in tuck-in acquisitions, nearly 2 times our original goal. The transactions completed in 2015 represent annual revenue contribution of approximately $143 million at a post synergy EBITDA multiple of 4.3 times. And we acquired U.S. assets of Tervita, these assets serve as a platform acquisition in the E&P waste sector, with attractive long-term fundamentals and opportunities for future growth. Regarding our revenue enhancing initiatives, all of our markets are using our Capture cloud-based pricing tool. And our entire salesforce has been trained on priority-based selling. Our sales program is designed to identify and to track customers that are willing to pay for our higher value service offerings. Additionally, we now have over 500 contracts with approximately $250 million in annual revenue that use a waste-related index for annual price adjustment. These waste indices are more closely aligned with our cost structure and had consistently run higher than CPI. Most importantly, we are realizing the benefits of these revenue enhancing initiatives. During 2015, we reported our highest level of average yield in over five years. Regarding our customers, we continue to see very encouraging customer engagement on our digital platform. For example, approximately 1.2 million customers have enrolled in My Resource, our customer portal and mobile app, which significantly enhances our customer interaction and connectivity. And we launched click-to-buy capabilities in approximately 50% of our residential subscription markets. Click-to-buy addresses the evolving needs of our customers buying preferences and provides a lower cost sales channel. Our customers see the difference in our products and services, which is reflected in our customer satisfaction metrics. Our Net Promoter score, which measures customers willingness to recommend Companys products and services improved for the third year in a row. And finally, regarding our fleet-based productivity and cost savings initiatives, 16% of our total fleet now operate on natural gas, 72% of our residential fleet is currently automated and 78% of our total fleet has been certified under our One Fleet maintenance program, up from 60% a year ago. These initiatives require investment, but the payback is compelling and our financial performance reflects the benefits we are seeing. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.50, which exceeded our expectations. Full year adjusted EPS was $2.06 and adjusted free cash flow was $830 million both exceeded the upper-end of our guidance. Core price in the fourth quarter was 3.4% and average yield was 2.2%. Average yield exceeded 2% in every quarter during 2015. Fourth quarter volumes increased 90 basis points this is the 11th consecutive quarter where we have grown price and volumes simultaneously. We returned $808 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during 2015. This includes approximately 10 million shares repurchased for 409 million. We finished the year with total shareholder return of 12.4%, which includes stock appreciation of 9.3% and dividends of 3.1%. Our TSR performance exceeded the S&P 500 average by over 8 times. We made substantial progress in 2015 and are proud of our strong results and many accomplishments, but we have more to do. Last month, we announced the realignment of our organizational structure by combining two layers into one. This included the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of 20 areas into 10 and streamlining select positions at our Phoenix headquarters. We are reinvesting back into our 10 area offices by creating additional operating and functional support roles which puts resources closer to our business and our customers. Additionally, we are investing in our customer service capabilities and are in the process of consolidating over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and technology will enable better levels of customer service across several touch points including voice, email, text, social and live chat. The savings from the realignment are funding the investments we are making in our customer focused initiatives in 2016 and 2017. We expect these initiatives and realignment will contribute approximately $35 million of annual cost savings beginning in 2018. Our ability to make these organizational changes is a natural evolution and logical next step for our Company. As a result of developing standardized processes with rigorous controls, we are further leveraging our scale to continually improve our service offerings. Additionally, we are able to maintain our high performance business culture with field management retaining full accountability and P&L responsibility. We call this approach the Republic Way, which we believe is the best way to create durable operational excellence and lasting value for all our stakeholders. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Don. Fourth quarter 2015 revenue was approximately 2.3 billion, an increase of 61 million over the prior year. This 2.7% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 90 basis points and acquisitions of 1.8%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield growth of 2.2%; average yield in the Collection business was 2.7%, which includes 3.1% yield in the Small Container Commercial business, 3.8% yield in the Large Container Industrial business and 1.5% yield in the Residential business. Average yield in the Post-Collection business was 70 basis points, which includes landfill MSW of 1.5%. Core price which measures price increases net of roll backs was 3.4%; core price consisted of 4.4% in the open market and 1.7% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our volumes increased 90 basis points year-over-year; the Collection business increased 90 basis points, which includes positive contribution from the Large Container Industrial business of 2.8% and the Residential business of 40 basis points. The Small Container Commercial business was flat with the prior year. Our Small Container Commercial volume included a 40 basis point decline from non-regrettable losses of select national accounts and work performed on behalf of brokers. The Post-Collection business made up of third-party landfill in transfer station volumes increased 1.8%; landfill increased 2.1% which includes positive MSW volumes of 5.5% and C&D of 8.2%, offset by a decline in Special Waste volumes of 2.1%. The decline in Special Waste relates to same-store E&P volumes. Special Waste volumes excluding E&P waste streams increased 1%. Next, fuel recovery fees decreased 170 basis points, the change relates to a decline in the cost of fuel which decreased approximately $33 million compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.44 in the fourth quarter from $3.57 in the prior year, a decrease of 32%. The current average diesel price is $2.01 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel cost through our Fuel Recovery Fee program. Additionally, 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. Finally, commodity revenue decreased 50 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales primarily relates to the decrease in recycled commodity prices. Average commodity prices for all materials at our recycling facilities decreased 16% to an average price of $95 per tonne in the fourth quarter from $113 per tonne in the prior year. Excluding glass and organics average commodity prices decreased 14% to an average price of $108 per tonne in the fourth quarter from a $126 per tonne in the prior year. We believe excluding glass and organics is a better way to report average commodity prices, since they are low value waste streams and can skew the average price per tonne. Our sensitivity to changing commodity prices has always excluded the impact from glass and organics. Again I want to remind you that a $10 per tonne move in recycling commodity prices results a $0.03 annual EPS impact. On our Web site we posted the three year history of average commodity prices including and excluding glass and organics. Fourth quarter total recycling volume of 648,000 tonnes, represents the increase of approximately 14% from the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, volumes were up approximately 3%. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities was relatively flat with the prior year. Now I will discuss changes in margin. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.2%, which was down 80 basis points from the prior year. The change included a 50 basis point increase in SG&A expenses, primarily due to higher levels of incentive compensation and investments and initiatives. And a 30 basis point decline in EBITDA margin from lower recycle commodity prices. With respect to higher SG&A costs, the increased incentive compensation expense was due to financial outperformance during 2015. I also want to remind you that we expect the cost savings from the realignment to offset the investments in initiatives beginning in Q1, 2016. On a full year basis EBITDA margin was 28.1%, an improvement of 10 basis points over the prior year. Margin expansion in the Solid Waste business of 90 basis points primarily due to lower fuel costs and pricing in excess of cost inflation, which partially offset by the impact of acquisition of 40 basis points and lower recycled commodity prices of 40 basis points, when looking at individual cost line items as a percentage of revenue, there is an impact from the decrease in fuel recovery fees and the sale of recycled commodity revenue. For example, the 2.2% decline in these revenues resulted in increases in labor expense of 40 basis points and repairs and maintenance expense of 20 basis points. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Fourth quarter 2015 interest expense was $93 million, which includes $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 34.3% in the fourth quarter and 37.2% for the year. In 2016, we expect to return to our statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. The increase in our tax rate resulted in $0.08 EPS headwind in 2016. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $813 million. This performance includes a cash tax benefit from the extension of bonus depreciation of approximately $65 million. We expect bonus depreciation will provide a cash tax benefit of $30 million in 2016 resulting in a $35 million year-over-year cash tax headwind. Now I will turn the call back to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. Before I open the call up for questions, I will provide our 2016 financial guidance. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.13 to $2.17, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided last October. This continues to demonstrate the stability and predictability of our business. Our expected performance represents high single-digit earnings growth after excluding the $0.08 headwind from the increase in our effective tax rate. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to be in a range of 820 million to 840 million, which was upwardly revised from our preliminary outlook due to the extension of bonus depreciation. This performance represents mid to high single-digit growth after excluding the change in cash taxes. We expect annual revenue growth of 2.5% to 3%, which includes average yield of approximately 2%. We believe this level of pricing is strong given the 30 basis point headwind from lowest CPI-based presets. Volume growth in a range of 1.5% to 1%, we expect our volume trajectory to be relatively consistent with our full year 2015 performance, with the exception of residential due to known contract losses. Residential volumes are expected to be slightly negative. Contribution from acquisitions of 1%, this relates primarily to tuck-in acquisitions and the rollover impact from 2015 transactions. And a decline in fuel recovery fees of 1%, due to lower diesel prices. We anticipate an EBITDA margin of approximately 28.5%. This represents 40 basis points of margin expansion over our 2015 performance. 2016 net capital expenditures are expected to be $900 million or approximately 9.5% of revenue. This level of spending includes a $60 million benefit from cost effectively extending the useful life of our fleet, as a result of our One Fleet maintenance program. This is in addition to the $40 million of capital we saved during 2015. We anticipate investing $100 million in tuck-in acquisitions and we expect to return approximately $820 million of total cash to shareholders through $420 million of dividends and $400 million of share repurchases. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for their contribution that allowed us to meet our objectives and positioned us well for future growth. During 2016, we will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders and remain focused on managing the business to create long-term value by executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. At this time operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question today. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Al Kaschalk: I want to focus if I may on the volume guidance in particular I think broader thoughts for that the sector could grow about 1% to 2% in '16, maybe with some of these headwinds you are seeing in the broader economy that would have been a little bit too aggressive, but did you address the 50 basis points to 1% increase that you are looking forward in particular how large was the residential drop contracts that you lost?
Don Slager: Well, it's actually a couple contracts right, so this is just normal in our business Al and lets focus on residential for a second. We have made a lot of noise around the fact that the residential business has been the weakest for some time, the residential business some of those contracts again have CPI resets which dont really work us for us over the long-term. We have been very good public private partners with our residential customers, and we ultimately need to have contracts that work for both parties and so we are booking a very strong approach, if you are trying to get these contracts switched to a new index which we only talked about doing that successfully. And there are some contracts frankly that just dont work for us and so we are going to continue to be focused on return on investments, so the residential business can be a little bit weaker in '16 as a result of that. And again there is -- we have got so many contracts in total do we have in residential contracts it is thousands of them right. So thats just the nature of the beast and that is going to be a little lumpy from year-to-year. The underlying economics we think are good, right. So you think about how we always talk about the fact that its population growth driving household formation and really is a critical metric in our business. If you look out at household formation it is strong, it prompts us to continue to remain strong as far as we are growing so thats good for us. The Special Waste business looks pretty solid thats a good indicator of a good economy and we have seen pretty consistent growth in even our landfill MSW business over the last year. I mean so I think we are in pretty good shape. You reported on the year 4 plus percent growth in MSW landfill which -- that is actually nice to have across the business. So we will continue to look for that and then with the capture tool and PBS were being very selective about the kind of growth were getting. And as I said in my remarks, that we are in the 11th straight quarter where we had both positive volume and pricing growth, and we think thats the magic where we get both end and we continue to get both end into the future and thats where were focused thats going to deliver the margin thats going to deliver the cash.
Al Kaschalk: If you slice the volume overall and I guess my question is a little bit more macro driven. But historically weve known that C&D has been a big beneficiary to the RSG/Allied network. How would you look that and say from either a manufacturing side, or what concerns should we think about and shareholders be aware of in terms of slower economy, what that may impact and in particular in what manufacturing verticals, how much are you exposed there?
Don Slager: Well, first lets step back from all of that and remember, I mean we tend to lag right so when things go up and down we kind of lag a little bit. But when we talk about our Large Container Industrial perm business thats mostly construction, it's a large container tank. When we talk about industrial large container perm industrial is kind of a misnomer because that includes a lot of commercial retail business, a large multifamily office buildings, hospitals anything that requires large container. Only a portion of that perm large container business is truly industrial right. And weve continued to see strong performance in that permanent business both price and volume. So were not concerned about that segment of our business.
Operator: Our next question is from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Ken Wang: This is Ken Wang on for Corey. So just thinking about the incentive comp increase that you mentioned and looking at the labor cost as well which looked like they were up about 6% year-on-year. Was the incentive comps increase something that also had an effect on labor cost, just given the increase?
Don Slager: No, the incentive comp increase really occurred all in the SG&A line and that was due to the financial outperformance that we had during 2015. And obviously as we look at SG&A cost in 2016 were not expecting that to repeat.
Ken Wang: And then in terms of the labor cost being up 6%, what was the driver there?
Don Slager: Sure, so keep in mind that 40 basis points of that is due to reduction in the fuel recovery fee and commodity revenue, so it is really revenue based and then the other 20% is really due to acquisitions.
Ken Wang: Okay, thats helpful
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so Ken when you think about revenues, because youre just looking at the straight dollar increase.
Don Slager: Is that right the 6% youre just taking a look at dollar-to-dollar is what youre looking at?
Ken Wang: Yes, thats right.
Don Slager: So I mean remember you got to think about there is normal inflation in the business and then when you think of on a full year basis when you look at our volumes, it's been heavily weighted to the Collection portion of our business. So there is a volume element to it. And then you have to look at the total amount of acquisitions that weve completed during the year. Right so you add the three up together from the revenue perspective, because remember within the revenue youve got the reduction from fuel recovery and fee and commodities, it does nothing to your labor cost. So you got to look at the revenue change exclusive of those and basically what youre seeing is a similar increase in labor expense, expressed as a percentage.
Ken Wang: And just one quick follow-up, do you have any comments on any changes youve seen in competitor behavior, anything youre seeing either from large competitors or small competitors?
Don Slager: No, I would say really no change over what we saw at the end of last year. Generally speaking more broadly speaking, you know that we feel pretty good about sort of the rational behavior in the market generally. There is always A market or two, there is always a local competitor or two doing something, maybe making a bad decision or having debt -- actually they are making investment here and there. But overall, were not concerned about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Levine of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Levine: So, last year I think you lowered off of your preliminary guidance for 2015 due to recycled commodity prices dipping here youre affirming the guidance. Just kind of wondering any appreciable changes in any of the assumptions or drivers beneath the surface of your business from 3Q to 4Q? Or is it really kind of status quo and no meaningful change in any particular area here?
Don Slager: No, actually there has been a change. I mean we look at our outlook and then look at our guidance right now. Weve got about a $0.04 decrease due to commodity prices, so pretty a significant decrease since we gave outlook. But weve been able to offset that by lower fuel cost and also through other improvements in the business and that's what allowed us to keep our guidance consistent with our outlook that we provided in October.
Scott Levine: And as a follow-up, in your capital allocation plan for '16 have you outstanding free cash by a bit here you've come off to pretty active years for M&A just looking for your confidence level maybe that you can continue this out spend free cash flow and then grow the dividend and then still remain comfortable with where your balance sheet leverage is?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, we're very comfortable with the balance sheet leverage, so right now we're at 2.9 times, when we look at our capital allocation both in terms of dividend and share repurchase its right in line with the free cash flow and they are still having the capacity that we need in order to pursue acquisition so we're very comfortable with the capital allocation strategy and very comfortable with being able to continue to increase our dividends in the future.
Don Slager: Yes, Scott this is Don, as it relates to the M&A right, we can talk about the pipeline of tuck-ins, we've got a pretty good handle we think on what is out there as it relates to tuck-in opportunities, but these larger opportunities that really drove the over I'd say that over spending but it's like we spend more in M&A last year those are lumpy right, those come to the market once in a while, so we don't really see, we don't have visibility to any of those today as we look at '16. And again we're always focused on first and foremost the tuck-ins in our current markets in our core business and that's what gives us the better return and lower risk et cetera, but it's just that we always want to maintain right strength in our capital structure, so that if the right thing does come along for us we've got the flexibility so we're very focused on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Tyler Brown of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tyler Brown: Hi Don, I want to talk about what I'm going to call your own idiosyncratic pricing story, so at this point, Capture has rolled out, everybody is through PDS, my resource has got increased penetration and I assume all of that would drive better customer loyalty. So given all that can you give us any metrics maybe even just directionally about maybe churn or spread between your lost business and going forward would we expect to see the gap between core price and average yield narrow?
Don Slager: Well, lets backup, first of all right, it's a pretty big denominator right, so if we talk about taking the faction from 7% which its been the faction have been at an all time double-digit high, in the past we've got it down to 9, 8, now 7 it's been consistently 7 for some time. Driving that down to 6 would be quite a feat but we're focused on extending customer loyalty and perhaps that the faction is really competitive the other half is what we call structural business to close and things move offshore et cetera. We are really-really focused in on the quality of services we're delivering to our customers through meeting our customer commitments which is internal metric and then also Net Promoter score which as I said in my comments we have improved the Net Promoter score every year for three years so -- and we're very-very active in trying to understand how our customers think about us and then we brought forward not only better quality of service delivery but a better way of doing business with us through our digital platform. So, all those things are driven to improve the customer experience and then on top of that the tool set you described around PDS, Capture and also frankly the improved CRM tool that our team uses today makes them one or more efficient, more effective but also helps them to get basically the price for new selling to improve. And that's what is happening with what we're seeing with price, with yield and with churn. That churn which is essentially the difference between business gained and business lost right the net difference has continued there to narrow, that has been a big part of our pricing story and we're going to continue to focus on that as we go through the years. The combination of all those things working towards, again extending the loyalty, reducing churn which ultimately means lower inflection and creating what we call internally rolling this effect right and then PDS is directing our sales teams at customers that we believe are in the segments that are more likely to buy value and less likely to be only priced customers. So, everything we've been talking about over the past couple of years is getting rolled out as we've been working for the greater good and it is reflected here in our best pricing ever in 2015 or in a long time it has been going on you know. And 11 straight quarters for both pricing and volume growth and as I said with another question, we're going to be focused on the right growth, right, targeted profitable unit growth. So, we're seeing it and then we're seeing market expansion, we're seeing good cash flow as a result, so that's as you called it what idiosyncratic right that is the word.
Tyler Brown: Chuck do you want to understand a couple of the underlying assumptions in the guidance. So, first off are you guys assuming about a $10 decline in commodities, is that right?
Chuck Serianni: A $10 from yes from what we actually saw in 2015, thats right.
Tyler Brown: Okay, and then are you expecting Tervita to contribute more or less EBITDA?
Chuck Serianni: It is going to be about the same, what we got is a little bit of a headwind associated with drilling activity and we are going to make that up through productivity gains and through the anniversarying of some integration costs.
Tyler Brown: Okay. And then lastly just do you have specifically what you are kind of expecting for open versus restricted market pricing?
Chuck Serianni: No, and you got to take a look at the performance Tyler I mean it's a similar level of performance in 2016 as we saw in 2015 with the exception of the step down in CPI-based pricing. But you can probably expect similar level of contribution.
Tyler Brown: Okay all right thats perfect, thank you guys.
Don Slager: And a subset of muni that we converted to a better index set right.
Operator: Our next is from Jeff Volshteyn of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Volshteyn: When we look at your congressional funding for infrastructure that was surpassed last year, there is a fair amount of enthusiasm about new conversations and new projects in infrastructure. Does that impact -- I mean do you think about that market as potential opportunity for you, does that impact your business in over the next so lets say three to five years?
Don Slager: It doesnt make a huge impact when you think about that infrastructure build funding roads and bridges. We do work for customers who build roads and bridges but that doesnt generate the same kind of waste volume that comes out of stack homes and multi-family homes and skyscrapers right. The weight that comes from building a site is not some things like expedition and point of concrete. But things like putting up starts and dry wall and permitting and installation and ripping those kinds of things generate waste for construction. So roads and bridges we have some containers at along some of these building sites but unfortunately for us we dont get to pull them very often.
Jeff Volshteyn: Just a few clarifying questions, on the reorganizational announcement or restructuring what is the timing of it through 2016, are there certain quarters where it is going to be more impactful?
Don Slager: Well let me start and I will let Chuck talk about how the numbers roll-in but reorganization is complete, right. So the reorganization is complete the organization is function under the new model and so basically we have the absolute lower cost of organization functioning today net of the onetime severances and relocations that some of the relocations have to occur over the next couple of months.
Chuck Serianni: So what we are saying is that the savings that we are going to receive from the realignment. Will really start in February and thats about $20 million or so, thats going to be offset by additional investments and initiatives, primarily due to our customer resource centers. So that will be an offset within our P&L. We are also going to have about $35 million of restructuring charges, $25 million of that are associated with the realignment that Don just talked about, a lot of that should be frontend loaded so more towards Q1, Q2. And then about $10 million of that associated with the customer resource center, thats going to be more spread out through the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: I have the sense that solid wastes operating leverage is a little bit matched by similar noise that happened throughout the year, if you were to strip away Tervita, how do you think about the solid waste profitability trend through the year and coming into 2016?
Don Slager: Michael let me start by going through some of the numbers, so if we just reconcile the EBITDA margin from '14 to '15, 2014 was at 28% and we got about 90 basis points of margin expansion this from the solid waste from the base business, a lot of that due to pricing above cost inflation and lowering that fuel. Now that was offset during the year by the recycling business which ended up being about 40 basis points, and by acquisitions of about 40 basis points. So to your question, you eliminate the cycling and you eliminate the 40 basis points from acquisition it gives you a better idea of where we think the true margin potential is of the business of the base business.
Michael Hoffman: Okay thats very helpful. And then within the cash flows sort of discussion, you finished this year's cash flow from operations with a nice healthy 18.4% of revs that is a nice healthy increase year-over-year, and really there is a nice deferred tax from tax furnace depreciation that -- but your guidance for next year looks like you are retaining a lot of that, it's still over 18% so it's you might want it down a little bit year-over-year it's still over 18 which is up on a long-term basis so is that a sustainable permanent trend here now, youre 18% or better CRC of ops going forward?
Don Slager: Yes, we would say that that is we believe that to be sustainable Michael going forward. We think about growing free cash flow on an annual basis somewhere in the mid to high single-digits is something we feel comfortable with and thats exactly what were doing this year if you exclude the impact of bonus depreciation on both 15 and 16.
Michael Hoffman: And you are -- and I think I misunderstood your commentary or I didnt understand it. The 65 million was in 15 December and 30s in 18 so 16, is that what you were saying?
Don Slager: Thats right. Yes, thats right Michael, thats right.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Chuck Serianni: And Michael maybe another way to think about this as well is that if you take a look at the 2016 guidance right for free cash flow of 820 million to 840 million, even though there is a $30 million benefit from the expense of the expansion of bonus depreciation, if you look at the in-year impact, right so from all prior years together with what was just extended, it's still a net negative in 16 to the magnitude of about $20 million. So if you want to kind of think normalized, you would take that guidance and add $20 million, thats a normalized level of free cash flow as bonus depreciation never existed at all.
Don Slager: Right so think about it your first question the underlying waste our business expanded 90 basis points again forget about some of the other noise. But the cash flow point you made is right on it and as you always say you get proper cash. You think about what weve done in the business to shift the pricing to offset cost. We still got some good cost initiatives underway certainly the reorganization and CRCs are part of that. And ongoing improvements still in our product set and in our customer service overhang and so I continue to drive willingness to pay. So weve shifted a gear here and now were funding with some of those improvements funding the next wave of initiatives and so on. So I mean we think were going to continue to do that year-on-year and at some point in the future there will be other waves of initiatives that we talk about still, just going to leave you so much more time. But we think weve turned the corner on it.
Michael Hoffman: And just so I understood Brians comment about what you were saying I think was the 813 less the 65 youve normalized that it would still be plus 20 and then that grows to 830 would be the midpoint less 30, so it's still showing growth thats the point youre making [Multiple Speakers].
Don Slager: No, no I guess what I was saying Michael is that you just take the 2016 guide of 820 to 840, okay if you take a look at the in-year impact of bonus depreciation that were going to see due to the reversal of prior years in 16 together with the in-year benefit from the extension, when you take the net impact of that, thats still a net negative $20 million to free cash flow or $20 million in higher cash taxes then that bonus depreciation never existed at all. So the notion of kind of what normalized would be in a normal tax environment itd be closer to 840 to 860 not 820 to 840, thats what I was saying.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Buscaglia of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: So, on your fleet savings programs, the 72% automated at 78% maintenance program. Do you expect those to be pretty much complete by the end of this year?
Don Slager: No the -- well have the lets take them one at a time. The automation right is focused on the residential part of our business going from multiple individuals working on accrue to single operator vehicles right. So, weve moved that number up 2% or 3% a year. I think last year we converted what 200 or 300 routes to the single operator. So thats just been ticking up that thing will probably max-out somewhere at about 80% Id like to think Id give you a little better but some neighborhoods or some contracts just cant quite get there, so it's going to continue to tick up year-on-year until we are fully automated. The One Fleet initiative is going to be complete this year with all of our divisions being fully trained on One Fleet and then theyll be certified some of them will still be in the certification process into the venue next year. But were seeing the benefits of the most mature sites that we talk about generally accruing the business so the longer these divisions are on the One Fleet program the better they perform. And not to mention right obviously the extension of the fleet the useful life of the fleet which has been a very methodical over our process and as I said in our comments were continually taking advantage of that and as a result and our CapEx this year is only about 9.5% of revenue.
Chuck Serianni: Thats right. So just put a final point on that and we had -- we are expecting a $200 million capital savings associated with the One Fleet program, $40 million of that we actually obtained in 15 and were expecting another $16 million benefit in 2016.
Don Slager: And we originally said it would take four to five years to fully roll that out, so we'll take advantage of the extending the life.
Andrew Buscaglia: And then switching gears on the volume side, can you talk a little about your expectations specifically on the commercial volumes I know they were flattish this quarter, what are you seeing, are you expecting '16 for that segment?
Don Slager: Yes, we would say generally flat and we've got a couple of things going on in there. We have -- back in my comments earlier about more disciplined -- internal discipline on our end around price and volume, finding that right balance, really using the tools, the Capture tool et cetera, we as talked about in previous quarters the fact that we parted with some non-profitable national accounts business and we're going to continue to be very certain in our actions around that and we've also walked away from some broker relationships, those are third-parties who don't own trucks, they don't own containers, they don't own landfills, they have no risk, they bring no value to the customer and we've had some relationships there that we've had to part ways with and we're going to continue to be very selective of our partners and that will impact our commercial small container growth in '16 and in '17 frankly. But I mean we will continue to be flat at least for '16 and ultimately as our product continue to improve and everything else we'll get our fair share of growth and that's the thing we always say is what 240 markets , 42 states, we're in number one or number two market position, and about 93% of those as growth is there we get our fair share of growth and we want to focus that share on -- again customers who are in the right segments who value our quality and rolling effect.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Feniger of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: You got into EBITDA margins up 40 basis points, can you just walk us through some puts and takes on what's helping you really expand that margin in a very tough CPI backdrop?
Chuck Serianni: Sure, let me put a little bit of color first of all on fourth quarter margins and the EBITDA margin for Q4 2015 was 27.2%. Now included in that you'll see that we had higher SG&A cost, incentive comp was about 50 basis points higher, we had some legal settlements of about 20 basis points and we had some initiative investments of about 30 basis points. Now the initiative investments in 2016 are going to be offset by the cost savings from the realignment that I had talked about and we're not expecting the initiative comp, the incentive comp and the legal settlements to reoccur. So, just from that alone you're ending up with 100 basis points more in margin for the quarter. And we're looking at SG&A in 2016 closer to 10.5% and once again that has to -- it's a little bit higher than the 10% that we called out just because of some of the costs that we're incurring is associated with initiatives but after 2018 and getting the full benefit associated with both the realignment and the customer resource centers, we're expecting SG&A to be back in -- back to around 10%, so looking longer term, really we're going to be able to start leveraging our SG&A and that's what is going to be a primary driver of our margins going forward.
Don Slager: Yes. And Mike, just to kind of look at -- if you look at the full year-over-year what Chuck just described on the SG&A expenses that's probably 30 basis points of the 40 basis points of margin expansion from '15 to '16 just on SG&A and then the rest is basically just due to a better business performance.
Michael Feniger: And then with free cash flow coming in ahead in 2016 and a very healthy cash flow from operations, is there any thought about maybe taking up that tuck-in acquisition target of 100 million higher?
Don Slager: Yes so, we've got a target of 100 million as I said and we've got a pipeline -- each of our Area President's and our General Managers have responsibility to contribute to that pipeline with ideas around companies that might be interested in selling. You know I always say right, in order to gather the deal, one of the main components of having a good deal is having a willing seller right. And you need a willing seller, you need good synergy, real synergy, you'd like to get real assets and real property and real goodwill of customers, we don't like startups, we don't buy serial seller, we like the quality companies with recurring revenue and good assets and so there's a limit to what is out there and there's a limit frankly to owners who are willing to sell and they got to be at a point in their lives frankly where they are so, we're going to be as optimistic because we can be -- we think the tuck-in really looks like 100 million. It is something so much long that's it is not in our sites today, we'll let you know as the quarters tickle off, we always have the capability to do more and thats one of the reasons that we maintain our capital structure the way that we do. And again we are very focused on trying to grow the core and we know the value of tuck-in more business into already a very strong management team and really a strong asset base. So if it's there we will take a look at it.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Baumgarten of Macquarie. Please go ahead. Adam your line is live perhaps muted on your end.
Adam Baumgarten: Hi sorry guys, thank you [Multiple Speakers] just a quick question on the Post-Collection yield and it's pretty stable quarter-over-quarter despite a pretty nice pick up in MSW yield, can you kind a walk me through the put and takes there?
Don Slager: Let me back up and give you just a sense to it and then Ill let Chuck walk through the numbers. But remember that Post-Collection right includes right transfer and landfill and remember that a good portion of our landfill business today, MSW still comes through as municipal waste from municipal customers, right. And a lot of that business -- so these are cities who have their own trash fleets their own trucks quite and their own trash from rate payors. But they have no landfills and so unfortunately for us some of those contracts are still in with the CPI accelerators, so as we are thinking about moving to new indices that is the one of the areas that we will focus on overtime. In the other part of the business, the sort of the open market part of the rent business we do much better. But it's heavily weighted still towards that municipal waste product.
Chuck Serianni: Yes so the restricted piece of the business, the yield there is closer to 1% to 1.5% and then to Dons point the unrestricted price is probably closer to 3% or 4%.
Adam Baumgarten: And then just one quick one, should we expect any material impact on 1Q margins from the extra selling day?
Chuck Serianni: Yes we think that there is going to be a downward pressure on margins, higher cost I should say in Q1 because of the extra selling day. Thats about 30 to 40 basis points.
Don Slager: And then the other thing again just to kind a keep in mind when you take a look at the first quarter is last year we got the benefit from the lag in the fuel recovery fee. And that was about $0.02 EPS benefit it contributed about 60 basis points to margin in the first quarter of '15. So when you look at the combination of the two just kind of something to keep in mind as you are looking at your model for next year for this year.
Operator: At this time there appear to be not further questions. Mr. Slager Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you Emily, I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic Way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-01 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Today's call is being recorded and all participants are in listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republics summary of quarterly earnings. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Brian DelGhiaccio, Senior Vice President of Finance. Good afternoon, Mr. DelGhiaccio.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' third quarter 2015 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 29, 2015. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables, and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results represent another solid performance by the Republic team. We continue to successfully execute our plan resulting in improved pricing, positive volumes, and growth in earnings and free cash flow. We are realizing the benefits of our strategic initiatives while capitalizing on the steady improvement in solid waste trends. Some of our third quarter and year-to-date highlights include third quarter EPS was $0.53, and year-to-date free cash flow was $603 million. Both performance measures were in line with our expectations. Third quarter EBITDA margin was 28.1%, which is consistent with the prior year. Year-to-date EBITDA margin was 28.4%, which is in line with our full-year guidance. Core price in the third quarter was 3.6% and average yield was 2.5%. The sequential increase in yield performance reflects an improvement in the level of churn. We define churn as the revenue per unit difference between new and lost business. Third quarter volumes increased 60 basis points. Our collection volumes increased 1.1%, which continues to demonstrate that we can grow price and volume simultaneously. During the quarter, we invested $24 million in tuck-in acquisitions at a post-synergy EBITDA multiple of approximately 5.5 times. We remain on track to invest approximately $100 million in tuck-in acquisitions this year. As part of our efficient capital allocation strategy, we returned approximately $600 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase since the beginning of the year. This includes 7.4 million shares repurchased for $298 million. Our Board recently approved a $900 million increase to our existing share repurchase authorization and extended the term through December 2017. We continue to make progress on our multi-year initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. Regarding our revenue enhancing initiatives, all of our markets are using our Capture cloud-based pricing tool. 90% of our sales force has been trained on priority based selling or PBS. We will be fully rolled out by the end of the year. We are seeing very encouraging customer engagement on our digital platform. Approximately 1.1 million customers have enrolled in our My Resource customer portal and mobile app, significantly enhancing our customer interaction and connectivity. And finally, regarding our municipal business, we have over 400 contracts with approximately $200 million in annual revenue that now use an alternative index for their annual price adjustment. All of these revenue enhancing initiatives are designed to improve the customer experience and further differentiate our services from the competition, which adds value to our offering, builds customer loyalty, and increases willingness to pay. Importantly, we are realizing the benefits of these initiatives as evidenced by our fourth straight quarter of sequential pricing improvement and highest level of reported average yield since 2009. Regarding our fleet, 16% of our total fleet now operates on natural gas. 71% of our fleet is currently automated, and 74% of our total fleet has been certified under our One Fleet maintenance program. Turning to our recycling business. We remain focused on converting to a fee-based model with a more equitable commodity revenue sharing mechanism. This allows us to recover our costs and earn a reasonable return on capital deployed while reducing earnings volatility from fluctuating recycle commodity prices. Weve advanced this initiative and are making progress. For example, we met with most of our municipal customers whose processing contracts are coming to term in the next 24 months. We are educating them on the economics of recycling and the need to transition to a more durable model. To give you some context on why this is achievable, we recently were successful in transitioning one of our largest municipal recycling contracts to a fee based processing model. This customer values our recycling services and wants to ensure the viability of recycling for their community. Additionally, we remain purposeful when renewing existing contracts or considering new business opportunities. In situations where the customer is unwilling to consider more equitable terms, we are simply choosing not to participate. It will take time to realize the full impact of our efforts since most of our recycle business is performed on behalf of municipal customers under multi-year contracts. But we remain committed since recycling is a core component of our business. We believe that improving the profitability of recycling ensures its sustainability, which benefits the environment, our shareholders, our customers, and the communities we serve. Chuck will now discuss the financial results.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Don. Third quarter 2015 revenue was approximately $2.3 billion, an increase of $76 million prior year. This 3.4% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 1% and acquisitions 2.4%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield growth of 2.5%, average yield in the collection business was 3.2%, which includes 3.6% yield in the small container commercial business, 4.4% yield in the large container industrial business and 1.6% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 70 basis points, which includes landfill MSW of 1%. Core price, which measures price increases that are rollbacks, was 3.6%. Core price consisted of 4.7% in the open market and 1.8% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our volume increased 60 basis points year-over-year. The collection business increased 1.1%, which includes positive contribution from the industrial business of 2.5% and the residential business of 1%. The commercial business was flat with the prior year. Our commercial volume performance includes 40 basis point decline from non-regrettable losses of select national accounts customers and work performed on behalf of brokers. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, decreased 1.1%. Landfill decreased 1%, which includes positive MSW volumes of 3.3% and C&D at 6.2%, offset by a decline in special waste volumes of 6.7%. Approximately half of the decline in landfill special waste relates to events driven jobs and the rest of the decline relates to a same-store E&P volumes. It should be noted that we had very tough comparison in the prior year since we accepted a record level of special waste in the third quarter of 2014. Now, fuel recovery fees decreased, next, fuel recovery fees decreased by 150 basis points. The change relates to the decline in the cost of fuel, which decreased approximately $35 million compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased $2.63 in the third quarter from $3.84 in the prior year, a decrease of 31%. The current average diesel price is $2.50 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs to our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally, 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. At current participation levels, a $0.20 per gallon change in diesel results in a $1 million change in annual operating income. Finally, commodity revenue decreased 60 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Commodity prices at our recycling facilities decreased 15% to an average price of $99 per ton in the third quarter from $116 per ton in the prior year. Current commodity prices are approximately $96 per ton. Third quarter recycling volume of 673,000 tons represents an increase of approximately 20% from the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, volumes were up approximately 5% primarily due to an increase in lower margin compost sales. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities was flat to the prior year. Now I will discuss changes in margin. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.1%, which was consistent with the prior year. Margin expansion in the solid waste business of 50 basis points was offset by the impact of recent acquisitions of 30 basis points and lower recycle commodity prices of 20 basis points. The 50 basis point expansion in the solid waste business consisted of lower fuel costs of 50 basis points and price in excess of cost inflation of 20 basis points, which was partially offset by a change in business mix of 20 basis points. The change in business mix results from volume growth in our collection business offset by volume declines in our higher-margin landfill business. The change in landfill volumes exclusively relates to decline in special waste tons. During the quarter, we saw margin expansion in all of our solid waste lines of business with the exception of landfill. Given the fixed cost nature of the landfill business, a decrease in volume generally results in a decline in margin. When looking at individual cost line items as a percentage of revenue, there is an impact from the decrease in fuel recovery fee in sale of recycle commodity revenue. For example, the 2.1% decline in these revenues resulted in increases in labor expense of 30 basis points, repairs and maintenance expense of 20 basis points, and SG&A expense of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Third-quarter 2015 interest expense was $92 million, which includes $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 38.6% in the third quarter and 38.1% on a year-to-date basis. During the quarter, we reported an insurance recovery of $50 million or $0.08 of EPS related to our closed Bridgeton landfill. We removed this benefit from our adjusted EPS performance for the quarter and full-year financial guidance. Now, I will turn the call back over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. Before closing, I would like to discuss the 2016 preliminary outlook we provided in our earnings release. We are currently midway through our annual planning process and based on our initial reviews and assuming current business conditions, we project the following. EPS of $2.13 to $2.17, which includes a $0.03 headwind from a non-cash increase in our effective tax rate. If you exclude the tax rate headwind, EPS would be projected at $2.16 to $2.20 or 6% to 8% growth from the midpoint of our 2015 EPS guidance. Adjusted free cash flow of $790 million to $810 million. This represents 8% to 10% growth over the midpoint of our 2015 free cash flow guidance. I want to remind you that approximately 30% of our revenue is restricted based on CPI. Given the low CPI and low recycled commodity price environment, we believe our projected earnings and free cash flow growth is strong and reflects the benefits our strategic initiatives are delivering to offset headwinds that are outside of our control. Consistent with prior practice, we will provide detailed guidance in February 2016. To conclude, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance. As a result of improving fundamentals, together with solid operational execution, we expanded solid waste margins by simultaneously growing price and volume. We made meaningful progress on structurally changing recycling contracts and the use of alternative indices in our municipal customers. Generated earnings and free cash flow growth keeping us well-positioned to achieve our full-year 2015 financial guidance. And added $900 million to our existing share repurchase authorization demonstrating our commitment to increase cash returns to shareholders. As we look forward, we expect this positive momentum to continue into 2016. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders including our customers, our communities, employees, and of course, our owners. We will remain focused on managing the business to create long-term value by executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. At this time, operator, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, speakers our first question is from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Al Kaschalk: I want to just focus on the volume collection story. I think 1.1 in the quarter, 0.6 volume I think overall reported. How is that trending in terms of 16? Not so much from a guidance standpoint but just from an end market, tough comps, easy comps, because what was very clear is that your residential side was up at least it was positive. I cant say so much for your largest competitor on that front.
Don Slager: Before we, Ill give you a little flavor for 16. Of course, were not going to give guidance. But first for 15 for the quarter, it was good volume growth. Remember there were a couple of issues in that. One is the year-over-year comp on special waste. Last year, as Chuck said, in Q3 we had a record special waste quarter so still had a strong quarter in special waste in 2015 and the pipeline is still robust just had a tough comp there. And also we said in the comments, we kind of walked away from some business. Its a non-regrettable losses in around national accounts and some our broker portfolio, so that was an up size event in the quarter of this year. So we frankly look at our volumes in C&D and in our large container perm business, the manufacturing business. As we said, as we roll to the year sequentially, we see the growth come down just because the comps got tougher but we still saw plus 2% growth in those lines. And as weve said all along, our growth is heavily dependent on household starts. Good special waste flow, good construction business leads to business formation and more broad recovery. So for 2016, were expecting positive growth to continue and of course when you look at our year-over-year guidance that we did provide, our preliminary outlook of pretty strong cash flow growth, you can hopefully see that we expect that trend to continue in 16 for us.
Al Kaschalk: Great. And then if I may, my follow-up. I couldnt help but to notice on the expense side of things, maintenance and repairs up as a percentage of revenue, I think 60 basis points, year-to-date up above 40 relative comparable period. So is there anything going on there in terms of with automation related maintenance, sort of this integration of the trucks? Are there any operational issues that are coming, inefficiencies that maybe spiked that a little bit, at least on a relative analysis?
Don Slager: No, I wouldnt say that theres any kind of inefficiencies. Let me explain it this way. Youre right. The maintenance costs increase year over year about 60 basis points. So as we think about that, about 20 basis points relates to the reduction in the fuel recovery fee in the commodity revenue. About 10 basis points is the mix of business that I discussed earlier, so thats the higher collection portion of the business and the lower landfill business. And about another 20 basis points then is increasing complexity associated with the fleet, which weve been talking about for a while now. And so keep in mind, were about 75%, 74% certified on our One Fleet initiative. We are closer to 90% actually rolled out that last sort of 15% hasnt been certified yet. Well have One Fleet completed mid next year and start to realize all those benefits. As we said, were beginning to very methodically extend the useful life of the fleet. Well do that over the next, continue to do that over the next three or four years. So were very happy with our fleet initiative as its paying off. We think were going to have the most reliable fleet in the industry here. By the time we roll this One Fleet completely out next year, and well be well-positioned to deal with the fleet complicity issues as they come. So and again really the issue in the margin is the mix stuff that Chuck described.
Chuck Serianni: And Al, a good portion of that complexity is really the compliance with the new emission standards that really began in 2008, and theres been a couple of generations of those engines but as you add more of those engines post 2008 and you have to comply with those enhanced emissions control, thats basically what we're talking about with enhanced complexity.
Al Kaschalk: So that should start to ease off the burden, I should say should start to see less of an impact, I guess?
Don Slager: Yes. And then of course there is an impact, theres a cost impact while your rolling out One Fleet change, right, and when everyone is certified and running under the new standards, then well get to bow [ph] away the costs when that starts to dissipate and go away as well.
Operator: Thank you. Scott Levine, Imperial Capital. Your line is now open.
Scott Levine: I think, Don, you mentioned an improvement in churn is kind of a factor behind the improvement in yield there. Wondering if thats indicative of a broad trend, youre seeing momentum, just a little bit more color with regard to that aspect as the yield figures continue to surprise the upside this year.
Don Slager: Well first of all, everything weve been doing around the tools weve talked about, right. Weve talked about rolling Capture out, which is our cloud-based tool, and our tighter sales force now is using the Capture tool, so weve got as we said, the goal there was to get much better control at the point-of-sale in the decision-making process. Also making that sales team more efficient and effective. The PBS training, we've talked about extensively. Really targeting more successfully customers that have more willingness to pay and have more sort of interest in value. That's all happening. We're actually going out with a little more price because we think the customer base is willing to take it and we frankly think our service levels have increased. Through fleet reliability, lowering turnover, improving customer commitments, and so on and so forth. So we think all of that happening from the efforts that we're undertaking as well as, frankly, the markets rational and there is some positive growth in the market and even the more irrational smaller competitors tend to be more rational when there is some positive organic growth. So I think all of that together is giving us a better answer in churn but we think certainly some of it is based on the efforts we've made to be more focused in that area.
Scott Levine: Got it. And then as the follow-up, I guess, you talked about special waste being a negative here, I guess a portion of that is the weakness in the energy services in Tervita, and a portion of it maybe is kind of the more traditional special waste business. Can you elaborate further as to maybe the profitability and how that might compare in the MSW side of your landfill business, and should we expect that non-energy portion to come back in the fourth quarter? Or might that continue? Maybe a little bit more elaborate in the energy, or I'm sorry, the special waste pipeline in general.
Don Slager: Let separate the two. Let me first start by saying that the E&P business is 1% of our revenue. Okay, so that's really not the tail that's wagging the dog here. Our special waste year-over-year comp was tough because our 14 special waste was a banner year. But we still had a very good a quarter in special waste. We've got a full pipeline. So our special waste sales team is very confident that we're not seeing a slowdown there. So we think that special waste is good. As far as E&P goes, you read the papers, right, so I don't know that we're going to have a big recovery in Q4. There are -- we're hearing bits and pieces of good news and some new wells being drilled and so forth out there, but I think we'd like to believe it gets a little better from here. But again, it's a very small part of our business. So that's really not the headline, Scott.
Scott Levine: Got it. So with regard to the volume trajectory here in the fourth quarter, not asking for explicit volume guidance but special waste it sounds like expect a continuation from Q3 and then trends in the traditional business should be healthy with a good pipeline?
Don Slager: Yes. So what we're seeing right now, Scott, is probably volume growth of about 1% for the year.
Scott Levine: Got it. Great. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you, speakers our next question is from Corey Greendale with First Analysis. Your line is now open.
Corey Greendale: I was thinking about the trajectory on yields so understand CPI has a headwind next year but you've got more volume in the market which helps and you've got the full year of your priority based selling so can you just help us think through of how you're thinking about what yield looks like next year?
Don Slager: Yes. So, we're not going to give you yield guidance. Let me start by saying this. You know what portion of our portfolio is based on CPI. We're going to have a headwind just on CPI alone next year, year-over-year of about $0.04. Okay? We're going to overcome that headwind because of all the other things that we're doing in the business. We talked about all of the other issues that we're doing around priority based selling, Capture, all the rest of it, and again, we think volume will continue to be decent in 2016. So I can't give you much more toward 16 than that. We're going to give you detailed guidance in February. Just think about that overcoming CPI with about a $0.04 headwind but still a pretty strong EPS performance in that range I gave.
Corey Greendale: Hey and then this is also sort of a guidance question so hopefully you can answer this one. But first of all, the 2015 guidance, you raised the cash flow from OPS guidance. What's driving that? And then related to that, the 2016 the free cash flow guidance, growth is above the high end of EPS guidance growth. Can you just talk about what's driving that, if it's CapEx or working capital or cash taxes or something?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, hey Corey, this is Brian. So if you kind of take a look, there's kind of a little bit of a push and pull there so we are anticipating spending a little bit less on cash taxes in 2015, and that was offset by a slight increase in capital spending and the two basically offset each other.
Corey Greendale: Okay. Then for 2016 is the fact that free cash flow growth is expected to be higher than EPS growth, is that driven by cash taxes or CapEx?
Brian DelGhiaccio: It is. It's actually being driven by bonus depreciation. So you get less of a reversal than in 2015, excuse me, in 2016 than we did in 2015.
Corey Greendale: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you speakers our next question is from Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Ovshey: Couple of ones for you. So first on the shift of customers from CPI to alternative indices, so thats $200 million now. I forget exactly over what time period that is. It sounds like about a year. Is that the sort of peace we should be thinking about? The goal is about $200 million per annum in terms of shifting from CPI? And just on that $200 million, that debt shift, out of the gate, what sort of impact does that have on pricing?
Chuck Serianni: So Alex, its probably a little bit too early to still unfortunately to give you a cadence because again as you can appreciate, some of this depends on the size of the contracts that are coming to term, it depends on how frequently were opening contracts in the mid-term of a contract. Many of these changes have happened while the contract is still in place for the opening contracts for other reasons, things like service increased levels and those kind of things. So its going to depend on that pace. Its also going to depend on basically frankly the market at large and how broadly its accepted. I think we proved in that it can happen and we started this a little over a year ago in earnest. And so were real happy with the progress. This $200 million is remember on that $800 million municipal vertical and so were call it a fourth of the way through that. And then well be tackling some of the larger contracts that are in that other $1 billion plus of municipal business. At the same time, of course, were tackling the recycling fees. So theres a lot of conversation happening with municipal customers, but we think were making good progress and well just keep informing you as we go and well be baking we think that trend is into our guidance and we have got it baked into what that preliminary outlook is for 2016 currently.
Alex Ovshey: Got it. And on the recycling side, can you elaborate a little bit more what a fee-based model is. Is that essentially getting paid for the service and then only sharing in profits on top of what the actual cost to profit the material is?
Don Slager: Thats it. If youre looking for a job, we can put you right on the front line convincing those customers just like you just did, right. So we need to have our cost of capital covered in the fee based. It basically is a more fair value sharing arrangement. It gives the municipality much more upside. It certainly drives them to produce a better quality volume, right, less contaminate which is important to the overall value of the material when we sell it. And it just can put excess from downside. But as I said in my comments, municipalities that we want to recycle, they want real sustainability. They want the durability of a program for the consumer base, for their ratepayers and this is a fair way to do it. So we made a pretty major switch in one of our largest if not the largest contract we have, and thats a good place to start. And well continue to work through the system as we go forward.
Alex Ovshey: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And just two quick ones from me. In terms of industrial volume, a lot of talk about parts of the industrial economy that are weakened. Obviously, some way, shape, or form its related to energy, and not direct energy has softened. So anything you guys see in the industrial vertical that gives you pause around volumes looking forward?
Don Slager: No, not today. I think again weve got continuing in our overall business, strong price in industrial, we call industrial perm, which is in container manufacturing, strong price and volume, over 5% price in our temp which is our construction part of that large container vertical. You probably see a little less activity in some of those economies, local economies where energy was booming. Theres certainly less infrastructure being developed than there was a year ago. That was a good headline story as we came out of the rut. But the rest of the country is holding up really well. So those are pretty broad-based numbers.
Alex Ovshey: Got it. Okay Don. Thank you very much. I will turn it over.
Don Slager: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Box with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Joe Box: So you picked up 4.7% core price in your open markets, which looks pretty solid to me. Im just curious how you guys feel about your price position in those open markets. Are you meaningfully above the market? Are you in line? I guess what I'm trying to understand is if you have the ability to raise your pricing at a similar trajectory or even higher next year to offset that $0.04 CPI headwind.
Don Slager: The open market has consistently performed for us over the last couple of years, and well continue to test the market, Joe. With the tools we have now, as you know, we can somewhat control the pricing activity, the price increase activity here from the corporate center using a process that we internally call RPM. So every month were looking at a portion of the customer base. It give us the ability to try to understand what price elasticity looks like in a given market. It allows us to put out an offer accordingly. We will continue to use that process of service pretty well. So what we think the pricing for next year is baked into the preliminary outlook we provided. Again, we'll give you a much more detail on that in February. But all systems seem to be go and the tools are working. The systems in place are working. The broader market is holding up well. The open market is performing well for us. As I said, a pretty rational market overall. Those are the things we need to see and as I said so many times, as long as organic growth continues, even the smaller callers tend to have more rational behavior around pricing when they're getting some measure of organic growth. So, those will continue. I think next year will shape up pretty well for us.
Joe Box: Understood. Thanks. And actually just a follow-up on pricing. Maybe just your current picture. You mentioned earlier a step-up in price just for your service overall. I'm curious if that's across-the-board or is it more concentrated in any particular business?
Don Slager: Well I think it's pretty strong overall. Again, I just said we got 5% price in our 10th business which is construction. That's pretty strong and open market small container is probably frankly one of our strongest. So yes, there's no one market that stands out as, no one part of the country that stands out in my mind as doing much better than any other part. It's pretty broad based which to me gives me a lot of confidence.
Joe Box: Got it. One quick follow-up, if you don't mind. Just relative to the free cash flow guidance for next year, do you guys have any CapEx savings baked into from One Fleet or is that more of a 2017 type item?
Chuck Serianni: No. Absolutely. We've got One Fleet CapEx savings baked in of about $40 million, which is consistent with the savings that we saw in 2015. Keep in mind that what we talk about in terms of One Fleet is $200 million of savings that we're going to realize over the course of the next four or five years or so.
Operator: Thank you speakers our next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Michael Hoffman: Let me follow-up on the free cash just so I haven't actually confused myself listening to all the questions and answers. If I understood Chuck's comment, there will be less cash tax paid because BD winds down incrementally and will you in fact spend less in absolute dollars in capital spending?
Don Slager: No.
Chuck Serianni: No.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So there's no benefit to capital spending in free cash flow, if I wind is back, if it's 8 at the midpoint, I can walk it back to ex, the cash tax issue its 5.6 from good old operations? That's a way to think about it. So there's free cash flow growth driven by the underlying business ex the cash tax.
Chuck Serianni: Absolutely, Michael.
Don Slager: You said it, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: All right. That's what I wanted to make sure I understood. And then the churn comment I thought was interesting because -- am I wrong in thinking that churn has -- there's all kinds of interesting knock on consequences when churn is coming on and whether what is driving it down or things that happen as a result of being driven down. One of the biggest meaningful issues is that you don't have so many missed stops and missed stops are about the fleet breaking down, and so while we may see R&M up and everybody is wringing their hands about it, it clearly has introduced a more reliable fleet which just helps to lower the missed stops and all of those things that happen. Is that right?
Don Slager: That is right.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Don Slager: We said it at the very beginning when we launched One Fleet. We are a fleet-based operation. We are the eighth largest location fleet in the nation. Whatever it is, 75% of our revenue comes from our collection business. And we make our money with trucks and very important that we have total fleet reliability. One Fleet has been about that, improving reliability in the fleet which we think improves employee engagement. It improves driver turnover. It improves service levels. It improves our brand on the street. And so on and so on and so on. It affects everything we do. So that's why we poured ourselves into One Fleet. It also allows us to methodically extend useful life of the fleet. Again which now we're second year in a row, now we're taking benefit in doing that. Again, very methodically over a four to five year period. Not just flipping a switch but with a better fleet overall. So yes, it runs through the organization. Again, churn is the difference in revenue per unit between gained and lost business.
Michael Hoffman: Right.
Don Slager: That's simple, right? So we're also selling new business at a higher rate than we were last year. So if you signed up with us last year, you would maybe pay the slightly lower rate per unit and now we're selling more value where you're paying a higher rate per unit. So we watch that as well. So were addressing it fundamentally in the operations through being a better service provider, creating a better customer experience, and we're doing it through our sales efforts and all of our tools and then sort of our centralized controls on RPM, et cetera. All those things got to work together to really drive churn in the right direction. Again as I said, the fact that the market is rational and there's organic growth, that certainly helps our cause.
Michael Hoffman: Right. And the other secondary benefit of that is all of those service issues, everybody is happier, coupled with good volume, underlying good volume in the market means you are keeping more of the price you are going to the market with. Thats
Don Slager: Thats absolutely right. Were going out with higher prices to the customer and a rollbacks are less. So we are keeping a higher percentage of a higher number. And again, its a big business with a lot of moving parts and weve got to do a lot of things right every day but all those efforts are showing up in churn.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Okay. So Ive always thought of garbage as evolutionary, not revolutionary. The evolution here is the steady reliable improving trend in the right direction.
Don Slager: There you go.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. One thing. Special waste, I get the comp in the third quarter. Is there a rollover of any of that into the fourth quarter? So Im just thinking about how to gauge my year-over-year trend.
Chuck Serianni: No. I wouldnt say that theres as much rollover. We heard that some of the jobs that were scheduled to take place in the third quarter might have gotten pushed but were thinking that theyre probably more pushed into the first and second quarters of next year. So I would say, Michael, theres not a lot of rollover into the fourth quarter this year.
Don Slager: But the fourth quarter comp for us is maybe a little tougher than norm to your point. We had this record year in Q3 last year. We had a pretty strong Q4 in special waste last year. But then normalizes after that.
Michael Hoffman: Got it.
Don Slager: The report in from the sales team is not that the pipeline is drying up, just that we probably gave them too big of a goal. Last year, we had this record year so we tend to put the goals out there, but we still feel pretty confident that the special waste is not drying up. Its continuing and next years trend will be pretty solid.
Michael Hoffman: And to hit the 1% for the full year, 4Q would be up sequentially. It has to be.
Chuck Serianni: Or relatively consistent with, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Chuck Serianni: You bet Michael.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question is Tony Bancroft with Gabelli & Company. Your line is now open.
Tony Bancroft: Taking into account all that you had in your prepared comments regarding the recycling and the answers you gave in the previous questions, can you still give us sort of a give me an overall what's like a realistic long-term goal for the percent switchover? I mean is it 100%, is it 50%, can you give me, whats the appetite for or the attitude of a customer in that capacity?
Don Slager: If all of our customers are listening in all of my sales organization is listening, the long-term goal is 100%. Because frankly, again, you cant have a business model that doesnt return your cost to capital. Okay. And our recycling business today is improving because were improving operating costs. Because were shutting facilities. Were actually investing in some facilities where we have good public/private partnerships who are willing to pay for recycling. But were going to change the model because weve got this macro thing going on with China. We dont how long its going to last but thats the new norm. We cant live in that norm. Weve got to live in a different world and thats the conversation we had with a large customer that we described. So that gives me great hope that we can do it. We certainly have the appetite to do it and were not going to have a business that doesnt return its cost to capital and give us good earnings results. On the new indices, its the same thing. A $0.04 headwind next year because CPI is going to knock us on our can so we cant live that way. We have about $0.03 for every dollar of revenue around here goes to pay people, right. We are a people intensive business. We are a capital intensive business and got to replace trucks containers, got to pay your people well if you want to attract the best people, and those people expect earnings increases and the last I checked healthcare is not getting cheaper, right, so CPI doesnt cut it. If you are a business owner out there and youre willing to live with 0.5% price increases in your contracts, youre going to be sad by the time you get to the fifth year of your contract. Thats what weve been living through. So weve found other ways around it now. We finally said enough is enough last year and we started to move the index out and a lot of people said it couldnt be done. The market wouldnt go for it. We now have got 25% of that market vertical converted. And were not stopping there. Its just a matter of the pace. And again, were going to make the appropriate returns for our owners in this business. We dont have to haul everybodys garbage. We just have to haul garbage for people that want good quality service for a fair price.
Tony Bancroft: And then switching over to M&A for the back end of the year here. Could you go through maybe what the pipeline mix might be? I know that you said E&P is obviously only a small part of the business but what that would potentially be and then in the traditional solid waste side.
Don Slager: Most of it. Most of its going to be traditional solid waste. Some of those tuck-ins come with a little bit of recycling along with them, so we take that along with it. There may be in the NPS at out there two. If you could buy it right now but everyone is scared of it. We still think it's a good business through the cycle. We think it's going to come back over time and we're going to be happy with it but like the assets we own, like the people that we have in that business. We'll be selective but there might be a little bit of that. Again, that's not going to be the headline, Tony. The tuck-ins in the solid waste business come with very low risk, very high return. Again, as I said, low multiples net of synergy and our ability to integrate those is very, very quick. So we go from purchase date to with 120 days basically collecting the money and seeing the synergy benefits. So that's where we're going to play.
Tony Bancroft: Right, and then just in that solid waste side, any potential $75 million ones like larger tuck-in or are they all going to be sort of small?
Don Slager: No, we don't see them on the horizon right now. There's really nothing out there that's really of that size that's interesting. They tend to be very small. But as we always say as a qualifier, we try to maintain a very flexible financial position. Even with this new upsized stock authorization we got from our Board. We have the flexibility to buy a little more if we want and if something of size comes on the market, we'll be able to take a good strong look at it.
Tony Bancroft: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: [Technical difficulty] Our next question is from Charles Carter from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Charles Carter: Good afternoon. Chuck, to go back to comments about kind of the solid waste margin expansion of 50 bps year-over-year, you said there was also a 20 basis point headwind from recycling, and then I think you also pointed out a 30 basis point headwind from, I didn't catch that one. A - Chuck Serianni. Yes, so the 30 basis point headwind in addition to that was from recent acquisitions including integration costs associated with those acquisitions.
Charles Carter: Okay. And then, are you able to parse out what Tervita did? How that factored into the margin?
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so when we think about that 30 basis points I just talked about, I would say the majority of that is Tervita.
Charles Carter: Okay. Thank you. And then my next question is, given where diesel prices are, fuel and kind of the sub $50 per barrel oil environment we're in, is this kind of altering your CNG investments at all? Or how is that changing things in 2016 versus say 2015?
Don Slager: You will see it's just like we did in 15. We geared more of our purchase around CNG vehicles to facilities that we already had made the infrastructure investment in, right? So the goal is once the infrastructure is in place to convert the entire fleet at that local division to CNG. We saw less investment in new infrastructure around CNG in 15 and 14. We're still going through that calculation in 16 but we think CNG still is an overall sort of good investment. Remember, we are only converting to CNG for our replacement vehicles. We've got to buy whatever it is, 1,000 trucks a year as the old ones roll off, and we're replacing those in some cases with CNG. So were not going out and accelerating our fleet purchases just because natural gas is a good deal. So we like almost everything else we do, we sometimes get criticized for kind of taking the slow play on it but very slow, methodical, logical, and as the market shift moves, we think overall that's the right approach and you'll see more of that in CNG next year and we've taken some parts [ph] to recycling. We never jumped all in with both feet. We just kind of moved forward in the recycling business in a methodical way.
Charles Carter: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have questions today. I will now turn the call back to Don Slager for any closing remarks.
Don Slager: Well, thank you, Tori. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, their commitment, and of course all your dedication and excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and be safe out there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Today's call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following the Republic summary of quarterly earnings. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. DelGhiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. DelGhiaccio.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Brian DelGhiaccio and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' second quarter 2015 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 23, 2015. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the events. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Republic team continued our strong start to the year and delivered another solid quarter. We achieved higher levels of core price and average yield, profitably increased volumes, made continued progress against our multiyear initiatives, and reported earnings and free cash flow growth. We continue to see positive momentum in our business from successfully executing our strategy and a steady improvement in solid waste trends. Some of our second quarter and year-to-date highlights include: second quarter EPS was $0.54; the second quarter benefited approximately $0.03 due to a lower tax rate; year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $410 million, which was in line with our expectations; second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.3%, which was consistent with the prior year and our full-year guidance; core price in the second quarter was 3.8% and average yield was 2.4%. The sequential improvement in yield performance reflects an increase in the level of pricing, a favorable reduction in rollbacks, and an improvement in the impact from churn. Each of these components of average yield has benefited from our revenue enhancing initiatives. This is the second straight quarter of reporting average yield in excess of 2% while growing volumes in excess of 1%, which clearly demonstrates our ability to grow both price and volume simultaneously. Second quarter volumes increased 1.1%, which was broad-based geographically and included positive contribution from our collection and disposal lines of business. The year-to-date investment in solid waste acquisitions was $116 million. This includes our normal tuck-in transactions and approximately $80 million of consideration for a life-of-site agreement to operate the Sonoma County landfill and transfer station network. We commenced operations of Sonoma County on April 1 of this year. The integration of Tervita is going well and on track with our plan. Performance has been short of our original expectations due to a sharper decline in the rig counts and drilling activity, but we remain pleased with the people and the quality of the assets. We are well positioned to take advantage of a recovery in this business. As part of our efficient capital allocation strategy, we returned approximately $400 million total cash to our shareholders since the beginning of the year. This includes 5.1 million shares repurchased for $205 million. We have $155 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization, which intend to complete during 2015. Additionally, our board recently raised the quarterly dividend to $0.30, an increase of approximately 7%. We continue to make progress on our multiyear initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy. These initiatives are designed to profitably growth our business, enhance the customer experience, further differentiate our service offerings, and reduce costs. Regarding our revenue enhancing initiatives, all of our markets are using our capture pricing tool. 75% or our sales force has been trained on priority-based selling, or PBS. We expect PBS to be fully rolled out by the end of the year. Nearly one million customers has enrolled in the My Resource customer portal and app. And finally, we have approximately 350 contracts with more than $150 million in annual revenue that now use an alternative index for the annual price adjustment. We continue to educate municipalities and expand the use of indices that more closely align with our cost structure. Regarding our fleet, 15% of our total fleet now operates on natural gas, 70% of our residential fleet is currently automated, and 70% of our total fleet has been certified under our One Fleet maintenance program. With respect to our recycling business, average recycle commodity prices remain below the 10-year average, which continues to put pressure on our results. Most of our recycling business is performed on behalf of our municipal customers under multiyear contracts. As these contracts come to term, we are focused on renegotiating terms that contain the elements most important to us, including increasing processing and service fees that allow us to recover our costs and earn a reasonable return, and implementing a commodity revenue share mechanism that fluctuates with commodity markets, but also incentivizes customers to send us clean and valuable material. We expect it will take several years to realize the full impact of our efforts, given the long term nature of these recycling contracts. In the open market, where we do not have the same contractual limitations, we have already taken the following three actions: first, we increased rates charged for recycling collection services to be more in line with solid waste services; second, we increased amounts charged for processing materials at our recycling facilities; and finally, we adjusted the rebates paid to third parties for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. We believe that improving the profitability of the recycling business ensures its sustainability, which benefits the environment, our shareholders, our customers, and the communities we serve. In summary, we are very pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date results. We are raising our full-year financial guidance as follows, based on our expected outperformance for the year. We now expect diluted EPS to be in a range of $2.02 to $2.05; our original guidance was $1.98 to $2.04. We now expect adjusted free cash flow to be in a range of $720 million to $745 million; our original guidance was $710 million to $740 million. Chuck will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Second quarter 2015 revenue was approximately $2.3 billion, an increase of $82 million over the prior year. This 3.7% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 1% and acquisitions of 2.7%. The components of internal growth are as follows: first, average yield growth of 2.4%. Average yield in the collection business was 2.9%, which includes 3.6% yield in the small container commercial business, 4.4% yield in the large container industrial business, and 1% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 0.9%, which includes landfill MSW of 1.4%. Core price, which measures price increases net of rollbacks, was 3.8%. Core price consisted of 4.8% in the open market and 1.9% in the restricted portion of our business. Second, our volumes increased 1.1% year-over-year. The collection business increased 1.3%, which includes positive contribution from the commercial business of 0.5%, the industrial business of 1.9%, and the residential business of 1.8%. Our commercial volume performance of 0.5% includes a 30-basis-point decline due to not renewing select national accounts customers and work performed on behalf of brokers. We view these losses as non-regrettable. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 0.6%. Landfill was up 0.9%, which includes positive contribution from MSW of 4% and C&D of 1.9%, partially offset by a decline in special waste of 2.1%. Special waste volumes were up 0.8% excluding the decrease in same-store E&P waste streams. The sequential decline in our volume performance from the first quarter was expected, since we had a tougher comparison in the prior period. Next, fuel recovery fees decreased 150 basis points. The change relates to a decline in the cost of fuel, which decreased approximately $33 million compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.85 in the second quarter from $3.94 in the prior year, a decrease of 28%. The current average diesel price is $2.78 per gallon. We recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs through our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally, 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. At current participation levels, a $0.20 per gallon change in diesel results in a $1 million change in annual operating income. Finally, commodity revenue decreased 100 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Commodity prices at our recycling facilities decreased 11% to an average price of $97 per ton in the second quarter, from $109 per ton in the prior year. June commodity prices were approximately $100 per ton. Second quarter recycling volume of 655,000 tons represents an increase of approximately 5% from the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, volumes were down approximately 6%. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities decreased $3 million compared to the prior year, a decrease of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Overall, we've experienced greater than anticipated headwinds from our recycling business, primarily due to recycling collection. Within recycling collection we are receiving less than anticipated rebates for materials delivered to third-party facilities. The lower rebates, which are recorded as part of our recycled commodity revenue, reduced second quarter EPS by approximately $0.01 compared to our original expectations. We recognized this headwind and implemented additional price increases in the open market to help mitigate the impact. This pricing action explains some of the sequential increase in core price and average yields compared to our first quarter results. Our material recycling facilities performed in line with our expectations. Now I will discuss changes in margin. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.3%, which was consistent with the prior year. Margin expansion from the solid waste business, which includes lower fuel cost, was offset by the impact of lower recycled commodity prices and E&P waste services. Our E&P waste business includes transition and integration costs from our recent acquisition of Tervita. There was a 250 basis point reduction in revenue due to a decline in fuel recovery fees and lower recycled commodity prices. As a result, certain cost line items increased as a percentage of revenue. This was most prominent in the larger cost categories. For example, the decline in fuel recovery fees in commodity revenue resulted at an increase in labor of 40 basis points, in maintenance of 20 basis points, and in SG&A expenses of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. The remaining increases in these three cost categories primarily relate to the mix of volume growth and integration costs. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Second quarter 2015 interest expense was $92 million, which includes $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 36.3% in the second quarter and 37.8% on a year-to-date basis. The lower tax rate in the second quarter reflects a $0.03 benefit from favorably settling certain tax matters. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% in the second half of the year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $410 million and in line with our expectations. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter based upon the timing of cash taxes and working capital. Now I'll turn the call back over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks Chuck. In closing, we continue to see a broad and sustained recovery in our solid waste business. Improving fundamentals, together with solid operational execution, have resulted in EPS and free cash flow growth and margin expansion. I am proud of how we continue to execute our business plan, and our strong performance reflects the hard work from the entire Republic team. We continue to manage the business to create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question will come from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hey, Tyler.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Hey, so Chuck, you kind of hit on this, but it looks like the overall EBITDA margins were roughly flat if you take in totality, and I guess that doesn't really jive with the 2.4% average yield. You know, I would expect to see some margin expansion with pricing over 2%, especially when you are growing volumes and fuel falling. My hunch is that Tervita kind of mixed away some of the good things in core solid waste. Is there any way that you could isolate or give us some numbers around what the core solid waste margins did?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes, sure Tyler. So quarter-over-quarter, solid waste, which includes yield obviously, was up about 60 basis points, so very solid growth from that portion of the business. You know recycling, as we have talked about, was a headwind of about 30 basis points. And then E&P, obviously Tervita, including integration costs, is a negative about 30 basis points, and that's what gets you to kind of flat year-over-year.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Excellent, very good. And then I also, I kind of want to  I get it that about 50% of your market is in the restricted piece, and let's call it 50% in the open, and I know 60% of the restricted is in CPI, but actually I want to ask about the other 40% that isn't tied directly in with CPI, but it is "restricted." So can you kind of help us understand what we should expect core pricing trends to be in that bucket as we move out to 2016, and what really moves that piece of the business?
Donald W. Slager: All right, so let's put the pieces together, right? So half of our revenue is restricted, half of it is open market. Of the restricted piece, we say 60% of that is tied to some kind of an index, right? We will come back to that. The rest that's restricted is, it might be a fixed price increase, it might be not tied to an index but have a 2%, 3%, 4% increase already built into the contract. And those might be large industrial accounts, they could be national accounts, things like that. So you know, what moves the pricing in that part of the business is just our further commitment to pricing intelligently our business and knowing when to walk away from business. You know we mentioned, Chuck mentioned in his results that  or in his comments that one of the things that impacted volume was some loss of some national account business and some broker business that we define as non-regrettable. So, you know, we're going to continue to look at business, and all customers aren't created equally. So the capture tool, the PBS training that we talked about, all those things are proving valuable throughout our business, we are going to continue to move price. We think now with what we've been seeing that price for the full year will be closer to 2% based on all of these actions.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect. So that restricted piece that's not tied to CPI doesn't necessarily move in sympathy with CPI, its actually fairly independent? Okay.
Donald W. Slager: It is somewhat independent, and again there are many different versions of contracts within that bucket, but we're basically taking our same sort of core philosophy on pricing throughout our business.
Patrick Tyler Brown: Okay perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Levine with Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
Scott J. Levine: Okay, good afternoon guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Scott.
Scott J. Levine: So I guess you mentioned use of these revenue enhancing initiatives kind of driving some of your ability to get price and volume and better rate than you guys have I think over the last few years. I was hoping you might to be able to elaborate on that a bit more. The pricing metrics in particular over the last couple quarters have been surprisingly good. Is there anything going on in the marketplace that is driving this, or is it more internal in your opinion?
Donald W. Slager: No, I think there's a lot going on. Let's talk first about our efforts, right? So we have put an incredible focus on customer experience, on service delivery, on our fleet initiatives, so our fleet is more reliable today, our customer delivery is better, we think we're extending customer loyalty, and we think we're earning that price increase more easily from our customers. So that's at work. I think we are easier to do business with than we were a year and two years ago. So we are increasing the value proposition, that's part of it. We are going out with higher price increases. We've got more confidence in earning that price increase, or asking for little higher price in the open market and getting it. Specifically also on the recycling business in the open market, with the way that recycling commodity prices dropped pretty quickly in the first half of the year, we went right to work on pricing that open market recycling business, and as we said in our comments, we've moved the prices up substantially in that segment. So that's driving it. Certainly when there is volume growth in the marketplace, market dynamics change. Generally speaking, I think competition is less likely to go out aggressively for competitive waste streams when they are getting waste streams organically. So I think that's happening, I think that's just sort of normal supply and demand kind of activity that happens in a marketplace. We are using our tools, right? So capture is rolled out to all of our areas across the country. That gives us  it makes us more efficient in talking to customers and calling on new accounts, it makes the selling process better and more desirable and enjoyable for our customers, and it gives us better pricing control at that point of decision. So that's happening, that's helping affect churn. And then PBS, tied to that training, we're also have refined our sales compensation plans, et cetera. So there's a lot of work inside the company that's doing that. Again, a normal growth environment organically would be a better market to get price in. And then obviously on the municipal side of the business, we talked about moving a portion of that business to the better index, and so every quarter now we've reported an increase in moving more customers to the new index that's more in line with our cost structure. We are going to continue that hard work, and over time we will move the needle consistently and basically kind of re-imagine how we price municipal customers, because we have to have an index that's fair. So it's a mouthful, but all those things working together for the greater good here.
Scott J. Levine: Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you. And as my follow up, I guess here, so, with the dividend hike I have that equating to about, I don't know, 55% to 60% of your free cash flow target for this year. I know you are buying back stock so that share base comes down, but you know that, coupled with the fact that you guys are spending little bit more on acquisitions last year and on pace to do so again this year, is there any thought we should have in terms of what kind of guides the thought process on the dividend, which I know is a board decision, but are you guys comfortable? I don't know where the leverage sits today, but maybe just a little bit more color around that?
Charles F. Serianni: You know, we are certainly comfortable with the leverage where it's at today. And you know, keep in mind also that we are going to be growing the EBITDA of the company. When we think about dividend growth, we think about growing dividends in line with our growth in free cash flow, so that's something that's very, very comfortable for us. You know, a 7% growth in the dividend this quarter is right in line with our five-year CAGR, and it's obviously something that we are all very comfortable with, that the board's very comfortable with.
Donald W. Slager: Scott, we expect the leverage to continue to drop through the course of the year to sub-three. We anniversary some events, the business continues to perform and grow as Chuck said, so we are very comfortable with the leverage. And we do a very in-depth discussion with our board every year on our financial policies and cash allocation. We had a very big discussion with our board this week on the dividend. We always had that kind of holistic view of cash for acquisitions, cash for dividend and for buyback. And so we'll continue to do that, and we think this is right sort of balanced approach to efficiently return cash to shareholders. And the question was do we have confidence; we wouldn't have done if we didn't have confidence in it.
Scott J. Levine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thank you very much for taking my questions Don, Chuck and Brian.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hi guys. On the operating leverage of the business, when I think about Chuck's comment that there was 60 basis points of leverage on solid waste but it's offset by 60 basis points from recycling E&P, how do I think about that tracking into the second half? Is the 60 on the E&P and recycling kind of going to be a constant, but the solid waste should have some acceleration, maybe running towards 100 basis points?
Charles F. Serianni: I think it's going to be relatively consistent, Michael, over the course of the remainder of the year. I don't see the headwind  we are not forecasting the headwind in recycling to go away anytime soon, and we're certainly not calling for an upturn in oil rigs. We don't see that anytime real soon. So I think that that headwind's going to consist  stay consistent. I would also say that we feel very comfortable with the increase in solid waste, and we think that we're going to continue to benefit from the initiatives that Don had talked about, as well as our continued focus in on driving up our yield.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, so Michael I'll add to that. I look at that as upside, right? Because the underlying business, the majority of our business, our solid waste business, is performing very well, and we've got these two components, right? Recycling is 9% of our revenue, commodity sales is about half of that 9%, and then our E&P business is less than 2% of our overall business. So we've got these two sort of micro verticals here that you know are fairly volatile. But we are confident that they'll return; we're bringing more focus to the recycling space than we ever have. So as we get those businesses to come around and the broader macro environment improves, that's just sort of added fuel to an already very well operating and performing core business.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay, so just so I make sure I understood it  this isn't my second question, operator...
Donald W. Slager: Oh, I think it is, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Then, well just so I  so the 60 stays 60 as the headwind, 3Q, 4Q, but the 60 that was solid waste should improve  maybe it's 70, 80; 80 goes to 90, 100, 3Q, 4Q, that's the way to think about it based on what you all have just said?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, well if you think about it, one of the big points of  that when Chuck mentioned the headwind from E&P integration, some of the integration cost is going to taper down, right? And then obviously as you know, you've followed this business a long time, there's a lot of moving parts in mix, geographical, business mix, some of the cycles of pricing, and as we said, we expect pricing to be more like 2% for the full year now. But yeah, I mean it's  we think the underlying performance of the business improves from here. And we've got to continue to do same things we've been doing. We've got to continue to have success in moving to the new index in the municipal business, and it's going to depend a little bit on the macro environment, a little bit on the market dynamic.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then on the underlying volume trend, should we see a year-over-year improvement in the second half relative to the first half, as the drivers of this continue to improve? Residential construction, non-residential construction, it turns into more volume in the cans, the whole bit?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, I think based, Michael, on where we are right now and what we see in the future, you know we feel comfortable with the volume for the year up about 1.5%.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay.
Donald W. Slager: So to your point on more volume in the cans, we are seeing some pretty good trends in service increases, less decreases. We didn't talk about that in our comments, but that's all continues to trend very well. But again, as you know, we've all thought this thing was going to recover quicker than it did, and so I want to temper you know everyone's excitement. I mean we feel really good about the business, we are very proud of the team, but let's see how things, let's see how the market and the macro issue sort of comes around in Q3.
Michael E. Hoffman: Perfect. Well, nice job in the quarter. Thank you for everything.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks Michael.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: The next question will come from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joe G. Box: Hey, guys.
Charles F. Serianni: Hey, Joe.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Joe.
Joe G. Box: Don, could you just put some figures, or maybe at least some color, around the reduction in rollbacks and churn that you alluded to earlier?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, we can do that. You want to give him some stats, Brian?
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Joe, if you kind of take a look at each of those components right, so we talk about, call it gross price, what we're going out to the market with to our customers, as well as the impact of rollback, and then obviously that impacted churn. And if you kind of take a look at the sequential improvement in yield from 2.1% to 2.4%, each of those components had a relatively equal contribution. So think of it like 10 basis points each getting better sequentially from each of those three components, that is basically the way that you compute average yield.
Joe G. Box: Okay, understood. Yeah, interesting that you guys are actually capturing a greater percentage of that, whereas it looks like one of your competitors is capturing less, which might be a mix issue. But maybe switching gears for my follow-up, Don, I get the $0.01 hit from commodity prices sold. I'm just curious how you view that. Is it theoretically possible that  or is it positive that your third-party MRF vendors are actually doing away with rebates now? Does it suggest that maybe there's some momentum in the industry to pushing back on recycling, and theoretically this business can be structurally improved?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, it's theoretical, yes, right. So I'll tell you what's happened historically, when we've seen down cycles in recycling is just about the time the market starts to sort of revolt and raise prices and maybe constrain some service, the volume  or the commodity prices bounce back, and then the market doesn't really change very much. So the fact that this has been so steep, and I would say sustained, probably we've had great luck with moving prices forward in the open market, which says frankly, customers are willing to pay almost as much for recycling as waste. And then we've done a lot of customer insight work in our marketing group here, and customers are telling us that, it's important. If it's really important to them, they're willing to pay for it. So customer demand should accompany willingness to pay, and that's our view. Now in the  the open market's one thing, because the contractual obligations that we have with customers are different and shorter term. A lot of our recycling is done with municipalities; those are longer-term contracts, as I said in my comments. Those will take longer to turn, but I'll guarantee you this, our team here, our recycling group, our operating group, our sales team, our pricing team, all working very diligently together to think about how we are going to, as I said re-imagine the recycling business here of the future, and our view is that it's not going to be the same way it occurs today, it just can't be. And so, the overarching point there is, if we want recycling to really truly be sustainable, sustainability can't happen without consistent profitability. It's just impossible. And so we've got to find a new way to make the model truly sustainable, therefore sustainably or consistently profitable. That's again a mouthful, but it's what we're working on. We're still committed to it, because our customers want it, and as I said, if they really demand it then that should be accompanied with willingness to pay.
Joe G. Box: Appreciate it, thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Layne (34:43) with First Analysis. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question.
Donald W. Slager: Sure
Charles F. Serianni: Hey Ken (34:50).
Unknown Speaker: Let's see, just a little bit more on the pricing side again. It looks this was the second quarter where average yield came in above 2%. I just want to see if you have any view or expectations for the remainder of the year?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, we are not going to give you quarterly expectations, because I've said I think pricing will look more like 2%, the original guidance we gave you was 1.5%. So all these things coming together, again the tools being deployed, you know, the benefit of organic growth, all the things I mentioned earlier, yeah, we think we'll continue to see that kind of pricing for the reminder of the year. You know, we do have a couple of things on the forefront here, the comp gets a little bit tougher in the second half for the year, we have some one time pricing actions that we took in the second half of last year that don't happen again in 2015, but all-in we think pricing will be a pretty good story for us from here out through the end.
Unknown Speaker: Sure, thanks. That's helpful. And then I guess switching gears a little bit, more on the recycling side, are you expecting sort of any improvement in the back half of the year, just given some of the recent stabilization in the commodity pricing environment?
Donald W. Slager: No, the guidance we've given you assumes that recycling stays flat, commodity sales just stay flat from here for the remainder of the year. If it takes a bounce, that will be a little bit of upside for us.
Unknown Speaker: Sure, sure, okay. Great. Well, thanks guys, and good job.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Ovshey: Thank you. How are you guys?
Donald W. Slager: Good Alex, how are you today.
Alex Ovshey: Good, Don, thanks. On the cost side, so just looking at the details that you provide, so buckets like labor and related benefits, maintenance and repair, SG&A, I think of those as relatively fixed, and so buckets where you should have leverage on when volumes start to really pick up. And just looking at the year-over-year change on those costs, it sounds like they are up almost in that high single-digit range. So just on those buckets, can you just talk about why we are seeing that kind of inflation there? May be zoning in on the repair side, where you have one fleet happening, I mean I would think at some point those costs are to start to level out for you?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, you know, so Alex, you've got to keep in mind also what I said during my comments, that you've got a 250 basis point reduction in revenue, and that reduction in revenue is driving an increase in those costs, in terms of a percentage of revenue. So if you  some of the lines items that you called out are some of the larger cost categories. So in terms of labor, that's about 40 basis points of the overall increase. It's about 20 basis points on the maintenance side, and just for reference it's 20 basis points on the SG&A also. So you got to take that into consideration when you're looking at the basis point increase year-over-year. The other thing that we need to take into consideration is the mix of business year-over-year. As we've mentioned, the volume increases that we got have really been focused in on the industrial business and on the residential business, and there's not as much  our ability to leverage those costs isn't quite as great as some of the other cost categories.
Donald W. Slager: So remember too, we've got acquisitions year-over-year, we've got volume growth, and as it relates to maintenance specifically, we pointed out a couple of times before, while we're very pleased with our One Fleet initiative, and it's exactly the right thing to do, when we started that program we did not see some of the fleet complexity coming our way. So we do have some cost increases coming from the new cleaner engines and some of that. So  and I'll just remind everybody, we didn't talk about it here on the call, but one of the paybacks on One Fleet is the  aging the fleet in a methodical fashion and getting that CapEx savings that we've talked about a number times; one-time $200 million savings, plus the ongoing benefit of running a fleet that's about a year older, which is about $15 million a year in CapEx. So maintenance specifically is  we're getting a great payback on that.
Charles F. Serianni: One finer point also I think on the labor side to keep in mind, is that we did call out some integration costs this year, and that's obviously included in the labor numbers.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Yeah, and Alex just to put some numbers around the acquisition and volume growth that Don was talking about, our acquisition revenue is up 2.7% year-over-year, and volume's up 1.1%. So when you add those types of revenue, it's going to come along with it, costs, and so when you're just looking at cost change expressed as a percentage year-over-year, you've got to include those revenues as well.
Alex Ovshey: Yeah, okay, I appreciate everybody's thoughts there. And then in the filing, the 8-K, you do break out an E&P waste services revenue number; I think it's $27 million for the quarter? So is that essentially the Tervita revenue that you're reporting?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes, that's Tervita; that's primarily the Tervita revenue.
Alex Ovshey: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Al Kaschalk: Good afternoon, guys.
Brian M. DelGhiaccio: Hello, Al.
Al Kaschalk: Hope you're all doing well. I want to focus on core price for a minute, and I joined a little late so I apologize if  I know you had 3.8% for the quarter; I am not sure what it was in the first quarter. But my question is driven at the open market piece, and in particular if the volume trends are favorable, why we should not expect that number, that contribution of open market pricing, to be better going forward? Or is that the real reason why guidance is being lifted?
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, I think what we're saying is that we are lifting guidance because of the favorability that we're seeing right now in our solid waste business. You know, what I called out before is a 60 basis point increase in margin year-over-year due to the solid waste business. Keep in mind also that if you kind of look at our increasing guidance overall, a good portion of that increase is really due to the solid waste business, and  which is primarily yield.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, and it's being offset by a couple of things; we called out the commodities. We called out some of the headwind from E&P. But you are right, the core business is operating very well, and as we turn around these two very small parts of our business, although obviously volatile parts of our business, that will all come in behind it, so...
Al Kaschalk: Great.
Donald W. Slager: You're on the right track. The business is doing very well, Al.
Al Kaschalk: No, I hear you. And I guess the question that  the follow-on to that would be at some point we'll start to see that in terms of the EBITDA margin. I know there's number of moving parts and we need that restricted portion to get north to 2% to give you some help?
Donald W. Slager: Well, another way of saying it, right, is if recycling hadn't cratered on us, and E&P hadn't dried up, right, our margins would have been up 60 basis points. So that's it.
Al Kaschalk: Just a follow up I guess; one of your competitors articulated, probably for the first time, their affection for another price index as well, and I know you've talked about it's a slow process, but can you give any more insights in terms of how that's going? I know it's a process, but in terms of the realization of the new index on the customers?
Donald W. Slager: Right, so we've said that approximately, what, $2.4 billion of our business is that, again, that 30%, right. So it is restricted to some type of index. What we've been talking about lately is about $800 million of that piece is the smaller municipal contract, generally residential only, call it a five-year contract. So that $800 million, that's the first piece we've been working on to move to a new index. We've now moved $150 million of that business, $150 million of the $800 million, to a new index, that's confirmed. Still working on the balance. And as you would expect, logically, when we try to change how this occurs with our customers and within the market, we will start with smaller contracts, and having good success. The remaining $1.7 billion is larger contracts and franchise agreements that tend to run a lot longer than five years, and also include oftentimes commercial, small container, large container business. So, we're up to $150 million out of the targeted $800 million. We're progressing every quarter. We don't know how far it will go, we're certainly making strong arguments and frankly successful arguments for it, and we'll continue to do it. Again, the overarching issue here is, in these kind of public-private partnerships they've got to be mutually beneficial; it's unrealistic for our municipal partners to expect us to settle for an index that doesn't adequately cover our inflation. So we've got to cover our inflation net of productivity on a consistent basis. That's reasonable, it's fair, and that's one of the reasons we're getting it done. The fact that there is this water-sewer-trash index, something we can point to that's been in use now for what 15 years or whatever, is helping. And so, it's too early to tell how long it's going to take and how far it's going to go. I can tell this, we're not going to stop pushing. And that's  we'll update you every quarter as we go through time, but that's certainly helping and will certainly show some benefit into next year.
Al Kaschalk: Just in terms of the customer feedback, maybe you don't want to share, but I guess if it's helpful for them on their side of the equation, there would seem to be reasons that the acceptance rate would be high going forward?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, so it's fair, it's equitable and in some cases it's helpful for them, especially those municipalities that have their own sewer and water infrastructure that has been struggling to keep up with the pace of inflation. Frankly, we weren't the only ones that didn't know that this sewer, water  water-sewer-trash index existed, so we're shedding a lot of light on that. And so again, progress continues and we're hopeful and confident that we'll have another positive update for you as we go through the year.
Al Kaschalk: Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude the question and answer session. I will turn the conference back to Don for closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Well thank you, Gabrielle. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, their commitment, and most of all dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, everyone. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. Today's call is being recorded. And all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session following Republic summary of quarterly earnings. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. DelGhiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. DelGhiaccio.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. This is Brian DelGhiaccio, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2015 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 23, 2015. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call are available on Republic's Web site at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our strong first quarter results which were in line with our expectations. The Republic team continue to execute on our long-term strategy which is designed to generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth, expand margins and continually improve return on invested capital. Some of our financial highlights for the quarter include, first quarter EPS was $0.49 which included a $0.02 benefit from the timing of our Fuel Recovery Fee. We anticipated this benefit as part of our full year guidance provided in February. Adjusted free cash flow was $241 million which was in line with our expectations. EBITDA margin was 28.9% and represents a 120 basis points improvement from the prior year. Approximately 90 basis points of the improvement relates to the net impact of fuel and recycle commodities. Core price in the first quarter was 3.7% and average yield was 2.1%. This is our highest level of average yield in over four years. First quarter volumes increased 1.9% with positive contribution from all of our collection and disposal lines of business. We returned $194 million total cash to our shareholders during the quarter. This includes 2.3 million shares repurchased for $95 million. We have $265 million remaining on our existing share repurchased authorization which we intent to complete during 2015. We continue to make progress on our multi-year initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy. These initiatives are designed to profitably grow our business, enhance the customer experience, improve productivity and reduce costs. By the end of the first quarter 15% of our fleet was operating on natural gas. 69% of our residential fleet was automated and 64% of our fleet was certified under our One Fleet maintenance program. Additionally all of our markets are now using our capture pricing tool. We have trained and implemented our priority based selling program or PBS in approximately 60% of our markets. We expect PBS to be fully implemented by the end of the year. And finally over 700,000 customers are enrolled in our customer portal called My Resource. On February 13 we closed the acquisition of Tervita LLC. The assets provide a platform to expand our presence in the U.S. E&P waste sector and united experience high quality work force with the Republic team. We are still early in the integration process but it's going well and is expected. In summary, our strong performance in the first quarter was in line with our expectations and keep us on track to achieve the full year guidance we provided in February. Consistent with prior practice we will update our full year guidance on our Q2 earnings call in July. Before turning the call over to Chuck, I want to provide an update on our municipal business. We continue to educate municipalities and expand the use of indices published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, then work closely aligned with our cost structure. These include the water and sewer and trash collection services index, and the garbage and trash collection index. During the quarter we converted an additional $40 million of annual revenue and now we have over 300 contracts representing $110 million of annual revenue using an alternative index. We are still early in the process but very encouraged by our initial success. We continue to offer high quality services and products to our municipal customers. But must earn an appropriate return to deliver those services. Converting to alternative indices, together with our actions we are taking to improve the performance of our municipal business, it will take several years to realize the full impact given the long term nature of these contracts. Chuck and Brian will now discuss our financial results. Chuck?
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Don. First quarter 2015 revenue was approximately 2.2 billion, an increase of 92 million over the prior year. This 4.4% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.3% and acquisitions of 2.1%. The components of internal growth are average yield growth of 2.1%. Average yields in the collection business was 2.5%, which includes 4.1% yield in the industrial business, 3.2% yield in the commercial business and 70 basis points in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1%, which includes landfill MSW of 2%. Core price, which measures price increases, net rollbacks to our same store customer base was 3.7%. Core price consisted of 4.8% in the open market and 1.8% in the restricted portion of our business. Our volumes increased 1.9% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1.7%, primarily due to an increase in large container industrial volume. Growth in the industrial business was 3.9% with relatively equal contribution from the ferment business and temporary C&D holes. Volume in the small container commercial business was up 0.8%, and residential volume was positive 1.1%. The post-collection business was up 3.9% which is comprised of landfill growth of 4.2%, and transfer volume growth of 3.3%. Within landfill, MSW was up 5%, C&D increased 10% and special waste grew 3%. Next, fuel recovery fees decreased 70 basis points. The change relates to the decline in the cost of fuel which decreased approximately [$15 million] dollars compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.92 in the first quarter, from $3.96 in the prior year, a decrease of 26%. The current average diesel price is $2.78 per gallon. Currently we recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs through our fuel recovery fee program. Additionally 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged using financial hedges. At current participation levels, a $0.20 per gallon change in diesel results in a $1 million change in operating income. We realized a $0.02 EPS benefit in the first quarter due to a timing difference between our fuel recovery fee revenue adjustment in fuel expense, which tends to lag by one to two months. We do not expect this benefit to continue in future quarters. Finally, commodity revenues decreased to 100 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Commodity prices at our recycling facilities decreased 17% to an average price of $97 per ton in the first quarter, from a $117 per ton in the prior year. Current average commodity prices are approximately $96 per ton, First quarter recycling volume of 580,000 tons represents growth of approximately 4% from the prior year. Excluding acquisitions volume were down 5% and below our expectations. This was primarily due to congestion at the West Coast ports. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities decreased $3 million compared to the prior year, a decrease of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Now I will discuss changes in margins. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.9% compared to 27.7% in the prior year, an increase of 120 basis points. Most of the improvement relates to changes in net fuel and commodity which added 90 basis points. The remaining 30 basis points change primarily relates to reduction in risk insurance expense as a result a favorable claims development in continued improvement in safety related performance. SG&A costs were 11% of revenue, an increase of 70 basis points compared to the prior year. This change includes acquisition related cost and integration expenses associated with recent acquisitions which included approximately 30 basis points of expense during quarter. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of our cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Brain will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow, and selected balance sheet data.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Chuck. First quarter 2015 interest expense was $89 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 39.4% which was consistent with our full year guidance. First quarter adjusted free cash flow was 241 milli and in line with our expectations. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of working capital. At March 31st our accounts receivable balance was $930 million and day sales outstanding net of acquisitions was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately 7.6 billion at March 31st and availability under our bank facility was approximately 1.7 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Don Slager: Thank you, Brian. To conclude our first quarter results, put us right where we thought we would be, I am proud of how the Republic team continued to execute our strategy and our strong performance reflects their hard work. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time operator, Id like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question today. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for the first question. The first question comes from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Ovshey: Couple of one's for you on the pricing side, so the 2.1% yield is a nice improvement relative to last year. Can you talk about how you see the trajectory for the balance of the year because I believe in the second half their maybe some negative impact of the reset of CPI. Do you think we can stay above this 2% level for the balance of the year?
Brian DelGhiaccio: No Alex, were sticking with our guidance as we said in our prepared remarks, we think that average yield should still be somewhere around the one year guidance we gave. There is couple of things happening in Q1, first of all weve got a little softer quarter last year to compare to, so that kind of flows through our results here, you got to keep that in mind, Q1 of last year was impacted negatively by weather and other things. We also have had increasingly better pricing on a consecutive basis over the last four or five quarters and so as we get through the year the comps, the pricing are going to get a little more difficult because we have been improving average yield consistently. So thats going to be coming up on us. And then lastly we got a lot of pricing actions out there in Q1, specifically in and around recycling. As you know we were hit pretty hard with commodity sale prices and weve taken some pretty serious actions for pricing in the field specifically in and around recycling customers and thats all showing up in that yield.
Alex Ovshey: And then just on Tervita, now that were into '15, can you provide an update on what you expect the revenue contribution could be from Tervita in '15?
Don Slager: Yes, so we think it is just going to be right where we thought it would be for the most parts, had a little tour itself for us, but again we've only owned it for six weeks, were really happy with the assets. We have seen, I know everyone sort of read about all of the rig count dropping faster than we expected. Were seeing a little bit of softness, we anticipated some of that softness in our pro forma, in our budget and our guidance and the place we're probably being seen the weakest part in net business is the solids control piece of the business, as coming a little softer than expected and thats really got much more of a lower margin associated with it. So I think the real performance of that business as going to be pretty much on track what we expected. As far as call it cash flow on EPS.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Redding with BB&T. Your line is open.
Charles Redding: Just wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit more on the commercial side, in terms of trends what you're seeing container waste is going to be like?
Don Slager: Yes, so the container waste are up a little bit, service increases are up but not dramatically. I would tell you what were seeing in the business is continuing a broad recovery. Again, we saw it first in the construction demolition and we've talked about that for a year. Were starting to see a little bit of that improve in and around the commercial business and were seeing it frankly in some of our MSW at the landfill as well. So a broader recovery pretty good solid recovery across all regions, but not a spike just kind of a steady improvement.
Charles Redding: Do you get any sense of slowing or pressure come on the industrial side, if we think about domestically speaking the pull back in industrial production. Are you seeing any of that right at this point?
Don Slager: As Chuck said, weve got really solid performance both on the permanent side of our industrial business as well as on the temporary side, pretty strong performance. Now remember thats were going to have some headwind as we go forward on a year-over-year basis because again weve been improving that segment of our business pretty consistently quarter-by-quarter. So it's going to be more difficult as we go through the recovery to maintain some of these high growth numbers because of the comps. I mean we would expect to continue to grow but just maybe not at the same rate.
Charles Redding: That's great, appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James, your line is open.
Tyler Brown: Hey Don, so just, would love to get some color on Capture and PBS, so you know looks like you guys are virtually rolled out on Capture maybe PBS has got a little bit more to go, but it seems like you're getting some traction there, but any data points you could share around the impacts there and maybe through low churn or maybe that spread differential between lost and new business?
Don Slager: So, I won't give you the exact numbers Tyler, but I can tell you that where we've rolled out Capture and where they've been at it the longest, the price per unit of new sales are compared to last year are improving, the Capture also comes in handy and the PBS training comes in handy with retaining business, so reducing net churn from a lost business and better negotiating skills with customers on potential reduction of rates when that's necessary, that's improving. So we're seeing impact maturing which we expected, we're seeing higher rates on new business as expected and we don't have, we've got it rolled out everywhere as you'd imagine that the divisions that had it rolled out earliest have got better compliance and adoption rates and it's the ones that have been through more recently, still need to work on that, but we're continuing to improve that and by the end of the year we'll be very solid across the entire company both with Capture, PBS will be rolled out and of course we have enhanced our CRM tool, so those three things together make the sales organization much more effective, much more efficient, much more professional. And weve got the controls in place that we need to further improve churn and new pricing and new sales as well.
Tyler Brown: Okay, perfect, that's a good color. So you know again, nice quarter here and it seems like again the pricing side maybe has got a little bit of momentum there but it still seems that maintenance and repair really hasn't seen a lot of leverage from One Suite, maybe I'm missing it and that's very possible here but when would you expect kind of that unit cost inflation on the maintenance and repair side to maybe moderate or maybe even turn negative?
Don Slager: I'm going to let Chuck give you the numbers in a minute but let me just give you the color again. You know at the divisions that have been [indiscernible] longest, we've seen reduction in some pretty important metrics. Lower engine cost per hour, we've seen better fleet reliability, measured is less downtime. We've seen lower tech turnover, pretty hard to find diesel techs these days so the maintenance shops that have one fleet installed are better placed to work for those techs, all will be positive metrics. So we know its working and I'll let Chuck talk a little bit about how some of the margins, the mix have impacted what you're looking at.
Chuck Serianni: So Tyler, you know it's important to note that the impact that net fuel and commodity and commodity has had on the margins overall. We said that it was a 90 basis point improvement in the EBITDA margin, but it has a similar impact in terms of the cost margins, the impact on labor is about 30 basis points. When you look at the impact of that revenue going away, and the impact on maintenance is probably about 10 basis points. The other thing I would note is that it also has had a negative impact on our SG&A as a percentage of revenue to the tune of about 20 basis points, so you're seeing that included in the numbers that you're looking at in our press release.
Tyler Brown: Okay, yes, that's great. And then Don if I can squeeze kind of a left field question here, but I am very curious about this, so there's been a lot of talk in some of the transportation rags about a Federal highway bill that may add a size and weight provision, which would allow for heavier trucks and I'm just curious if you guys have ever looked at this or maybe contemplated any potential savings from any big changes on size and weights? I guess maybe thought of another way, do you guys typically cube out or weighed out your transfer trailers.
Don Slager: Yes, we generally weight out the transfer trailers, these are 52 foot trailers now, really mega capacity, so we work within the compliance of the current regulations for gross vehicle weight, generally speaking we max out the weight before we max out the space in the trailer and the same thing in our hauling fleet, our collection fleet. They can generally handle more weight than which is allowed under the regulation, so we live within the regulations today, we haven't looked a lot at what refining those would do for us. I dont know where that bill at or how much traction it's got but we havent spent a lot of time on that Tyler.
Tyler Brown: As left field, I was just curious, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Box of KeyBanc Capital Markets, your line is open.
Joe Box: A question for you on your residential business, if I just use the 552 million that you give in the release in terms of revenue, you're looking at about 2.6% growth rate in that business and if my model is right that looks like it's the highest growth since the last cycle. Can you maybe just put some parameters around that growth, are you seeing any changes within the organic growth rates there or is it some of the small tuck-ins just starting to add up.
Chuck Serianni: One thing Joe to remember too as well is that that's going to include acquisition growth as well, so when you think about things like you know the Rainbow franchise and some of those things that we acquired, so it's not just organic growth, it's also going to include acquisition growth as well.
Joe Box: Yes and thats why I was asking if you could just flush out maybe the difference between organic and inorganic, I mean have you seen any sort of change in the growth rate for just the organic component?
Don Slager: I would say as far as unit growth within current contracts, we havent seen any real surge there, that business tends to be a little lumpy because these are generally in the residential business five-year contracts they have [indiscernible]. We do have a couple of new contracts from organic growth in the mix today. But we budget every year for a little bit of new business and some loss business in that contractual base.
Joe Box: So it sounds like probably no inflection point from new home formation or anything like that though?
Don Slager: Not in the ordinary.
Joe Box: Relative to the SG&A, I think Chuck you call that earlier that there was some integration expense that was included in the SG&A. I'm curious what a decent run rate for the salary side is, should we expect about 30 basis points of headwind over the next couple of quarters, I know youve got some additional integration with Tervita is that a decent run rate?
Chuck Serianni: Weve said -- weve got some continued headwind with Tervita with acquisition type cost. I think overall for the year we expect that SG&A as a percent of revenue is going to be a little bit of in excess of 10%, but I would tell you that longer term for the company we feel that 10% of revenue is a comfortable spot for us in terms with our SG&A.
Don Slager: Yes and the other thing to remember Joe is that the impact of lower fuel recovery fee and lower commodity prices that doesnt have a cost offset in SG&A. So as a percent of revenue that gives us about 20% increase as a result of the decline in those revenues.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael Hoffman: I am trying to get my hands, I count that your recent guidance in the middle of the year, but you got off to a pretty good start. There is a couple of numbers that I'm like okay, this is to do weird things in the second half of the year if I am holding one and a half price, it feels like its got to walk itself up to some. And then you had a 2% to 2.5% revenue growth rate, but that was before Tervita, so I got to assume that number has got to change anyway, right? I'm struggling with -- you're not changing your outlook not even sort of being a little more optimistic about we feel really good about the outlook.
Don Slager: Yes, so let's say this, we feel good about whats going on in the business I think our comments reflected that. We got some good things going on, our initiatives all have traction, we completed the rollout of capture, were on track with their other major initiatives, we talked about some of the broader base recovery, were seeing in MSW the landfill, commercial business starting to tick up a little bit, all thats good. Tervita is going along fine, little headwind there. Again weve -- this was pretty much what we expected when we gave you guidance only two months ago. There are some anomalies and remember that we -- even though we had to take pretty big hit year-over-year in our guidance from standpoint of recyclables, weve actually -- they are actually weaker than we planned and you see that there in the numbers. So weve got that as the headwind remaining on the year and you dont know whats going to happen there just yet. So we still have to overcome three more quarters of a pretty tough recycling commodity market. We are getting traction in the programs. Remember last Q1 was pretty weak with the adverse weather, so this quarter is a fairly easy comp, again we got the $0.02 from fuel thats going to go away. So we had a good quarter and solid quarter. Well take all the credit for that, but it's just too early to talk about year-end at this point. And again as we get through the year remember weve been growing and improving price every quarter sequentially in the past four, five quarters and so as we go through the year and comp the last year, those comps are getting little tougher on year-over-year growth, so just keep that in mind.
Michael Hoffman: Are you retaining more of the price that you're putting in the street this year than you were last year?
Don Slager: We are, weve gone out with a little more pricing in the open market and weve also gone out pretty strong with price increases this year in the open market to our recycling customers because the market hasnt held up and to remember this, we already know about what our price is going to be in our restricted base, that is what it is and were trying to combat that with the new indices. And again having some pretty good traction there. So I cant predict today what the open market is going to do into Q3 and Q4. I would like to think that it's going to hold up fine as it did in Q1, so were going to continue to maintain the kind of level of actions weve taken in Q1. Were not going to relax our pricing position and were going to continue to expect more from the tools. But lot of extra price you see there is coming from open market actions and a lot of it coming from the recycling business. And we cant go back and price that again, that was sort of a one type step up.
Michael Hoffman: You got to clean up the difference between the commodity and what you're charging.
Don Slager: Thats right.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. Ill now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Sheila. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. Today's call is being recorded. And all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session following Republic summary of quarterly earnings. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. DelGhiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. DelGhiaccio.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. This is Brian DelGhiaccio. And I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter 2014 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February12, 2015. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, which were in line with our expectations. The Republic team continues to execute on our long-term strategy, designed to generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth, while continually improving return on invested capital. Some of our financial highlights for the quarter in full year include, fourth quarter adjusted EPS, was $0.50. This result includes a $0.02 benefit from the extension of CNG fuel tax credits. Full year adjusted EPS was a $1.96 and adjusted free cash flow was $709 million. Both performance metrics were in line with the full year guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. Core price in the fourth quarter was 3.2%, and average yield was 1.7%. This is our highest level of average yield in the last four years. Fourth quarter volumes increased to 1.6%, volume growth continues to be concentrated to construction and demolition waste. We returned approximately $780 million total cash to shareholders during the year, which represents a cash yield of 6%. This includes 11 million shares repurchased for $400 million. We finished the year with total shareholder return of 24.7%, the highest level in the solid waste industry and well above the SNP 500 average. Throughout 2014, we discussed our multi-year initiatives that enabled us to execute our strategy. These initiatives are designed to profitably grow our business, enhance the customer experience, improve productivity, and reduce cost. I will now recap our progress made during the year. 14% of our fleet is operating on natural gas. During 2014 we added seven CNG fuelling stations, and now operate a total of 36. We increased the automated portion of our residential fleet to 69%, from 66% in the prior year. During 2014, we certified 14% of the fleet under our One Fleet maintenance program. Approximately 60% of our fleet has been certified since inception. Some of the benefits we are seeing in our One Fleet divisions include, 1% to 2% lower maintenance cost per engine hour, 2% greater fleet reliability, 20% fewer unscheduled repairs, and 50% lower technician turnover. We continue to make investments in recycling facilities to improve productivity, and increase capabilities while rationalizing underperforming assets. We closed seven older recycling facilities that were not earning an adequate return during 2014. We invested $231 million to acquire 132 million of solid waste revenue, at a post-synergy EBITDA multiple of 5.6 times. This includes the acquisition of Rainbow Disposal, a high quality franchise business that complements our Southern California operations. Additionally, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Tervita, LLC for approximately $485 million. The acquisition of Tervita provides a platform to expand our presence in the US, ENP waste sector, and unites an experienced high quality workforce with the Republic team. We believe the ENP waste sector provides attractive long-term growth opportunities, and leverages our expertise in waste handling recovery in disposal. The assets are well-positioned with approximately 80% of the revenue generated in the Bakken, Eagle Ford, and Permian basins, we expect the deal to close this month. During 2014, we entered or we heightened our focus on our customers to differentiate our service offering, build customer loyalty, and increase willingness to pay. For example, we launched the My Resource customer portal, which gives our customers online access to their accounts and our services. Over 500,000 customers have enrolled to date. Weve launched the My Resource mobile app, an expansion of our customers online management tool. The app allows customers to schedule services and receive push notifications using a mobile device. We implemented the tablet-based Capture pricing tool, which creates a more professional sales experience, and helps realize better pricing levels at the point of sale. This rollout is complete in 17 of our 20 areas. And we launched priority based selling, or PBS, which enables us to identify end segment customers buying priorities, and attract customers that are willing to pay for enhanced offerings. We expect that PBS will be fully implemented by the end of 2015. Im proud of our many achievements during 2014, which are reflected in our strong performance. Before turning the call over to Chuck, I want to provide an update on the residential business. Last quarter we discussed the actions we are taking to improve performance. Since then we have engaged many of our municipal customers and made good progress. Most of our municipal partners were on a pricing mechanism that is fair to both parties, and understand low CPA space resets, and that kept pace with cost increases over the last six years. We had continued to educate municipalities and expanded the use of industries published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, than more closely aligned with our structure. These include the water and sewer and trash collection services index, and the garbage and trash collection index. We are very early in the process, but remain encouraged by our initial results. The remainder of our business continues to perform well, and is generating strong year-over-year increases in revenue and EBITDA. Chuck and Brian will now discuss our financial results, Chuck?
Chuck Serianni: Thank you Don. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.50, which excluded Bridgeton related mediation - remediation charges of $0.32, and divestiture related cost of $0.04. During the fourth quarter we recorded a charge of $191 million, primarily related to the Bridgeton landfill. The charge primarily relates to additional cost to operate, maintain, and replace equipment to the end of the post closure period. We were able to make better assessment of future costs now that the Leachate management facility is operational. And operating costs stabilized on equipment that was upgraded in prior quarters. The charges accrued upfront, because this is a closed site, but the cash will be spent over the next 35 years. Fourth quarter 2014 revenue was approximately $2.2 billion, an increase of $84 million over the prior year. This 3.9% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 2.6%, and acquisitions of 1.3%. The components of internal growth are, average yield growth of 1.7%. Average yield in the collection business was 1.9%, which includes 2.9% yield in the industrial business, 2.1% yield in the commercial business, and 90 basis points in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.1%, which includes landfill MSW of 1.6%. Core price, which measures price increases, net of rollbacks to our same store customer base was 3.2%. Core price consisted of 4.3% in the open market, and 1.5% in the restricted portion of our business. Our volumes increased 1.6% year-over-year. The collection business was positive in 1.8%, primarily due to an increase in industrial volume. Growth in the large container industrial business was 4.8%, and includes C&D and other temporary business, which was up 6%. Volume in the small container commercial business was up 1.2%, and residential volume was relatively flat. The post-collection business was up 60 basis points and included landfill growth of 1.4%, partially offset by decline in transfer station volumes of 1.3%. Within landfill, MSW was up 2.1%, C&D increased 5.5%, and special waste grew 50 basis points. We expected special waste growth to moderate in the fourth quarter, due to a tough comparison in the prior year. Next, fuel recovery fees decreased 20 basis points. Most of the change related to decline in the cost of fuel. Fuel cost decreased approximately $22 million compared to the prior year, which includes a CNG tax credit of $10 million. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.58 in the fourth quarter, from $3.87 in the prior year, a decrease of 7.5%. The current average diesel price is $2.83 per gallon. During 2014, we increased the amount of fuel we recover through our fuel recovery fee program. Currently we recover approximately 80% of our total fuel costs, additionally 20% of our diesel gallons are hedged, using financial hedges. At current participation levels, a $0.20 per gallon change in diesel, results in a $1 million change in operating income. Since diesel cost decreased significantly over the last two months, we expect to realize a $0.02 EPS benefit in the first quarter of 2015. This relates to the timing of our fuel recovery fee adjustment, which tends to lag the change in fuel expense by one to two months. We assume diesel prices remain at the current price of $2.83 per gallon in our 2015 EPS in free cash flow guidance. We expect a favorable impact to EBITDA margins in 2015, since both revenue and cost will decline by a relatively equal amount. Finally, commodity revenue decreased 50 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales reflects a decrease in tons sold and the decline in recycle commodity prices. Commodity prices decreased 2.5%, to an average price of $113 per ton in the fourth quarter, from a $116 per ton in the prior year. Fourth quarter recycling volume of 568,000 tons, was down approximately 5% from the prior year. Most of the decrease relates to underperforming facilities we closed during the year. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities decreased $4 million compared to the prior year, a decrease of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Current average commodity prices are approximately $95 per ton, this is down approximately $20 per ton from October prices, which we used to provide our preliminary outlook. This results in a $0.06 headwind to 2015 EPS if prices remain at current levels. We are taking actions to raise prices for recycling collection services, and adjusting rate rebates to our open market customers in response to lower commodity prices. We know our customers value, the high quality recycling services that we provide and we must earn an appropriate return to deliver those services. Before I move on, Id like to summarize the impact in changing fuel and commodity prices on our 2015 guidance, and reconcile the difference to the preliminary outlook we provided last October. The impact of lower net fuel and lower recycling commodity prices, results in a $0.04 EPS headwind consisting of a decrease of $0.06 due to lower commodity prices, and an increase of $0.02 due to the timing difference of our fuel recovery fee program. Accordingly, the lower end of our 2015 EPS guidance is $0.04 lower than our preliminary outlook. This assumes recycled commodity prices remain at current levels. The high-end of our 2015 EPS guidance is only $0.02 lower than our preliminary outlook. The high-end considers the impact if commodity prices return back to $115 per ton beginning in the second quarter. Excluding fuel and commodity, our 2015 EPS and free cash flow guidance is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided. Now I will discuss changes in margins. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.1% compared to 30.3% in the prior year, a decrease of 220 basis points. Most of the change relates to favorable items in the prior year, which included 160 basis points from one time environmental and risk insurance savings. The remaining 60 basis points change primarily relates to an increase in legal accruals of 50 basis points, and the timing of incentive compensation accruals of 50 basis points. And these are partially offset by a benefit from CNG tax credits of 40 basis points. On a full year basis our EBITDA margin was 28.1%. Id like to point out a couple of line items. Maintenance cost increased 20 basis points, compared to the prior year. Most of the change relates to increased vehicle complexity and cost to refurbished vehicles and containers to support volume growth. We continue to see higher cost to maintain newer engines, due to enhanced emissions controls. SG&A costs were 10.3% of revenue, an increase of 20 basis points compared to the prior year. Most of the change relates to an increase in incentive compensation expense and an adjustment to bad debt expense in the prior year. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of our cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Brian will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data. Brian?
Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks Chuck. Fourth quarter 2014 interest expense was $88 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 38.4% of adjusted earnings for both the fourth quarter and full year. In 2015 we expect to return to our statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. The increase in tax rate together with the exploration of CNG tax credits results in a $0.06 EPS headwind in 2015. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $709 million. This performance includes a cash tax benefit from the extension of bonus depreciation of approximately $45 million, partially offset by a capital pull forward of $25 million. At December 31st our accounts receivable balance was $930 million, and day sales outstanding was 38 days or 26 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately 7.1 billion at December 31st, and availability under our bank facility was approximately 1.6 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks Brian. Before I open up the call for questions, I will provide our 2015 financial guidance. We expect diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.98 to $2.04. This performance represents mid to high single-digit earnings growth after excluding the $0.06 headwind from tax related items, and $0.04 headwind from net fuel and commodity. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to be in a range of $710 million to $740 million. This performance represents mid to high single-digit growth after excluding the cash tax impact from the exploration of bonus depreciations and impact from net fuel and commodity. We expect annual revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, which includes average yield of approximately 1.5%, volume growth of 1.5% to 2%, contribution from acquisitions of 1.5%, a decline in fuel recovery fees of 1%, and a reduction in recycled commodity revenue of 50 to 100 basis points. We anticipate EBITDA margin of 28% to 28.5%, our 2015 EBITDA margin guidance is consistent with our slightly up versus, or slightly up versus our 2014 performance. Most of the expected improvement relates to the impact of lower net fuel. 2015 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $855 million, this level of spending includes a $40 million benefit from cost effectively extending the useful life of our fleet, offset by growth capital of 35 million, infrastructure development of 15 million and investments in technology of 10 million. Our 2015 guidance does not include the pending acquisitions of Tervita LLC, which we anticipate will close this month. We expect to maintain our 2015 full year EPS and free cash flow guidance after the deal closes since integration cost and infrastructure development expenditures are projected to offset the contribution from the acquisition in the first year. This is consistent with the expectation we provided when we announced the deal in December. Well onto our business fundamentals and strength of our assets has not change. We will continue to manage the business to create long-term shareholder value in 2015, we will remain focused on executing our strategy which is designed to profitably grow our business through organic growth opportunities and acquisitions, gain pricing power through differentiation and superior service delivery, improve productivity and reduce cost through our fleet faced initiatives. Generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth, and continually improve return on invested capital. And increase cash returns to shareholders while maintaining a strong capital structure. We look forward to delivering on our promises to key stake holders including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. For our customers we strive to provide the highest level of customer service. We are committed to developing differentiated and superior products that enhance the customer experience. For the communities we serve, we are the go to resource for delivering safe, environmentally friendly and innovative solutions that make communities better. For our employees, training and developing our people is a priority. We strive to be the employer of choice. And for our shareholders, we remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value by generating consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, improving return on investment capital and increasing cash returns. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for the contributions that have allowed us to meet our 2014 objectives, and positioned us well for future growth opportunities. At this time operator I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Box of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joe Box: So 1.5% to 2% volume growth, that looks pretty good for 2015. Can you maybe just walk us through by activity or at least directionally give us a sense of where you see that coming from?
Don Slager: Sure, well again, the bright spot in volume for 2014 has been concentrated to construction and demolition. So we think those trends will continue through 2015. We did start to see, at the end of 2014, a little bit of MSW volume activity pickup in our landfills. We havent yet really seen much activity of real growth in our commercial business. We dont have much of that baked in really in 15, but thats maybe where the upside lies, if we can start to see some of the broader economic recovery start to impact our commercial business. Its directionally good, but we havent seen the uptick that wed hoped so far, but somewhere out there on the horizon for us.
Chuck Serianni: And one of the ways to look at it too Joe is, if you kind of look at our full year performance this year from a volume perspective, it was 2%. So next year being 1.5 to 2, really kind of a continuation of what we saw on 14 with the exception, when you kind of take a look at special waste, special waste was pretty strong this year, really coming off of a really low comp from the prior year. So again, that would probably be the one difference, its expressed as far as the rate of growth, rather than that relatively consistent with 14.
Joe Box: I appreciate that, and I guess I thought that Don you would have mentioned maybe the commercial business is a little bit stronger. And I think you mentioned last quarter it was up 1.8%, this quarter it was only up 1.2%. I guess Im a little surprised to not see that sequentially ramp. Is there something out there, whether its pricing or just markets that it could be holding that back?
Don Slager: Yeah Joe, Im sure you got the 1.8, Im looking at Q3 of 14 was 1.1 in volume growth. So we picked up a little bit in Q4. Yield in commercial was 1.8 right in commercial Q4 sort of Q3. So its again its trending well. Again, part of this is - our focus is in improving yield, right? And improving the quality of the sale and reducing churn and those things, so we're really focused there, but we think the continued volume in commercial will look consistent with what it is and wouldnt spend. And that again, if we see broader improvement, then well be the first to talk to you about it.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah Joe just to give an idea, the commercial volume has been ranged down between 1.1 and 1.3 for the last five quarters, with an average of 1.2% for the full year.
Joe Box: One last one and Ill turn it over. Do you guys think that this complete fall off in recycling prices could potentially be the straw that breaks the camels back here? I guess what Im trying to understand is, if this could actually be a positive, it might be the impetus to structurally improving this business. I know you guys have closed a couple of facilities but do you think that this might cause a broader base industry rationalization, or just the opportunity to go back to clients and break a restructure contract?
Don Slager: Well it is I would tell you, first of all, this is being impacted by really broad global macro issues right, so youve got this issue reports compounding that, but youve got supply and demand issues are global. Youve got China economy, youve got all that going on. Weve not seen a precipitous fall like this in quite some time. Over the long term we think it probably comes back. Keep in mind that recycling is a core offering for us, its something that, its a product our service that our customers want to buy. I think they value it more, probably then sometimes the industry thinks it does or they do. So we're going to look at opportunities, certainly to price our commodities in our recycling services in the open market. As you can imagine, we've already adjusted our tipping rates at our facilities in the open market. We've got a number of really long-term contracts with large municipalities that we're bound to deliver on through the remainder of the term, well do that. We will continually look to your point Joe, for ways to structure things better, but just generally municipalities are not built to accept the risk of commodities, commodity market, so we've got to figure out a better way to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Al Kaschalk: I just want to press further on C&D waste. Don could you just maybe share, given your footprint, is this broad-based? And are we still climbing along with retail occupancy rates or starts on housing in terms of this activity?
Don Slager: Yeah, so it is broad-based and we're seeing this growth year-over-year and consistent quarterly growth across the entire company. We now, we've seen volume growth, we've seen pricing growth right? So temporary pricing is up, almost frankly as much as the volume is up. So we are growing units across all of our geographic areas and we're growing price per unit as well. So the demand is there, we've put a lot of our equipment back to work. Chuck made the point that we spent a lot of maintenance expense this year, giving us more - put back from service. So we think its going to continue. And remember, I mean your household formation still not at the 50 year average. So we think over time, it could get back to that but I think weve got a pretty solid plan for 15 and that well see this sort of continued volume as we saw in 14 in C&D. And of course we've seen at the landfills too, which again very, very broad-based. So I think Ive touched before, we dont really track our halls between residential and commercial, its not that meaningful to us. We track more between sort of permanent and temporary, thats what the meaningful statistic is in our business.
Al Kaschalk: And the point being there is that the temporary number has been strong, but its also been better than price?
Don Slager: Yeah absolutely right, so when you think about almost 5% price per unit through all basis across the business, thats pretty strong.
Chuck Serianni: Again we would expect that, and we've been talking about this for a year. This is what we would expect right as volume demands come back, we would be able to get our fair share of the growth naturally because our footprint is so strong. And that wed be able to price for accordingly and thats what we've done.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah in the Temp business in the fourth quarter the halls were up 5.6% and the pricing was up 4.8%. So you are getting double-digit organic growth in that portion of the business.
Al Kaschalk: The other question I had and sort of two-part, but given whats happening with diesel prices or transportation costs etcetera. Two things, one, do you expect or have you started to see any benefit in the residential side of the business maybe production on consumption, and then therefore waste generation? And then secondly, can you speak to the dynamic that may occur as a result of lower diesel prices by private companies or competitors in the market that theoretically should get more aggressive on price. Is that out there as a concern, how would you respond to that?
Don Slager: Okay, so first of all right, you know that our fuel, we basically have a natural held hedge built up into our operating model with our fuel recovery fee and then our fuel hedges. So youre structural through his remarks, we're not going to see much of a benefit for dropping fuel prices. So thats that, as far as consumption goes, well the average consumer because of spending less on fuel, spend more in the economy. I think maybe over the long-term, I think I saw some stature today that said that people are pulling back a little bit because theyre not sure that this low fuel environment is going to last very long. But it lasted long enough and it looks like a structural shift then maybe people will start pulling some of their, the cash back to work in the economy, that would certainly be good for us in the small container and landfill business. So well see what happens with that. As far as what it does competitively, certainly the small companies that dont have fuel recovery fee, that dont have this path through mechanism. They are experiencing, today, sort of an immediate improvement in their operating expenses. If theyre really smart, theyll hang onto that and realize that this fuel environment may not stay over for very long. And they wont just get it back in their pricing. That would be the smart way to look at it. If, at the same time, our customers are experiencing price benefit from us because we have this fair first mechanism that as fuel goes up, we share the risk, and as fuel goes down we share the benefit. And so our customers are seeing some pricing relief on their bills which I think positioned us pretty well with the customer as a contract as a part of thats being fair. So we have not heard of any irrational competitive behavior because of fuel issues at this point. I dont know that, I expected - its not keeping me up at night Al. I think overall with dropping fuel prices, our customers probably feel pretty good. Were doing a good job for them and well continue to adjust their pricing as necessary with other inflation.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Baumgarten of Macquarie, your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: Just a question, how should we think about the capacity for additional acquisitions and share purchase, given thats your way to deal?
Don Slager: Well we gave guidance that we were thinking about $100 million of spend again this year, in and around tuck-ins in the core space. There may be some opportunity to spend some acquisition of dollars in and around the ENP space over time. But basically you can figure that well spend another 360 million this year on share repurchase right, 100 million on tuck-ins. Weve certainly got the debt capacity to do that, of course were going to pay dividend again, and we consistently raise the dividends through time. So our same balanced approach the cash utilization is part of our strategy for a long time, its part of the value that we create for our owners, that really hasnt changed. The degree of acquisition is somewhat limited by the pipeline, were willing to do quality deals. Were not going to buy companies that havent been around for a long time with good assets. So thats - that focus hasnt changed. The 360 Adam is actually the amount remaining on our authorization, so we intend to complete that in 2015.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel, your line is open.
Michael Hoffman: I hope Im going to be able to get this question out correctly. So Im trying to reconcile the cash flow from guidance at the beginning of 14, what you did and where bonus - because you didnt think there was going to be any bonus depreciation when you gave us guidance last year at this time. And at the end of the year we have it. But Im trying to understand, whats the delta between the 709 and the original guidance? Is it $20 million, and so X bonus depreciation you came in at 689, thats still within your range, it was a god number, and bonus depreciation helped by $20 million?
Chuck Serianni: Michael youre right. This is Chuck. Youre right on with that. But let me just walk through that just in case others on the call dont follow it. So free cash flow, we reported 709 for the year, youve got a benefit from bonus depreciation of $45 million. And then weve got a $25 million offset to that, because we pulled forward our capital to the year, which gives us to 689 on an adjusted basis. And that falls actually on a high-end of the range in our guidance that we gave in October, of 675 to 690.
Michael Hoffman: Thats cool. And then what is - is there any bonus depreciation in the 1555 to 1585 cash flow from aps?
Chuck Serianni: No, no, actually Michael, it reverses in 15, so when we think about free cash flow for 2015, you actually had a negative because the bonus depreciation of $25 million. And thats offset by the $25 million of pull forward capital that we have, the capital that we pulled forward into 2014. So that ends up being a neutral on 2015.
Michael Hoffman: Special waste trends, I get you had a tough comp in the fourth quarter, but are you starting to see special waste coming from non-residential sort of type activity that could suggest that - well it might not be in your guidance. And 1.5 to 2 seems like a good number for volume, to me, but if non-res construction starts showing up, maybe that number gets stronger, and a leading indicator would be special waste?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, special waste has been strong for us. Youre right, were seeing a little bit more of that activity, its probably too early to call it, but youre exactly right. When we see more and more of the kind of lane clearing jobs that are precursor to industrial and commercial development, itll bode well for that part of the business, but also construction volumes at large.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Redding of BB&T, your line is open.
Charles Redding: Where do you peg the current differential right now between CNG and diesel? I guess has this dislocation impacted any kind of plans for CNG fleets then?
Don Slager: I would say the difference between the two is probably about $1 right now. And that doesnt have an impact on our long-term plans. We still think that the movement into CNG makes sense, so were going to continue that initiative.
Chuck Serianni: This year, the CNG trucks that were purchasing will be delivered into facilities where weve already got the infrastructure, where weve already set up the fuelling stations. As you know, thats a big part of the investment when we convert fleets over. So, we wont be putting in as many new CNG filling stations as we have over the last couple of years. Well just continue to bring density to the fleets where we already have the investments made.
Charles Redding: And then maybe you could just speak a little more to overall trends on the residential side. What are you seeing here, and are you seeing any, I guess, projected pullback and spending class, or perhaps any regions that are stronger than others, at least with respect to residential?
Don Slager: No, I guess the most exciting trend that we have going on in the residential, is that weve been converting some of our residential customers to the new waste index or industries. And so weve got, of our total revenue, call it $700 million to $900 million of residential business thats not typical five year contract. So these might be anything from a nature way to a - call it a large city, but a typical five year contract in that business. And so $700 million to $900 million of total angle revenue. Weve already converted about 70 million of that revenue to one of the new industries. So giving the mark of CPI and its going to take some time to work through the remainder as contracts come due. But weve been at that now for a couple of quarters, making pretty good progress. So the people weve been talking to so far have been pretty open to that idea. We have been successful everywhere of course, but were going to continue to move down that road. Thats probably the most compelling thing thats going on for us, residential, where most of our focus lies right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown of Raymond James, your line is open.
Tyler Brown: So Chuck, thanks for the help on the recycling expectation. So can you give us a little bit of color on your composition of your recycle basket? Maybe by type, say fiber, glass, plastics, etcetera, etcetera?
Chuck Serianni: Well, fiber makes up about 70% of our overall recycling, the rest of it is made up of, as you mentioned, glass. And various plastics and aluminum molds for another metals.
Tyler Brown: Is, plastics bigger in that mix?
Chuck Serianni: Its probably about 5% or so, of the mix.
Tyler Brown: And then Don, Im kind of curious, can you give us a little bit more color on Capture? I think you said 17 of 20 areas, I assume thats the preponderance of your sales people. Is that a good way to look at it?
Don Slager: Yeah, thats right. Well get the other three areas completed here pretty soon, but we just need to get it done by the end of the year.
Tyler Brown: So, bigger question. Where does that really attack in average yield? Is that designed to go after gross price, is it about reducing rollbacks, or is it about narrowing the loss to gain spread, or is it kind of all of the above?
Don Slager: Yeah, so when you think about churn, think primarily of the business loss versus business gained. So again, we review and adjust pricing on every customer throughout the year, in what we call our RPM process, so 12 monthly buckets basically. Ever customer gets reviewed because we have cost inflation, even net of our productivity gains and everything else we do to improve the business. We saw cost inflation, we better recover that. So everyone gets adjusted, theres some negotiation, theres some rollbacks, there may even be some losses of customers. Some of those are due to pricing, some of those are due to just competitive behavior. Every once in a while we make a mistake and dont give the service that we need to give, and customer will leave for that reason, fewer and fewer of those lets say. But as were replacing those customers that we lose, and remember, weve got about a 7% defection rate in our business, every year 7% of customers leave us for some reason. We replace those customers. Well the Capture tool is designed really at the heart of that. So as our sales reps are out in the marketplace calling our new accounts, are these maybe new from competition, there may be new, brand new businesses springing out of the ground. We want to make sure at the point of sale, for those new accounts, that we've got better controls in place to get the very best pricing in that situation. So Capture allows our sales people want to be more efficient, they cover more ground. They can see more customers, two when they get in front of the customer, they can do a better job of understanding and segmenting that customer, understanding their needs, that gets tied right into the PBS selling initiative we call [indiscernible] [00:43] selling. So between the PBS training and the Capture tool, we think our sales people now are better equipped to go in and get better pricing on those new customers, by doing a better job of understanding whats important to them, and what they are willing to pay for. That also again, it makes it more efficient and makes the sale, it makes actually the experience better for customers, because its a tablet-based tool, we can show the customer their sample invoice. And we can get a customer signature on the tablet for their electronic service agreement. The whole process just gets tighter and better. And we've got better control, so its a cloud-based software. So if we want to raise prices in Denver tomorrow, tonight we can make price adjustments to the actual price sheets that the sales people use. And tomorrow they could be selling at higher prices with very stringent guard rails and limits on their authority and what decisions they can make in front of the customer, so that was a mouthful, but does that help you Tyler?
Tyler Brown: No thats great color. So I mean as of to date, are you seeing any reduction in churn and or the gap between loss to new business narrow?
Don Slager: Yeah, so we look at average selling price of new customers, its kind of on the per unit basis, is one of the ways we do that. You think about average yield in our, average yield at our commercial business in Q3 was 1.8% and Q4 was 2.1%. This is largely focused on the open market commercial and open market industrial business. Its not necessarily that municipal business, its not the residential subscription business. Its those two big open market verticals for us, and we're seeing improvement. We're getting great feedback from the field, great feedback from the sales team, makes their jobs a little easier. And so its the right thing to do, we're excited about it. We're going to rollout these next couple of areas, and then continue to move forward from here.
Tyler Brown: Okay, thats great. And then if I can squeeze one maybe last one in. So clearly residential has been a big drag just given CPI. And you noted some great success on the new industries, some great data actually that you gave. But how should we think about this business longer term. I mean to me its probably one of your lower ROIC businesses. Would you look to retrench if you really dont have any pickup in CPI and or success on the new industries?
Don Slager: Well we're having success, again, we're not going, I wouldnt advise you to extrapolate that success easily, its very difficult work. The business we have - has an ROI thats above our whack, I mean so its returning positively, it just has fallen off from where we've come from. And so look, we went through a really tough recession, these municipalities faced with these municipal pensions that were failing, faced with the tax basis crumbling, property taxes and all the rest of it. Economy has been battling back, you see all those metrics in the economy, we've been good Republic private partners these municipalities. We did the right thing by trying to help them right size their cost in sort of the time of trouble. We're frankly not willing to go any lower because we cant, and its time for us now to expect lower fair and reasonable pricing mechanism in our contracts going forward. The other thing remember is, four years ago when we were first living for the first couple of years in a slow CPI environment, nobody thought, nobody I talked to thought CPI was going to stay low. Now, back now four years ahead of that, where we are today and no one really believes that, no one sees CPI normalizing to its 25 year average above 3%. And everyone sort of agrees on the fact that the CPIs been manipulated. So we cant live in that environment. And so we are moving forward, as I said, within new industries. We're not going do business or take new business that doesnt meet our return criteria. And we intend to improve this business over the long term. And weve got some good traction so far.
Tyler Brown: All right, perfect. Great stuff, thanks Don.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Ovshey: Don, on the CPI point I think over the last couple of months, because it was actually, I trust, lower probably partly due to the decline in energy. Are you anticipating any potential headwind from CPI in 15 or is it going to be potentially more of an issue for the company in 16 if it stays at these levels?
Don Slager: You got it right, weve got that sort of 12 - 18 month lag on CPI, that way it works to our pricing, and itll be more of a 16 event for us. So we're hoping that these low CPIs are being forecasted. Start to bump up a little bit at the end of the year, but for 15 we wont have much impact from it.
Alex Ovshey: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And then on the closed acquisitions in 14, can you talk about what the expectation is for contribution to EBITDA from those acquisitions in 15. And I know you talked about - synergy acquisition of the pull, how long could it typically take to accomplish the synergies?
Chuck Serianni: This is Chuck, so most of these acquisitions are relatively small, but probably in the $2 million to $3 million range. And I would say that we can get them up to kind of the companys current margins relatively quickly. So theyll perform at pretty much at post synergy levels in 15.
Alex Ovshey: Appreciate that Chuck. And then just last question from me, you spent some time talking about some of the new customer service tools that are out there. Im sure its early, but do you think that you could potentially reduce the churn rate in the business as a result? I know that the 7% number we always talk to, but is part of the goal with these in your customer service tools, that number potentially comes down, are you seeing any progress at all on that front?
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, the tools we talked about, the PBS and the Capture, really are focused at bringing our new business correctly. We think about defection, the 7% of the business that we lose, the way were focusing on that Alex, is really through all of our customer service metrics. So we track across the entire company at every division, we track miss-pickups, we track service commitments, we have got a number of service commitments that each of our general managers makes to customers in each of our divisions. We know what their adherences of those commitments. We also use something called net promoter score, which weve talked about in the past. And we get direct feedback from our customers, every one of our markets. And how they feel about our service and whether or not they would recommend us to somebody else. So we focus on those customer metrics to understand how were doing in servicing our customers and how they value us. And basically, were trying to drive all of those metrics up, because we want to extend customer loyalty right? We want customers to come with us, we want them to stay with us, because were a great service provider and then we meet their needs, and we handle all of that for them right? Thats our tagline; well handle it from here. So were working on that, and can we get perfection down from 7%? Well it used to be 10, we brought it down to 7 and well see where we go from here. We do our best, we know our service metrics are improving, miss-pickups are down, service commitments are up. And our net promoter score has improved dramatically since we introduced it. So we also brought customer service metrics into our compensation programs for our general managers. So everyone has got some skin in the game now to improve the customer experience for each and every one of our customers. So thats how were looking to get that done.
Operator: Thats all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Don Slager: Thank you, Sheila. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence, and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Delghiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. Delghiaccio. Thank you.
Brian Delghiaccio: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Brian Delghiaccio, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Chuck Serianni, our CFO; and Ed Lang, Senior Vice President, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. The material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 30, 2014. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participate in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our third quarter results which were in line with our expectations. Revenues increased approximately 5% with a balanced mix between price and volume growth. During the quarter, we continued to profitably grow our business by focusing on attracting the right types of customers, differentiating our service offering and improving our service quality. We completed high-quality accretive acquisitions and have already exceeded our full year goal. And we remain focused on managing cost, improving productivity and leveraging our cost structure. We made great progress towards achieving our annual goal, and we are pleased with our third quarter performance. Some of the highlights include third quarter EPS of $0.52, which was in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $433 million. This level of performance includes 84% of our projected full year capital expenditures. Core price in the third quarter was 3%, and average yield was 1.4%. Average yield was consistent with our second quarter performance even with a step-down in CPI-based pricing. We continue to see better open market pricing to offset the CPI headwind. Third quarter volume increased 2.1% and was concentrated to event-driven waste streams. This level of performance was strong given the tougher prior-year comparisons. Year-to-date, we have returned approximately $560 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. This includes 8 million shares repurchased for $279 million. We expect to spend approximately $400 million on share repurchases in 2014. During the quarter, we continued to implement our multi-year initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy. For example, we continue to rollout Capture, our next-generation ROI-based pricing tool, and priority-based selling, our new standardized sales process. Both initiatives are focused on our open market commercial and industrial businesses. Capture and priority-based selling were designed to work together on the same cloud-based platform to integrate the process of identifying the right type of volume growth at attractive prices. We continued to make tuck-in acquisitions that layer in well to our existing markets. Year-to-date, we have invested $111 million to acquire $57 million of revenue at a post-synergy EBITDA multiple of 5x. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of Rainbow Disposal on October 1. This high-quality franchise business complements our Southern California operations. Regarding our fleet. 14% is currently operating on natural gas, 68% of our residential fleet is now automated and over half the fleet has completed our One Fleet maintenance initiative. I'm proud of our achievements during the third quarter and remain encouraged by the underlying strength of our business. I want to thank the entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Chuck and Brian will now discuss our financial performance. Chuck?
Charles F. Serianni: Thank you, Don. Third quarter 2014 revenue was approximately $2.3 billion, an increase of $99 million from the prior year. This 4.6% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 70 basis points and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had average yield growth of 1.4% and core price of 3%. Core price consisted of 4.1% in the open market and 1.2% in our restricted business. Average yield in the collection business was 1.5%, which includes 2.1% yield in the industrial business and 1.8% yield in the commercial business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1.3%, led by landfill MSW, which increased approximately 2%. Fuel recovery fees increased 20 basis points. Most of this change relates to an increase in the rate charge to recover fuel costs. Fuel costs decreased approximately $2 million compared to the prior year and decreased 30 basis points as a percentage of revenue. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.84 in the third quarter from $3.91 in the prior year, a decrease of 1.8%. The current average diesel price is $3.64 per gallon. Second, volumes increased 2.1% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1.5%, primarily due to an increase in landfill and industrial volume. Growth in the industrial line of business was 4.9% and includes C&D and other temporary business, which was up 7.4%. Volume in the commercial business was up 1.1% and residential was down 60 basis points. The decline in residential was primarily due to contracts lost in bid situations. We will only renew business if it meets our return criteria. The post-collection business, consisting of third-party landfill and transfer station volume, was positive 4.1%, which includes an increase in landfill special waste of approximately 16%. Our landfill MSW volumes were up 1.8%. Our defection rate, which represents the annualized rate of customer turnover, remained stable at approximately 7%. Third, commodity revenue increased 20 basis points. The increase in commodity sales reflects an increase in tons sold, partially offset by a decline in recycled commodity prices. Commodity prices decreased 2% to an average price of $115 per ton in the third quarter from $117 per ton in the prior year. Current average commodity prices are approximately $108 per ton. Third quarter recycle volume of 569,000 tons were up 4% from the prior year. The increase relates to additional National Accounts brokered volumes. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased $7 million compared to the prior year, an increase of 30 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Again, the increase relates to additional National Accounts brokered volumes. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. Third quarter 2014 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.2% compared to 29.5% in the prior year, a decrease of 130 basis points. A majority of the change can be explained by 3 line items, most of which relate to onetime benefits in the prior year. First, landfill operating costs increased 60 basis points. In the prior year, we implemented a low-cost solution at one of our remediation sites, which resulted in a onetime benefit. Second, risk management costs increased 40 basis points. Risk management costs were approximately $12 million higher than our expectations during the quarter or 50 basis points due to a few large claims. On a year-to-date basis, risk management costs were 2.1% of revenue in both the current and prior year. Third, SG&A expenses increased 40 basis points related to a bad debt recovery in the prior year. SG&A expenses were 10.1% of revenue during the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, which was in line with our expectations. Of the 3 expense line items I just discussed, risk management created the largest variance to our current year margin performance. Excluding the 50-basis-point increase, EBITDA margin would have been 28.7%. All other cost changes represented 10-basis-point improvement in margin. I would like to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Brian will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data.
Brian Delghiaccio: Thanks, Chuck. Third quarter 2014 interest expense was $87 million, which included $11 million of noncash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 37.1% of adjusted earnings in the third quarter and 38.4% on a year-to-date basis. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $433 million. Net capital expenditures during this period were $678 million or 84% of our projected full year spend. Free cash flow can fluctuate by period due to the timing of capital expenditures, cash tax payments and working capital. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $955 million, and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 26 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at September 30, and availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. To recap our 2014 year-to-date performance, I am very pleased with our results and the progress we made in profitably growing the business and achieving operational excellence. Most of our business lines are performing well and showing strong year-over-year gains in revenue, EBITDA and margin. The one area of our business that continues to lag is residential. The residential line of business has the highest concentration of pricing restrictions, and therefore, the most exposure to low CPI-based resets. While we don't control CPI, we are focusing our efforts on the things we can control to improve our residential business. Specifically, we've reviewed all contracts to ensure we are realizing the full revenue potential for each contract. We identified underperforming contracts and are not exercising options to extend those without a price increase. We are working to convert new contracts to waste-related indexes versus headline CPI because they better reflect our cost structure. And we are designing and launching priority-based selling for our municipal business segment in 2015. We will continue to offer high-quality services and products to our residential customers but must earn an appropriate return to deliver those services. In our earnings release, we updated our 2014 financial guidance that provided a preliminary outlook for 2015. We expect to finish the year with adjusted EPS of $1.93 to $1.94 and adjusted free cash flow of $675 million to $690 million, both are within the guidance range that we provided you in February. We are midway through our 2015 planning process. Based on early reviews of the budget and assuming current business conditions, our 2015 preliminary outlook is: EPS of $2.02 to $2.06. This represents mid- to high-single digit earnings growth compared to our expected 2014 performance. And adjusted free cash flow of $725 million to $750 million. This represents mid-single digit to low double-digit growth compared to our expected 2014 performance. This outlook includes the benefit of extending the useful life of our fleet, partially offset by investments in growth opportunities and technology. Consistent with prior practice, we will provide detailed guidance in February of 2015. We look forward to delivering on our promises to our key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. For our customers, we strive to provide the highest level of customer service. We are committed to developing differentiated and superior products that enhance the customer experience. For the communities we serve, we remain devoted to delivering safe, convenient and cost-effective solutions while being good stewards of the environment. For our employees, training and developing our people is a priority. We strive to be the employer of choice. And for our shareholders, we remain committed to creating a long-term shareholder value by generating consistent earnings and free cash flow growth while improving return on invested capital. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for their contributions that have allowed us to meet our 2014 objectives and positioned us well for future growth opportunities. At this time, operator, we'd like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: So I recognize that the 2015 guidance is preliminary, but can you maybe just walk through some of the high-level assumptions like price, volume and maybe recycling?
Donald W. Slager: Now you know what, Joe, again, we're -- it's preliminary outlook, and we're going to give you detailed guidance in February like we do all the time. We're in the midst of the business planning process as we speak. We're just taking a look at current trends in the business. As you know, things in the business don't change rapidly. You understand the current CPI environment. You understand how the business works. And we're taking that current trend, kind of building it out into '15, setting goals for the field and understanding what the business can produce. So that's where we're at, and we'll give you more detail as we have it in February.
Joe Box: Okay, I can appreciate that, Don. Let me try it from another angle then. I mean, obviously, we've got guidance and planning set for 2014. So Chuck, you highlighted the 3 cost buckets that could potentially be somewhat onetime in nature, but just optically looking at 4Q guidance and what it implies, it does seem to imply that maybe some costs remain elevated. Can you maybe just talk to some of the areas that we should be aware of for 4Q?
Charles F. Serianni: For 4Q or -- the year-over-year, if I look at the year-over-year, let me answer that. Right now, we had originally guided to 28.5% to 29%. We're trending a little bit down from there. But keep in mind that we've got about a 20-basis-point headwind because of commodities. We've got a headwind of about 10 basis points due to insurance, and we've got about a 10-basis-point headwind because of weather. So if you'd take all of those into consideration and add that back to the 28.1% that we're at right now, we end up being kind of on the -- within the guidance that we had given at the beginning of the year. So in terms of Q4, I don't see any significant changes in our EBITDA.
Brian Delghiaccio: One other thing to consider there, too, Joe, is that most of the things that Chuck outlined were actually prior year items that were onetime benefits in 2013 that just anniversary-ed, right? So when you talk about it in the current year, the cost that was an increase relative to our expectation was just an insurance item. So to Chuck's point, x that, when you kind of take a look at our year-to-date performance, we're kind of in line with what our original expectations were from an overall EBITDA margin performance.
Joe Box: Appreciate that. And one last one for you. Don, in the release, I think you mentioned that you guys have the ability and the intent to complete some larger transactions. I haven't seen that before. I'm just wondering if that's foreshadowing something or if there's any change to your acquisition strategy?
Donald W. Slager: No, Joe, and I think we've always said, look, we set our sights on $100 million spend. We look at a lot of deals to spend $100 million and do that intelligently. This year, we had a few more deals in the pipeline. And then, of course, on top of that, the Rainbow Disposal acquisition came into the market and we were able to successfully complete that. So we've got the capacity. We always say we want to keep our financial flexibility. Important for us to keep our investment-grade rating, keep that financial flexibility. We want to keep some powder dry so that when there's a good deal in the market, we can take advantage of it. That's exactly what you saw us do with Rainbow.
Operator: Next question is from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: I want to -- can you add some additional detail behind the insurance, either I missed in your prepared remarks, or why is that elevated? And just start from there, please?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So Al, our actuary reviews all open claims every single quarter. So when you think about that process of every quarter, it can introduce a little bit of volatility. But if you take a look at where we were through June, we were actually performing more favorable than our original expectations, and we expected that to continue. What we had was a handful of claims that we saw some increased development on in the third quarter. That was the $12 million that Chuck called out in his notes. But when you take look at a year-to-date basis, both in the current and prior year, both are running at about 2.1% of revenue. So what I would just say is that when we were standing there at Q2, expected the favorable development to continue, and we saw it go a little bit backwards in the third quarter.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Great. And then just another housekeeping item. The $0.01 or so in bad debt provision, is that legacy? Is that -- what is that related to, please?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that was a bad debt recovery that we actually realized last year. And so that when you look at the EBITDA margins year-over-year, that creates a headwind for us. But there was something that happened last year, recovered from last year.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. And then I want to focus in terms of the core business. And I mean this genuinely here. Don, you had said the residential business continues to lag and the commercial and industrial, I guess, maybe you can comment on that whether that's in line with your expectations. But if I take a step back and look and add in some of the adjustments, it doesn't feel from the outside that the conversion rate on the margin is perhaps where it could be, should be and probably not where you wanted it to be. So are there additional areas that maybe you can highlight for us that maybe still remains a struggle, absent price?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so let's back up a little bit further from that first, okay? So we have a backdrop where CPI has been averaging 1.6% for 5 years. And over that time, in total, a 1.6% doesn't get our costs recovered just through inflation, right? So obviously, we battle back every year with productivity measures and other things to improve our costs. I would tell you that with that 5-year low CPI environment and pretty steady inflation, we've done a good job running the business and managing the core business, but essentially holding our EBITDA margins flattish. And as Chuck said, if you take out some of the nonrecurring items, they're actually flat to better. So let's start with that. So that's what we've been working ourselves toward is improving the business in that low CPI environment. Again, as I said in my comments, CPI really impacts us in the residential business. And so to say it as clear as I can, the resi business is just a stinker right now. We've been dealing with these price rollbacks. It's a high capital-intensive business, and it's one of the reasons we're really tackling it and focusing in on it. If we step back and look at the other LOBs, we're actually doing very well. And when we do the netting of all the sort of individual issues, the growth that we're seeing in the business is coming in at a good margin. We are seeing the right growth in our commercial business, albeit slow. We've been bragging about the industrial business growing now for several quarters. That's continued in Q3. Finally, starting to see a little bit of life in MSW volumes at the landfill after many, many quarters of 0 to negative. So the rest of business is performing pretty well, and we think frankly very well in light of the macro environment. It really is this residential business that's been dragging us backwards. So, yes, let me just give you a couple of issues or a couple of details. We've talked about permanent industrial being up 5.3%. And in Q3, it was 5.6% up in Q2. Temp was up 7% -- over 7%. So in pricing, it's 4.8% in temporary roll-off. So we're managing that core business as it's recovering. We're getting more volume growth. We're getting price per unit growth, and we're getting some margin expansion. And now we're starting to see that in the commercial business. So again, it's early in the commercial. We thought it would be stronger by now, but it's positive and getting better. So we're not sure the trend is occurring as quickly as we like or it's probably as much as you would like, but it's happening. It really is residential for us. So I'm sure all of my guys listening on the phone right now are hard to work and figuring out how we're going to improve residential.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. Throughout the call, maybe you could comment at some point on the opportunity or the progress on the waste-related index pricing that could help you down the road and when that could start to benefit?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, let me comment on it. So I think that's your fourth question, but that's okay, Al. It's early. It's early. Here's the issue. I think the industry used headline CPI or some version of that in the residential business, gosh, as long as I can remember, and I've been doing this for 35 years. So we've always had that in our resi municipal business. And even in the municipal side of the landfill business, we've used that kind of an index. It worked for us just marvelously for decades because the 25 and 50 average of CPI is over 3%. And as we've grown our business and built density and done acquisitions and everything else we've done to build the business over that period of time, CPI never gave us any heartburn. It was a nice annuity business. Well, again, now we've had this really strange 5 years of averaging 1.6%. And if you step back and we'd go back in time, 4 years ago, we were probably expecting CPI to right itself. And every year, there's been sort of this sort of hint or promise that it could improve and it just hasn't. So we finally had to say, "Look, enough is enough," and CPI isn't a fair way for those municipal customers to view our business and so we've looked at alternatives. And so if you look on the BLS, one of the components of the CPI basket is an index called water sewer trash. And we've been working on introducing that index to customers. We've done it in a very small way. We've done it successfully in a few small -- I would say very small type municipal contracts with some success. And we're actually using our industry association in things like SWANA and so forth to begin to have a conversation about what's reasonable and fair for cities to expect out of their waste hauling companies, and 1.6% CPI isn't the ticket. So it's going to take a long time to get that in the business, but the good news is, we're on it and we're working the system. And that's the expectation that my team has. And hopefully at some point, you think maybe the industry would support and catch onto it and do it as well because it's not good for anybody, and it's not good for the city because the city doesn't want to have a partnership with a company that's as important as a waste company to keep its streets clean. That's going to be constantly moving backwards in its profitability, or at some point, go upside down. So we have to -- we've got to right it and the gross operating margin in that business has shrunk because of this situation, and we've got to change it. So early stages. Hopefully, we can comment more on as we go through year-by-year and hopefully, we could see some kind of a shift in -- an industry shift as well. So that's it. But -- so we're not sitting on our hands, and we're not just whining about it. We're controlling things we can control, Al.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Levine with Imperial Capital.
Scott Justin Levine: So a couple of questions. Firstly, special waste volumes are very good in the quarter. I'm wondering if that's project-specific, how the pipeline looks in general, we can see this type of growth continue or what's behind it?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, it's pretty broad-based. We don't have any really, really big, big projects to report, and that's the good news. A pretty strong growth. Most of it is soil-related. So contaminated soil, which I always look at that, Scott, and think that's a good sign of construction and development to come when they're doing land clearing and taking off the soil it means that they're going to build something new at an old site. So hopefully, that continues to fuel construction for us into the out years. So again, broad-based, and we think the trend should continue forward.
Scott Justin Levine: Got it. And as my follow-up, maybe a little bit of color or update on One Fleet. I think you said more than 50% of the fleet is there. Are you guys running positive on that? And should we be thinking about that as potentially a margin contributor, a needle moving margin contributor and/or a free cash flow contributor to the positive in 2015?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So it's moving a little slower still than we'd hoped, but we're more committed to it than we ever have been. So let me give you a couple of comments. First and maybe foremost, it is going to contribute to us spending $40 million less next year on truck capital. So as we said, we're going to aged our fleet and extend the useful life of it to the tune of $200 million capital savings over 5 years starting in '15. So we're committed to that. And in the One Fleet divisions, we're seeing very good results. So let me give you a couple of stats. Maintenance cost per engine hour in One Fleet divisions has improved by 1% to 2%. Driver productivity in One Fleet sites has contributed approximately $2.5 million to productivity in '14. One Fleet divisions have 30% fewer unscheduled repairs and 25% higher truck availability or we'd call fleet reliability. So we think that's going to convert to what we would think as a lower driver turnover rate, higher employee satisfaction at some point, more customer experience and improved customer experience because our fleet's up and running, and we're servicing the customers better. So we're very, very focused here on how we can take care of our customers from a service delivery perspective and a differentiation perspective, so we can improve the quality of revenue. And our technician turnover's lower, substantially lower at One Fleet sites and it's really hard today to find good diesel technicians. And so all of those things are real. The divisions that we're in now that were converting to One Fleet, it's a lot of heavy lifting, and those divisions are probably costing us a little more than we thought they would going into Q3 and 4. But it's going to come around and at some point, this sort of backlog of workload is going to be behind us. We're going to anniversary that, and we're going to get those benefits. We're going to get all those other softer benefits I just mentioned, Scott, and we're certainly going to be able to extend the life of the fleet in a very methodical and thoughtful way without interrupting the business, and again, improving the service quality all along the route. So we're going to get it done and just again, it's just harder than we imagined. But it's the absolute right thing for the business. And we've got to think beyond the quarter, right? We're never going to be at Republic a slave to the quarter or a hostage to consensus. We're going to have to run the business for the long term and do the sustainable right thing for the business.
Operator: Next is Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey: A couple of questions. So first on the volume, just looking at the big picture. It's a pretty solid number in the third quarter. And I say that because last year in the third quarter, you had a nice strong number as well. So you were able to deliver a nice number again in what I would say a tough comp. And so a 2-part question there. I mean, does that imply that sort of the economy and the construction markets are sort of in a cycle where we can continue to expect sort of a 1% to 2% volume number out of Republic going forward? And the second part to that, is the volume number you guys are reporting, is that really what you're seeing in your end market or is there some market share gains that is helping benefit your volumes right now?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so again, we're not giving guidance for '15. We are seeing good and steady volume growth. Again, the business grows, as you know, through population growth that fuels housing information, fuels business formation. So as long as those dynamics continue, we'll benefit from it. Housing starts are still well below the 25- and 50-year average. So could it improve from there? It could, but we're not seeing that yet. We're -- I would tell you that we're getting our fair share of organic growth, and we're replacing the business that we're losing. So again, we've got the 7% defection every year. More than half of that is competitive. So we replace that business. We're doing a good job of replacing that volume, albeit at a lower average rate, and so there's that churn issue that impacts us. But we're getting the volume replaced, and we're getting our fair share of new organic growth. That's really our goal. On top of that, we've got to replace those units at a slightly higher rate than we have historically and that's really our focus with things like Capture and priority-based selling. We're really hyper-focused on, internally, what we call quality revenue. Again, as I said to Scott, really focused on the customer service delivery and on everything on that end, but we're also focused on the selling processes, that point-of-sale decision making that we're doing to make sure that we're signing on those new customers at higher rates year-over-year. So the things we are doing are going to continue. If the macro environment continues, you'll get kind of more the same. And but the same thing is true with CPI, right? We don't have any indication in '15 that CPI is somehow going to magically get better. And it's an 18-month lag for CPI to work through our system. So you can sort of factor that commentary into why we're giving you this 2015 preliminary outlook.
Alex Ovshey: Got it, Don. And just on the pricing side. So going back to the point around potentially changing some of the residential contracts and what index they're linked to. I mean, is there any timeline you could provide around when we should expect enough progress so it would move the needle on the bottom line? And the second part to that question, I'll turn it over. You have some really big residential contract out there. I mean, where is it in the Q in terms of actually going and speaking to the folks who are responsible for those contracts and potentially changing the index structure there?
Donald W. Slager: Well, look, one, it's lumpy, right? The contracts in that business are generally 5 years. So one, we're not going to have 100% success rate. Let's be fair. We'd like to think over time, if the industry itself determines that the water sewer trash index is a fair way to go, and we can start to get cities to believe that is true, then it can maybe get some traction. But it's a 5-year process to work through the entire book of business. It could've been a bit longer because we've got some contracts that are 7-year contracts, right? So -- and some even longer than that. But I think the bigger franchise type agreements, the contracts are longer. However, I would say this that those contracts they tend to be more like real true public private partnerships, where we really are extension of the city and maybe because of the great job we're doing and so forth, we might have some opportunity to deal with that. So look, it's going to be a long road. But there's nothing I'm reading that's telling you that CPI is going to get better in a year or 2. There's a lot of commentary out there that informs our thinking that it could be this way for some time, and we just decided we can't wait anymore for CPI to right itself. So the decades that we've benefited from CPI, we don't know when that's going to come back. So everything else that we're doing to improve the business, Capture, priority-based selling, improving the customer experience, all of the work we're putting into trying to drive a higher quality of revenue, extend customer loyalty and earn the price increases year-on-year, we're going to continue to do that. And if CPI comes back, then that'll be a wonderful thing, and it looks to be icing on the cake for us.
Operator: The next question is from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli.
Tony Bancroft: Just a quick question on the pricing dynamics on the street. We've heard from your competitor's recent calls talking about holding yield and pricing. I just want to sort of get your view what you're seeing out there, if that's what you're seeing or something different?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So look, our view hasn't changed. Let me start with that, right? So the price volume discussion is always kind of a bifurcated discussion and people sort of get lost in some of the commentary that companies are sharing. We have -- again, a big part of our business is restricted, limited by contract to CPI. Again, not whining about that. It is just what it is. I can't go in and magically change that. What we've said going into '14 is that we would go into the open market that didn't have the restrictions stronger to offset some of the pricing that we've lost in CPI. And we've done that this year. And the open market has held up very nicely. Our open market core price is substantially better than our average, okay? So the core market, meaning, or the open market, meaning open market commercial small container business and open market industrial. So that -- part of that's construction and part of that is permanent business. So that open market has held up well. So if you look at the pricing dynamic in that market, it's done okay. It could be better if the landfill pricing was moving. And that's the thing that doesn't get enough discussion. The fact is, again, Republic has done a very deliberate job of moving landfill prices forward. You've heard me talk about the fact that we've, year-on-year, lost landfill volume. It's the first quarter in I don't remember how many quarters, but maybe 10 or 12, maybe 16, I have no idea, that we've actually seen positive MSW volume growth. And that's just kind of keeping pace now with sort of normal -- some of the construction -- some of the other growth that's in the market. But that's really the issue for us is what will happen with landfill pricing going forward. We're going to continue to do what we do, and we'd like to think that as the market gets better, as the economy improves, that we could see landfill pricing moving at a more solid rate to support the underlying economics of supply and demand in the business. The other thing, obviously, is we've got a big presence in these markets. We tend to be #1 or #2 in size, and market density does drive margin and hold margin, and we don't want to get to a point where we're seeing gaps develop in our density. So replacing that 7% defection every year, trying to do it better than before using these new tools and training that we've talked about now extensively. And so back to my opening comment, I'll close with that. We haven't changed our tune on landfill pricing certainly and on price volume overall.
Tony Bancroft: Got it. And I know you spoken about, you always talk about $100 million of M&A and looking at tuck-ins inside your markets, is there any update or what would it be, what would it take to go outside your market, what would you be looking at for there? And are there any -- you said you're always going out in the market and looking. Are there any possibilities that have come up recently or -- that you are interested in?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I'm just going to -- we're going to stick with our $100 million general goal. There are some opportunities out there that you people are probably aware of, some big deals in the market that private equity deals coming back to market. We generally look at everything, Tony, in the marketplace, but primarily, we like the tuck-in business because it comes at the lowest multiple, post-synergy. It comes at the lowest risk of integration because we already have management and facilities and infrastructure in place. And as it relates to the Rainbow Disposal Company, that was just a really high-quality asset that was in an adjacent market to where we already were, and we felt that, one, that the assets were great and the management team there was outstanding, and some of their infrastructure can actually benefit us going forward in the surrounding market. So we're going to continue on the same pace. So I know I said this earlier, but I'd say it again. It makes sense for staying focused on tuck-ins in around that $100 million pace, and then it makes sense for us to look at other opportunities and when they're available and we can get good-quality assets with the right price to take advantage of that just like we did with Rainbow. So we'll continue to take that stance going forward.
Operator: Next is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Edward Hoffman: Housekeeping question for all of us, if you would. What's implicit in your earnings guidance for a tax rate?
Charles F. Serianni: We're not -- Michael, this is Chuck. We're not giving that level of guidance right now. Obviously, we'll get into a lot more details when we give full guidance in February. Just keep in mind that our rate in 2014 is 39.5%.
Michael Edward Hoffman: And there's no reason that's going to change, right?
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. We'll give more guidance in February.
Michael Edward Hoffman: Okay. For whatever it's worth, guys, some of that kind of knowledge would be helpful. Well that doesn't get into real guidance. So you've got to have some assumptions in it. Year-over-year, 4Q, you're going to have about a 200-basis-point margin difference. Are there -- what are the onetime, nonrecurring that we should be aware of?
Donald W. Slager: Michael, we didn't give Q4 margin guidance, though.
Michael Edward Hoffman: Well, it's implicit in your full year guidance.
Donald W. Slager: Right now, we're saying that year-to-date, they were at 28.1% on our EBITDA guidance.
Michael Edward Hoffman: Right. And a year ago, you were 30.3%.
Charles F. Serianni: Right. We called out some of the factors that were included in our year-to-date numbers, including commodities, weather and insurance, when you adjust for that, we're writing the range of the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year. So...
Michael Edward Hoffman: So that's the point. Those numbers are in the fourth quarter as well. That's what I was trying to get at. It was of last year. We got the same call-outs there.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. And remember, Michael, in the last year, in the fourth quarter, which we had called out that we did benefit from some favorable environmental adjustments that were more prior-year items, which brought the margin up above our original expectations. So again, when you kind of take a look at what we've expected for this year, we knew that those things would anniversary out.
Michael Edward Hoffman: Right. That's what I was trying to get at. And then, Don, you have talked about in the past, you did share the $200 million in CapEx spread over 5 years, but you also talked about 75 basis points spread out over 3 or 4 years of improvement as a result from automation productivity CNG One Fleet, how do you feel about that today?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So look, we're getting the benefits from automation on the productivity side. We're getting benefits from CNG on the fuel side. The maintenance benefits are coming a little harder than that. As I said earlier, the One Fleet initiative is the right thing to do. It's coming a little slower than we'd like, and it's costing us a little more in this quarter, and in the remaining quarter of the year than we may be expected. We also have some other things going on in there. So again, as you know, Michael, I mean, there's a lot of mix in this business. You've got a lot of geographical mix. You've got a lot of line of business mix. There's a lot of puts and takes. And the one thing we found as we've dug deeper into the maintenance initiative is fleet complexity. So these emission standards from the '08 and '10 and '14 engines are driving cost up on those trucks. We really weren't anticipating that when we went down the road with One Fleet. And -- but the fact is we're probably spending more time than any company out there really understanding our fleet dynamics and try to drive fleet cost out and anniversary-ing some of these costs. But there are some things like that, that are masking it. The fact that the CPI resets in the resi business, where again most of our automated fleet is working, that has not helped us. So we're committed to those initiatives. We're going to continue to roll them out and see them through. And there will be a day when we anniversary some of this bio-wave [ph] cost in maintenance, and it'll flat line and then we'll have the benefits throughout other parts of the business.
Operator: Barbara Noverini with Morningstar.
Barbara Noverini: So in reviewing your residential contracts, we've talked at length about the challenges CPI-based pricing on the solid waste side, but can you comment a little bit about the profitability of your residential recycling programs now that commodity prices are kind of holding at these relatively low levels. How are you looking to improve this part of your residential business as well?
Donald W. Slager: Well, Barbara, the review that we're doing with our all of our residential contracts include recycling as well. So we're constantly looking at improving the recycling line of business through making it more efficient at our sorting facilities. Part of what we're doing through collection methodology by getting efficiencies there. And when we do look at residential -- or I'm sorry, recycling contracts, we tend to look at sort of 10- to 15-year returns in average using sort of an average market price. So they're not performing as well as we'd hoped, but again, all things are cyclical. So we're using all the learnings that we're putting into this now to bid new contracts and we will just get better through time. But the -- it's not the recycling part of the residential business that's dragging us down. It's the overall CPI environment for, again, in that line of business that's almost 30% of our total collection business. So it's a big chunk of our business that is weighing down the other components of the business that are actually operating pretty well.
Barbara Noverini: Sure, got you. Do you guys have any leeway to put forth a processing fee or something like that? I know some other competitors in the industry have been talking about this.
Donald W. Slager: Well, things like contamination and performance criteria sort of a normal part of these contracts. So we do our best to hold anybody who is delivering material or producing material for these contracts to their end of the bargain. So it's -- you can't just break a contract in the middle of a contract and introduce new features or new penalties. If they're not in there generally at the beginning, you don't get to pull those triggers, and that's the issue with municipal buyers. They like to have a fixed-price, month-to-month throughout the course of the contract and only onetime a year do they want to open it up to some kind of a standardized index that you don't have to argue about, and that's the way they've walked for decades. And that's probably not going to change much except for the fact that we can get them focused on a different type of index that's more fair to a waste hauler like Republic Services. And overtime, just continue to move through that book of business and improve it.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Great. Well thank you, Holly. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you, all, for spending time with us today, and have a good and safe evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Delghiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. Delghiaccio.
Brian Delghiaccio: Good afternoon, Holly. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Brian Delghiaccio, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO; and Ed Lang, Senior Vice President of Finance, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 24, 2014. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our second quarter results, which include strong revenue growth, margin improvement and substantial cash returns. Our 2014 business plan assumed industry fundamentals would continue to improve, which we have seen in our year-to-date performance. Our second quarter results were in line with our expectations, and we remain on track to achieve the financial guidance we established for 2014. Some of the financial highlights include: second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.51. The second quarter benefited approximately $0.01 due to a slightly lower tax rate. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $247 million and in line with our expectations. This level of performance includes approximately 60% of our projected full year capital expenditures. Core price in the second quarter was 3.1%, and average yield was 1.4%. Average yield increased sequentially due to stronger pricing in our open markets. The restricted portion of our business continues to reflect the relatively low CPI environment. Second quarter volumes increased 2.6%. Volume growth was concentrated to C&D roll-off, permanent industrial, National Accounts and landfill special waste. Commercial service change levels were positive in the second quarter and increased sequentially. This is a continuation of a trend that began in mid-2013. We returned $217 million to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. This includes 3.6 million shares repurchased for $124 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 7.5 million shares for $256 million. We expect to spend approximately $400 million on share repurchases in 2014. Our Board recently increased the quarterly dividend to $0.28, an increase of approximately 8%. This is consistent with our historical practice of raising the dividend in the mid- to high-single digit range. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on our multi-year initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy. We are focused on managing the controllable aspects of our business by improving the quality of revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities and reducing costs. For example, during the second quarter, we begun rolling out our next-generation, ROI-based pricing tool known as Capture. This tablet-based tool standardizes the quote-to-proposal process, enables better controls at the point-of-sale, improves the efficiency and effectiveness of our sales force and provides a better experience for our customers. Additionally, we continue to implement priority-based selling, or PBS, our new standardized sales process. PBS focuses on delivering stronger, more effective interactions with customer segments that value our service and are willing to pay for enhanced offerings. Both Capture and priority-based selling were designed to work together on the same cloud-based platform to integrate the process of identifying the right type of volume growth at attractive prices. We expect a full rollout by the end of 2015. Last week, we launched the My Resource mobile app, an expansion of our customer's online account management tool. The My Resource app allows customers to schedule a pickup, view their service schedule, receive holiday schedule reminders and push notifications including weather-related service alerts and to pay their bill. These capabilities further differentiate our service offering and increase value to customers. The year-to-date investment made in acquisitions was $55 million. We acquired approximately $28 million of revenue at post-synergy EBITDA multiples of 5x. These tuck-in acquisitions layer in well to existing markets. Regarding our fleet, 13% is currently operating on natural gas, 67% of our residential fleet is now automated and approximately 1/2 of the fleet has completed our One Fleet Maintenance initiative. We remain confident that we can cost-effectively extend the useful life of our fleet beginning in 2015. We estimate this will reduce future capital requirements by $200 million, spread over a 4- to 5-year period. I'm proud of our achievements during the second quarter and remain encouraged by the underlying strength of the business. I want to thank the entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Glenn and Brian will now discuss our financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thanks, Don. Second quarter 2014 revenue was approximately $2.2 billion, an increase of $114 million from the prior year. This 5.4% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 60 basis points and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had an average yield growth of 1.4%. Second quarter average yield was up 20 basis points sequentially and in line with our expectations. Core price in the second quarter was 3.1%. This consisted of 4.2% in the open market and 1.4% in our restricted business. Average yield in the collection business was 1.4%, which includes 2.4% in the industrial business and 1.7% in the commercial business. Average yield in the post-collection business was also 1.4%, led by landfill MSW, which increased approximately 2%. Fuel recovery fees increased 0.2%. Most of this change relates to an increase in the rate charged to recover fuel costs. Fuel costs increased approximately $5 million compared to the prior year, but decreased 10 basis points as a percentage of revenue. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.94 in the second quarter from $3.88 in the prior year, an increase of 1.4%. The current average diesel price is $3.89 per gallon. Second, volumes increased 2.6% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1.9% primarily due to an increase in industrial volume. Growth in the industrial line of business was 6.3% and includes C&D and other temporary activity, which was up 9.6%. Volume in the commercial business was up 1.3% and residential was down 1%. The decline in residential was primarily due to contracts lost in bid situations. We will only renew business if it meets our return criteria. The post-collection business, consisting of third-party landfill and transfer station volume, was positive 5.2%, which includes an increase in landfill special waste of approximately 19%. Special waste volumes -- landfill volumes were lower in the second quarter of 2013, which resulted in an easier comparison. Our landfill MSW volumes were flat with the prior year. Our defection rate, which represents the annualized rate of customer turnover, remained stable at approximately 7%. Third, commodity revenue increased 60 basis points. The increase in commodity sales reflects an increase in tons sold, partially offset by a decline in recycled commodity prices. Commodity prices decreased 2% to an average of $108 per ton in the second quarter from $110 per ton in the prior year. Current average commodity prices are approximately $111 per ton. Second quarter recycling facility volume of 626,000 tons was up 13.2% from the prior year. Most of the increase relates to additional National Accounts brokered volumes. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased $13 million compared to the prior year, an increase of 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Again, most of the increase relates to additional National Accounts brokered volumes. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. Second quarter 2014 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.4% compared to 27.6% in the prior year, an improvement of 80 basis points. The change is made up of a favorable decrease in SG&A expenses of 90 basis points, partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in cost of operations. The reduction in SG&A expenses primarily relates to $17 million of legal charges recorded in the prior year. Second quarter 2014 SG&A expense was in line with our expectations at 9.9% of revenue. The change in cost of operations primarily relates to increases in transportation expenses, subcontract costs and cost of goods sold, partially offset by favorable reductions in direct labor and risk management expenses. The increase in transportation costs primarily relates to growth at landfill special waste where third-party transportation was used to deliver the volume. The increase in subcontract costs and cost of goods sold primarily relates to growth in the outsourced portion of our National Accounts business and recycled commodity volumes that we've brokered on behalf of our customers. The favorable reduction in risk management expense relates to a reduction in ultimate claim costs. Our risk group has been able to favorably settle claims as compared to the actual -- actuarial reserves recorded. Finally, the improvement in labor primarily relates to the mix of volume growth. The increase in landfill special waste and outsourced National Accounts has very little incremental labor. I would like to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Brian will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data.
Brian Delghiaccio: Thanks, Glenn. Second quarter 2014 interest expense was $87 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our effective tax rate was 38.5% of adjusted earnings in the second quarter and 39.1% on a year-to-date basis. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% in the second half of the year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $247 million, which was in line with our expectations. Net capital expenditures during this period were $482 million or approximately 60% of our projected full year spend. Free cash flow can fluctuate by period due to the timing of capital expenditures, cash tax payments and working capital. At June 30, our accounts receivable balance was $933 million, and our days sales outstanding was 38 days, or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at June 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Brian. To conclude, our second quarter results keep us on track to achieve the goals and objectives we established for 2014. We remain comfortable with our full year guidance of adjusted EPS of $1.93 to $1.98 and adjusted free cash flow of $675 million to $725 million. The fundamentals of the business remain solid and trends continue to improve as expected. We see strong open market pricing, which is offsetting lower CPI-based resets; organic volume growth driving margin expansion in our large container industrial and landfill businesses; service level increases in our small container commercial business; continued progress on our multi-year initiatives to mitigate cost inflation in the business; and a healthy pipeline of accretive acquisitions. Our team is dedicated to providing superior customer service and executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We remain committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment-grade rating and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question does come from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on volumes. Don, maybe you could comment on if you saw above normal or normal seasonality in volumes during the quarter. Historically, you folks have raised guidance at Q2 the majority of time. Is -- do volumes -- do commercial volumes need to get better for you to raise guidance or -- any commentary around volumes and sort of your reiteration versus raise of guidance, which you've done historically most of the time.
Donald W. Slager: I'll start with your first question. I think seasonality was normal. So we're pretty confident in the trajectory of the business. Our estimates -- the guidance as we entered into the year, we expected to see the economy improving and we're seeing that. We thought we would see it approved -- accrue first in the C&D business, and we're seeing that both in the landfill and on the roll-off side of the business. We expected that open market pricing would be stronger and we would actually move more strongly in the open market for price to offset some of the pressure we're seeing in the municipal side of our business. So most of that is happening pretty consistent with what we expected. So we're comfortable with the range of guidance for the rest of the year, and we'll update you further when we get to Q3.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. And just a follow-up question on the margin side. You've talked about a 100 bps expansion from CNG, fleet automation and the One Maintenance initiative. Is -- could you give us a sense of -- is that front-end loaded? Is that going to be pretty linear going forward? And longer term, as most of the margin expansion, should we expect that to come from price given that, over the last few years since the downturn, you've taken out a lot of costs and you were already pretty lean to begin with?
Donald W. Slager: Thanks. It's a great question. Yes. The 3 operating initiatives: Fleet -- One Fleet, CNG and automation, we said, is going to be 75 to 100 bps of operating margin improvement over 3 years. And think about that being probably more mid- to back-end loaded because it takes a while to get these things up and going. And as you know, the One Fleet initiative has a lot of front-loaded costs to get through that initiative and get it rolled out. But we're on track, and we're very happy with the results we're seeing there. As far as the margin, yes, we've said all along that it's going to take price in excess of normal inflation. And so that CPI headwind has been hurting us over the last couple of years, but we've kept the margin strong. We think, as CPI normalizes again, and we think it will, that we will continue to see margin expansion and we're going to hopefully see continued strong pricing in the open market. So we're comfortable with the guidance. We think the margins have held up nicely. And we think, over time, as CPI improves and pricing improves along with it that we can push the margins a little higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Don, so it sounds like the tone of business is improving. You got what sounds like a nice benefit -- a year-over-year benefit from special waste in the quarter. Can you help us think through how sustainable that is and what the internal growth assumptions are baked into your reiterated EPS guidance?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I'll let one of these other guys talk about the internal growth assumption baked in. I'll talk to you about the special waste. The bulk of the special waste year-over-year improvement is coming out of event-driven job, so soil, in which to me that business is a little bit lumpy. But we've got a good pipeline of special waste that we're looking at for the future quarters. So we think that's going to be consistent throughout the rest of the year. And the good news there for me is that, that soil clearing -- or that soil removal tends to be kind of a precursor to construction, land clearing. And so, we just think it's another positive sign of economic growth and potentially more construction. So we think that's a good thing. And then, our E&P business held up pretty well as well. We do receive some material from a various number of drilling sites at our landfills. So that has been pretty consistent for us as well.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Going forward, Corey, the special waste has grown for the last 4 quarters in a row and the last 3 have been double-digit growth rates. So we expect growth in the second half to be muted because we have tougher comparisons there. It really took off in the second half of 2013. And so, from here on out, the comparisons on special waste will be tougher.
Corey Greendale: And applying that to the overall guidance, Glenn, so we should expect the volume growth to be more muted in the back half? So I'm talking about overall volume growth, not just special waste.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Overall, yes, we're sticking with our guidance of 1.5% to 2% volume growth for the full year.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So the volume's there, it's just a comp against last year. That's all.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes.
Corey Greendale: And just one more, if I could, on the -- what commodity price assumption are you baking into the guidance? And how -- what's the EPS impact of -- if you are baking in lower commodity prices versus what you might have assumed at the beginning of the year?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes, it's relatively flat, Corey. So remember, in the beginning of the year, we were guiding to the full year of $110 per ton. And in the second quarter, we were right at about $108, so relatively in line with where we thought we'd be.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Levine with Imperial Capital.
Scott Justin Levine: So drilling down a little bit more on the impact of index-based pricing. I know most of your resets, a large chunk of them, occur here either midyear or in Q3. Should we expect, based on the inflation information to-date that you're seeing a step-down, step-up? What should we be thinking about the index side of the business going forward based on past inflation rates?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes, Scott, the inflation rate in 2013 CPI was 1.5%. So we would be seeing a bigger impact of that in the second half of 2014. So we'll be stepping down. Now, the more recent CPIs have been in the 2% range. We'll see where that goes for the remainder of the year. But if we get a higher CPI for the rest of this year, we'll see that impact in 2015.
Scott Justin Levine: Understood. And as a follow-up on the cash flow. The dividend raise here, I think, in the last couple of years has been a step-up in terms of rate of increase from years prior. Can you help us understand a little bit how you think about that from a payout ratio perspective and thoughts on what you would favor, either the dividend or the buyback going forward based -- or following against the dividend increase here today?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So, one, we're not managing to a yield goal, and we think that the payout ratio that we have today is pretty consistent and will stay pretty consistent through time. We've said now for many years that we think the business, as it grows, can support a dividend increase in the mid- to high-single digit year-over-year. So think of a 6% to 8% kind of dividend increase year-on-year. That's pretty consistent with our 3- and 5-year CAGR as we look at the business today. And that's the way to look at it. We think this balanced approach of free cash flow, having some availability to grow the business through acquisition and then spending the remainder on that kind of split somewhat evenly between dividend and buyback is the right way to go, and that's what we're committed to.
Operator: Next question is from Derek Sbrogna with Macquarie.
Derek Sbrogna: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing on the residential side. I know in the past you've talked about this kind of being a drag and the customers wanting to see -- wanting to get more out of the service provider without a willingness to pay. Has this stalled at all -- or do you still foresee this as being a drag as we go forward here in what seems to be an improving environment?
Donald W. Slager: Well, the main drag on residential overall is the CPI piece. If you think about our overall business, our industrial business is performing very well, growing units, growing revenue per unit, expanding margins. Our commercial business volumes are modestly increased, margins kind of remained flat. We're looking for the more service increases to develop as we can start to sort of build density into that business. The residential line of business has been our drag. Some of that is just CPI, and we're going to work our way through that. Some of that is the customer demand for increased services. But I would say that we feel better about it today than we did 6 months ago. Anecdotally, we're seeing a little different behavior out there. I think people are being a little more stingy with their CapEx. These are very expensive contracts to get involved in. Fully automated trucks, 3-cart systems, CNG. The capital outlay for resi contracts is large. And so, we've stepped back a little bit, too. And so, we're looking -- as Glenn said in his comments, we're not going to do business unless it's for the right return. And so, we're pushing back a little bit. And I think, anecdotally, our team would say that the environment is probably improving slightly from that perspective. It hasn't shown up in the numbers yet. But as CPI improves and haulers understand the full cost of running these contracts, I think, overall, the pricing and the reset environment will improve, too.
Derek Sbrogna: Okay, great. And that's actually a good segue into a follow-up in terms of ensuring that business meets a good return. Can you maybe provide a little bit more detail on the next-generation ROI-based tool? Just kind of where you are in the roll-out process, how it differs from the prior version? And then, maybe more specifically, if this is being managed at a corporate level or at a field level?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes, great. So the one thing that's very much the same is it's ROI-based. So the old tool that we've used for years was a lot more manual, more sort of spreadsheet-driven. This is a cloud-based software that we, frankly, administrate from the corporate office. And so when we talk about having better control of the pricing decisions at the field level, that's one of the main benefits. So we're very focused here on quality revenue. How do we -- as we grow revenue, as we grow volume, how do we grow quality of revenue, quality of units. And so, we've got a lot of transactions happening out there everyday. We've got this 7% defection. We have to replace those units in the market through new-new growth or competitive growth. We want to make sure that every new unit coming into the system is priced at the very best level. And so this tool is, as I said, a tablet-based tool or an iPad-based tool that our salespeople can go to the market with. It allows them to basically enter the customer's data to segment the customer, understanding what kind of a customer they are and what they might be willing to pay for. It helps them make better decisions. It helps them be more efficient with their -- making their sales calls. And actually, as I said on the call, it actually improves the customer experience. So all of that is aimed at improving quality of revenue and improving the efficiency of our sales force and then ultimately still improving the experience for our customers. So we're pretty excited about it. We're through a couple of markets. Right now, we've done the pilots to basically get the system rolled out and initiate the training, kind of tweak it a little bit and we're going to be rolling it out, as I said, through the end of 2015. A lot of that will be done this year. But having it rolled out and then having it fully utilized and all the training completed and having sort of that Rule of 78 start to work for you because this is really aimed at the replacement of the 7% defection, the new sales so to speak. So -- and then, we'll use the tool to price service increases and decreases as well. But it puts all the power in the salespeople's hands to be more efficient, but it puts the control in our hands here. So we set pricing parameters at corporate with the assistance of our local management teams, but we have the ability to set thresholds and benchmarks. And when we make adjustments here, basically, because it's a cloud-based system, those adjustments can basically -- and those new pricing limits and thresholds can be instituted in the field virtually overnight.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel (sic) [Wunderlich].
Michael E. Hoffman: In the gory details in the margin data, there is, in fact, a positive move in labor and fuel. Am I overreaching when I say that you're starting to see here some tiny little benefit from all this work in automation and CNG and One Fleet?
Donald W. Slager: No, we're seeing the benefits. I would tell you that, as we look at the quarter, June looked better than the first 2 months of the quarter as related to those 2 line items you mentioned. So we're anxious to see those things kind of flow into July and into Q3. But the system is working. We're seeing the benefit. We are facing -- the fleet complexity has increased pretty dramatically as we've been buying all these CNG trucks and automated trucks and all the new clean diesel technology over the last several years. That's impacting us a little bit. So that's one of the benefits of having One Fleet out there, is it helps us maintain that more complex fleet better than we would have without One Fleet. So we're on track. As I said in my comments, we're going to come over the hill here and we'll see the benefits in the business not only in those 2 line items, but we'll see driver productivity, we'll see driver morale and turnover impacted positively. We'll see better customer service as a result. And then, ultimately, we're going to get this fleet benefit as we very methodically and intelligently get more life out of our fleet. So we're feeling pretty good about it.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then -- I can't remember who was framing this, but I have this sense I should think about first half versus second half and if you sort of have an average revenue growth of, call it, mid to upper 4% in -- for that first half, the second half clearly is slightly lower because CPI has come down, volume comp. But is there -- so I'm kind of trying to understand the gauge of that. I mean, is it sort of 50 basis points? And then, the other question in that is if this trend in volume is coming through in service upgrades, is the scope of your rollbacks starting -- are they narrowing, too? So maybe there's -- that's a cushion as well. I'm just trying to understand the combination of all those pieces.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I'm not sure that -- there's a lot of moving pieces there. I'm not sure that we can give you the exact first half-second half split. I would tell you that the trajectory is right. That things are improving and obviously, the CPI's second half headwind but -- and you got something to add there, Brian?
Brian Delghiaccio: Yes, I was just going to say [indiscernible] so, Michael, if you kind of take a look at our guidance, right, on the yield side, we're guiding to 1% to 1.5%. And year-to-date, it's been 1.3%, right? So you can kind of look at that relative to the overall range. And same thing on the volume, year-to-date volumes have been 2.1%, and our guidance for the full year is 1.5% to 2%, right? So while there might be in particular on the volume, as I mentioned, again, tougher comps in the second half, you can still see, given the fact that half of the year is already done, it's not a substantial change, if you will, in trajectory given that half -- like I said, half of the year is already in the bag.
Michael E. Hoffman: And the rollback issue? Are we getting narrowing or less pressure -- I mean -- rollbacks aren't as big as they used to be?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I would tell you that we're doing a better job year-over-year on extending business prior to it going to bid. And I would tell you that when we do have to roll back, it's probably similar to last year. But -- and I would tell you, anecdotally, I think it's improving. But again, we're talking about resi, right? We're talking about municipal resi contracts. And again, that gets influenced not only by CPI, but it gets influenced by municipalities getting healthier. So as the economy improves and our tax base improves, that whole dynamic is going to improve with it. And that's what we would expect to see going forward.
Operator: Next question is from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Question for you on the cash flow guidance. It implies, call it, $430 million to $480 million in the back half, which is up pretty nicely versus last year. And I get that your cash flow is typically back-half loaded. But can you maybe just walk us through some of the pluses and minuses that give you the conviction that you're going to hit that full year cash flow?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes, sure, Joe. If you look at last year, our cash flow in the second half of '13 was over $400 million. And then, when you look at CapEx for the full year, our CapEx is going to be lower than 2013. But through the half year, we spent more on CapEx in the first half. So we are going to have a decline that's pretty significant on CapEx in the second half of the year.
Joe Box: Okay. So that's the biggest good guy on the list. Anything on the minus side that could detract?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Well, if our profits stay where they are, we'll pay a little bit more in tax. But there's also some other good guys on the working capital side. So overall, we're comfortable in maintaining our guidance of the $675 million to $725 million.
Joe Box: Got it, got it. I do want to dig into the 13% recycling volume growth just a little bit more. Glenn, I know that you said earlier that the bulk of that came from National Accounts. But can you maybe just quantify what National Accounts and then maybe give us a sense of where the rest of the growth is coming from?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Well, it's almost all National Accounts and the biggest piece of that is volumes that we're brokering for National Accounts customers. That accounts for almost all of the increase that you see there. So again, this is one of those sort of, kind of skews the margins a little bit. We get a fee to manage that volume because we already have 4 million tons of our own volume that we're managing and recycling, right? And so, we got people that do this for a living for us. And so, when we have National Accounts that need their old corrugated containers managed, they do the baling and we basically broker a company to come in and move that material and take it to an end destination, one of our mills. And so, we just get a small fee, so kind of a pass-through thing. It kind of skews our margins. But it's, on an ROI basis, good business. So we'll do that for customers when they need that service.
Operator: Next question is from Charles Redding with BB&T.
Charles E. Redding: Just a quick follow-up on the National Accounts piece. Could you just remind us of the increase there for the quarter? And then, is it generally fair to assume that, that's going to be much less cyclical than special waste?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Well, National Accounts, I guess, is less cyclical than special waste unless you have a large win or loss. Overall, we focused more of our effort here recently on the sort of mid-sized to small national accounts and have spent less time worrying about or chasing the large national account because, quite frankly, they tend to be less profitable and they have a harder time creating customer loyalty. So I would expect that to be less lumpy over time. But National Accounts is a good business for us. We're committed to it. We've got a reasonably sized portfolio that we're growing in mostly, as I said, in the smaller regional kinds of accounts, et cetera. And the only thing that really kind of skews our numbers in National Accounts is when we have to subcontract services in markets that we're not in or when we do this recycling broker -- brokerage that it makes the margins look a little bit strange. But I would tell you that, again, on an ROI basis, the business we're bringing up working National Accounts is producing good returns for us.
Charles E. Redding: Okay. And are there factors there aside from labor that really move the needle in terms of margins, or is it mostly labor in terms of just having that subcontracted?
Donald W. Slager: With National Accounts, again, when we do the hauling ourselves, these accounts fit right into our network, into our density. And when we have an inordinate amount of a customer's locations outside of our footprint, then that changes the overall margin because of the subcontracting portion. So again, as I said, good margin -- a low margin but high return when you factor all that in.
Operator: Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: I joined a little late, so my apologies. But I wanted to drill on this cost of operation inflation and the growth in revenue. And it still seems to be -- I'm assuming there's a difference that's about 40 basis points, costs have gone up 5.5% and revenue went up a little over 5%. So is that mix -- is that not getting enough traction yet on the cost savings program? What -- it seems like there's a little bit of a struggle here. And I would have thought you would have gotten a little bit of benefit given that we've comp-ed the CPI hurdle that we've been talking about for a while.
Glenn A. Culpepper: I think, Al, if you look at our cost of operations, and this is in our 8-K, in 2013, it was $61.6 million. And this quarter, it's $61.7 million. So it's pretty even. And as we said in there, we've had quite a bit of growth in our National Accounts and in this brokered business where the margins are thin. So you've had some increased cost of sales from that, increased cost of sales from the commodity brokerage-type business. Overall, the costs have only gone up 10 basis points.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: On basis points, I agree. But on dollar-wise, it's up quite high. I understand.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We've got a little bit of fuel, too, a little bit of fuel drag there as well, Al.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Right, all right. Just one other comment and then I have a follow-up. Just make sure when you get over that hill that all this repair and maintenance work keeps the trucks having their brakes. No pun intended but -- on the commodity side, I understand where prices are as we sit. But can you remind us, you're central region more Chicago-based export market, is that fair? And I think you just have a tradition of using the period closing rate to incorporate into future guidance, is that fair?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's what we've done. Our guidance for the full year is $110. And right now, the average is about $111. And that's all regions and all commodities.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Holly. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, everyone, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the first quarter 2014 call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. DelGhiaccio. Good afternoon, Mr. DelGhiaccio.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Good afternoon, operator. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Brian DelGhiaccio, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2014 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO; and Ed Lang, Senior Vice President of Finance, are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 24, 2014. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times, and presentations are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our first quarter results and are proud of the way the Republic team responded to challenging winter conditions. Even though we lost approximately 3% of our route days in the central and east regions due to weather, we reported positive volume growth, positive yield in all lines of business, and generated strong cash flow to fund substantial cash returns to shareholders. Some of the financial highlights for the quarter include first quarter EPS was $0.43. Excluding the weather impact, adjusted EPS would have been $0.45. About half of the $0.02 weather impact was due to lost revenue opportunities and the remainder was due to increased operating costs. Adjusted free cash flow was $186 million, and it was in line with our expectations. This level of performance continues to demonstrate the strong cash flow characteristics of our business. Core price in the first quarter was 3.2% and average yield was 1.2%. Average yield was comparable to the first quarter of the prior year, even with a 110 basis point decline in CPI-based pricing. We continue to see strong core price contribution from the open market to offset lower CPI-based price resets. First quarter volumes increased 1.5%. Volume growth was concentrated due to C&D roll off, national accounts, and landfill special waste. Commercial service level changes were positive in the first quarter and increased sequentially. This is a continuation of a trend that began in 2013. We returned $226 million to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. This includes 3.9 million shares repurchased for $132 million. We still expect to spend approximately $400 million on share repurchases in 2014. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on our multiyear initiatives that enabled us to execute our strategy. We are focused on managing the controllable aspects of our business by improving the quality of revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. For example, during the first quarter, we launched My Resource, a customer portal that gives our customers online access to their accounts and our services. This expanded technology enhances our customers experience by making it easier to do business with us. These capabilities further differentiate our service offering and increase value to our customers. We continue to improve service quality by consistently delivering on the promises we make to our customers. The goal is to build customer loyalty and improve customer retention. We grade ourselves using Net Promoter Score, or NPS, which measures the willingness of our customers to recommend our services. Our Net Promoter Scores have improved in five consecutive quarters. The investment made in acquisitions was $11 million. We acquired approximately $7 million of revenue at a post-synergy EBITDA multiple of 4.5x. These transactions consist of tuck-in acquisitions that layer in well to markets we already service. At the end of the quarter, we had $18 million of deals under letter of intent. 12% of our fleet is currently operating on natural gas. We expect that 14% of the fleet will be operating on natural gas by the end of the year. 57% of our residential fleet is now automated. 47% of our fleet has completed our One Fleet maintenance initiative. We remain confident that we can cost-effectively extend the use of our fleet by one year once the majority of our vehicles have been certified. We estimate that this will reduce future capital requirements by $200 million, spread over a 4 to 5 year period, beginning in 2015. Our initiatives remain on track, and we plan to launch other initiatives over the next several quarters, including the next generation of our ROI based pricing tool. Im proud of our achievements during the first quarter, and remain encouraged by the underlying strength of the business. I want to thank the entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Glenn and Ed will now discuss the financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn Culpepper: Thanks, Don. First quarter 2014 revenue was approximately $2.1 billion, an increase of $75 million from the prior year. This 3.8% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 60 basis points and reflects the following three components of internal growth: pricing, volume, and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had an average yield growth of 1.2%. First quarter average yield was consistent with the same period in the prior year, and in line with our expectations. Core price in the first quarter was 3.2%. Average yield in the collection business was 1.3%, which includes 2.7% yield in the industrial business and 1.2% yield in the commercial business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1.4%, led by landfill and MSW, which increased approximately 2%. Fuel recovery fees increased 0.1%. Fuel costs increased approximately $2 million compared to the prior year, and decreased 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.96 in the first quarter from $4.03 in the past year, a decrease of approximately 1.7%. The current average diesel price is approximately $3.95 per gallon. Second, volumes increased 1.5% year over year. The collection business was positive 1.1%, primarily due to an increase in industrial volume. Growth in the industrial line of business was 3.1%, which includes C&D and other temporary activity, which was up approximately 6%. Growth in the commercial business continues to be positive, but modest at 1.1%. Collection volume also includes a 50 basis point decline in the residential business, primarily due to contracts lost in bid situations. We will only renew business if it meets our return criteria. The post-collection business consisting of third-party landfill and transfer station volume was positive 1.8%, which includes an increase in landfill special waste of approximately 14%. Special waste landfill volumes were lower in the first quarter of 2013, which created an easier comparison. Our landfill MSW volumes were down 1.6%. Our defection rate, which represents the annualized rate of customer turnover, remains stable at approximately 7%. Third, commodity revenue increased 40 basis points. The increase in commodity sales reflects both higher prices for recycled commodities and an increase in tons sold. Commodity prices increased 4.4% to an average price of $117 per ton in the first quarter from $112 per ton in the past year. This represents the average price for all commodity types across all regions. First quarter recycling facility volume of 558,000 tons was up 3.6% from the prior year. Most of the increase relates to additional national accounts brokered volumes. We closed five older recycling centers that we no longer operate or that were consolidated into other facilities. We intentionally rationalized recycling assets that did not meet our return criteria. Current average commodity prices are approximately $113 per ton. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased $12 million compared to the prior year, an increase of 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Most of the change relates to brokering recycled commodity volumes on behalf of our national accounts customers. The return on this business is attractive, since there are limited capital requirements. Now I will discuss year over year margin. First quarter 2014 adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.7%, compared to 28.5% in the prior year, a decrease of 80 basis points. As Don mentioned, our business was impacted by the severe weather conditions in the first quarter, which reduced EBITDA margin performance by approximately 30 basis points. The margin impact mostly relates to an increase in operating costs, including labor, fuel, and utilities incurred as a result of weather. Additionally, we benefited from alternative fuel tax credits of approximately $6 million in the prior year. As we discussed on our last earnings call in February, this credit expired, which resulted in a 30 basis point EBITDA margin headwind in the first quarter of 2014. These margin headwinds are isolated to our first quarter performance. During the first quarter, we recorded a pretax charge of approximately $36 million or $0.06 of EPS related to an increase in estimated remediation costs at Bridgeton Landfill. During the quarter, it became necessary to upgrade the design and capacity of the [unintelligible] Treatment Facility, which will increase total construction costs. The impact of this charge was excluded from adjusted EPS in the first quarter and our expected adjusted EPS for the full year. Ed will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow, and selected balance sheet data.
Edward Lang: Thanks, Glenn. First quarter 2014 interest expense was $87 million, which included $11 million of noncash amortization. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 39.8% of adjusted earnings, and in line with our expectations. Our effective tax rate of 33.4% in Q1 of the prior year was favorably impacted by closing our open tax years under audit. The change in tax rate was expected, but resulted in a $0.05 EPS headwind compared to our prior year performance. First quarter 2014 adjusted free cash flow was $186 million, which was in line with our expectations. Net capital expenditures during the quarter were $213 million. At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $873 million, and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at March 31, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. To conclude, our first quarter results keep us on track to achieve the goals and objectives we established for 2014, and we remain comfortable with our full year guidance. The fundamentals of the business remain strong, and we are well-positioned to take advantage of an improving economy. We built our plan assuming the positive momentum exiting 2013 would continue, and we believe underlying business conditions are improving as expected. We remain focused on managing the business for the long term and creating lasting shareholder value. Our team remains dedicated to providing superior customer service and executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade rating, and increasing cash returns to shareholders. Before going to Q&A, I would like to personally congratulate three Republic employees for being selected as this years drivers of the year by the National Waste and Recycling Association. The three drivers are being honored for their outstanding customer service and safety records and were chosen out of 908 nominations from across the U.S. As this award is our industrys highest honor, Im proud that once again Republic secured all three of the coveted award categories. Congratulations Tino, [unintelligible], and Johnny. We look forward to celebrating your achievements with you next week at Waste Expo. At this time, operator, Id like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your final question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on volumes. Maybe you could give us a sense of any early read you have into seasonality. Are we going to see above normal seasonality based on what youre seeing in volumes today? I realize it may be a little too early. And then by the same token, maybe you could touch on how much landfill volumes were up as well, if I missed that.
Donald Slager: I will tell you that Q2 were off to a really good start in April, looking at a continuation of what we saw with specifically roll off C&D and special waste has been strong for us. So again, to your point, it is a little bit too early to judge seasonality. We usually like to have May under our belt before we can start to judge that. But were off to a good start in April. As far as landfill volume overall, we had a strong C&D and MSW, but total landfill volume was plus 4%. But special waste led the way, as Glenn said, up about 14%. So we lost some MSW volume. Weve had some competitive losses, so about 1.6% decline over last year in trash coming into landfills based on competitive pricing.
Hamzah Mazari: And just a follow up question. I think youre less than 3x net debt to EBITDA levered. There are a lot of larger assets out there that are private. I know historically youve spoken about this steady $100 million tuck-in sort of acquisition diet. Could you maybe just comment on how comfortable you are in taking leverage up? I know we did that in the Republic-Allied deal. How comfortable are you in taking leverage up to what level to do something larger that makes sense?
Donald Slager: Well, weve always said I think our sweet spot is between 2.5x and 3x. So wed like to keep it there. Were right now at 3x. We do look at larger deals, and right now we are focused and have been on the small tuck-ins, because they come at the right multiple post-synergy and they also have less risk as far as integration goes. We do look at larger transactions, and we do have flexibility in our balance sheet to do things, whether we can do that using our revolver or if we had to flex the stock repurchase. Were just looking at it from whats accretive and what brings us the best returns. So if you look at our stock trading at 8.5, for us it kind of comes down to that. Would we rather spend 8.5x EBITDA buying into a company we know and love, that is Republic? Or do we want to put that money at risk? And we certainly arent going to be paying 9x or 9.5x for EBITDA. So if we can buy good free cash flow at the right multiple, were going to do that, and were going to consistently look at larger deals. And they do come across our radar every now and then, but weve got to be disciplined in our purchasing strategy.
Glenn Culpepper: And the limit on our credit facility as far as the covenant test is debt to EBITDA of 3.5x, so again, were an investment grade credit. Our credit metrics are consistent with that type of a credit rating, and the credit facility does have a limit in debt to EBITDA in order to ensure that type of a rating.
Operator: The next question that I show comes from Derek Sbrogna with Macquarie.
Derek Sbrogna: Just wanted to drill in a little bit here on the weather. The $0.02 impact, can you maybe talk a little bit more about where you see the lost revenue opportunities and also I know you framed out the three areas where costs have increased. If you could maybe provide some additional color on why those costs go up in poorer weather?
Donald Slager: Well, weather specifically. We had some really severe weather in parts of the country that we normally budget weather in, places like Chicago and Detroit. But this was pretty harsh weather if you live there. We had brutal cold and we had snow day on day. And then we saw weather in parts of the country we dont normally budget for weather. We dont budget for snow in Atlanta and places like that. So when you have weather like that, we have two things happen. We have loss of revenue from garbage not moving to our landfills or us not hauling roll off loads from businesses that arent operating. You have some pickup from the fact that some days you dont run your trucks. But then when you have to come back and pick up where you left off and make up for that lost time, youre paying a lot of overtime. And you have frankly, in some of the really brutal weather, things tend to break when its subzero for many days in a row. You know, steel gets brittle and your maintenance costs go up, those kind of things. So again, I know were not the only company out there beyond the waste industry thats had to talk about weather, and so were not using that as an excuse. We just wanted to point it out, that we did have some impact. And frankly, a solid $0.02 from a half cost and half revenue loss, but I think that frames out the fact that were really positive on the underlying fundamentals of the business units and as to the question I answered from Hamzah, weve got a good start here in April, and we think the underlying fundamentals are strong.
Operator: And maybe just one more. Youve seen a couple of consecutive quarters here of the strength in specialty waste. I know that theres been some easier comps, and maybe that business can be lumpy. But can you talk about the environment youre seeing in those markets and whether some of the pickup is really indicative of you guys winning business, or whether its just indicative of a strengthening environment.
Donald Slager: I would say its new volume. We talk about how our business tends to lag the economy, both on the downside and the return. And we would tell you that as we see special waste volumes returning, it is an indicative sign of better economy to come. When companies are releasing bids for special waste cleanups, its because theyve got confidence in their own capital budgets. And a lot of times, the special waste is land clearing for new construction, so that bodes well for whats to come. So weve got a strong market in special waste and C&D, and were just waiting for that to lead the way for a stronger return in commercial.
Operator: Next is from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: First, a question on the brokered recycling volume. I understand that thats [unintelligible] because of slow capex, but it is suppressing EBITDA margins, so it would be helpful to understand just what is happening without that in it. The 50 basis point decrease that I think Glenn talked about from that particular [unintelligible], is that the right way to think about this, that EBITDA margin would have been 50 basis points higher if it werent for the growth in that business?
Donald Slager: The national accounts brokered volumes would account for a 30 basis point decrease in our margins in the quarter. And the reason for it really is were required to book the full amount of the revenue and the full amount of the costs, even though in many cases were not even handling the product. And so its really just a pass through, but we have to record both the revenues and the costs gross.
Corey Greendale: And I know the dynamic kind of contrasting internal growth components, you versus Waste, theres nothing new, but because it was almost the sole focus of Wastes call earlier, I just want to ask. The fact that youre reporting better volume and lower on yield than Waste Management, how much do you attribute that to philosophy versus the markets youre in and do you expect that to change with this next generation ROI pricing tool that youre talking about?
Donald Slager: Thats a big question, so Ill give you some color. One, we dont focus primarily just on yield metric. Theres a lot more to consider when you think about where you want to grow your business and how you want to balance price and volume. So were trying to give both positive price and volume in our business, and of course were focused on return on invested capital. So when it comes to where well walk away from business, we want to walk away from business when its not profitable, when it doesnt give us an appropriate return. We want to retain business that gives us the appropriate return, even if it is a competitive bidding type of a situation. So we take two very different views. One in the post-collection business. We have consistently raised prices in the landfill business, and consistently let volume go that didnt meet our pricing expectations. Those landfills are expensive to own and operate, and we feel that they should carry a higher price component of growth every year. So as I said, we actually saw more defection in our landfill business in Q1, 1.6% volume loss, and all that volume loss because they found a better price somewhere else. So a little different view in the hauling side, as I said. In our commercial business, that density really matters, and its a very profitable part of our business. So when were in a competitive situation over a current customer, were going to try to keep that customer if its profitable and has the right return. Now, were growing our rollup business, because that part of the business is starting to come back. And while some might argue that that part of the business has a lower return than other parts of the business, the fact is our job is to grow free cash flow and deploy capital at the appropriate terms. So were growing that business, and were getting both price and volume in the rollup system. So were seeing margins expand because of the demand. So we think our teams doing a good job of balancing both price and volume. Remember that weve got 7% defection in our business, so if we do nothing, our business shrinks 7% a year. And so weve got to replace that volume. About half of that 7% is competitive. The other half is structural, but weve got to replace that volume to stay flat. In fact, youve got to replace that volume plus, in order to stay flat, because weve had this conversation probably a number of times, Corey. If youre losing business for competitive price, youre losing it at a higher than average price, and if youre gaining business at market prices, its generally coming in slightly below. So another thing to point out is I think our pricings pretty strong. We have 3.2% core price, and that includes 4.2% in the open market. So were out there pricing pretty consistently in the open market every month. And as you know, we really control that pricing movement from a corporate office, our pricing team working with the local divisions, pushing out those pricing programs month after month. You know, every market about a 12th of the market every month that were reviewing customer cost and pricing and passing that into the market. So I think were doing a good job. The think you mentioned about the new pricing tool, what thats going to do for us, its a technology solution, frankly, that brings some better control and user friendliness to our frontline sales people so that were going to try to work harder to control that point of sale pricing and help those sales people make better decisions at the front end. So a lot of the things that were doing at Republic are focused in and around improving yield. And I would say it more improving the quality of revenue, and improving the decision making about how we quote business and how we prove to the customer that our value proposition is better. I spoke in my comments about customer service, about launching the user portal, the thing we call My Resource. So whatever we can do around here to improve that quality of revenue, that quality of the product to the customer, increase their willingness to pay, thats where were living and breathing here. But we believe that youve got to balance that volume and price growth. As long as youve got a keen eye in and around a returns-based philosophy, we think its the right thing to do for cash and ultimately for long term returns in the business.
Operator: Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets, your line is open.
Joe Box: Don, it sounds like you guys are getting pretty close to getting over the hump on One Fleet, at about 47% installed. I think comps get a bit easier in Q2 on the maintenance and repair side. Are you still thinking that mid to late 2014, One Fleet starts to pay for itself?
Donald Slager: Yeah, when half the fleet is certified and no longer causing that cost [unintelligible] wave, well start seeing more and more benefits from the first half of the fleet. Again, improved productivity, less downtime, better customer service, driver engagement scores improve in the business. So were still positive about the process. Again, this is a really big change initiative as weve talked about, and its kind of slow going, but the deeper we get into it, the more committed we are to it. Its the right thing to do. Its going to pay us back. And then of course over and above that, just running a better business, having a stronger operation and a better customer service reliability, were going to have that reduced capex over the long term. So were committed to getting more out of our fleet and beginning to reduce capex in 2015 by $40 to $50 million a year over a four or five year period.
Joe Box: No, I certainly get the benefits of it. Maybe just to dig into the numbers a little bit, and I get that Q1 maintenance and repair expenses probably were somewhat inflated by weather, but should we start to think about that year over year increase in maintenance from repair leveling off? Or even declining on a year over year basis?
Donald Slager: Well, well just try to put it into the context of this. The three initiatives that weve got going on in our cost and productivity are One Fleet, our C&D and our automation. Theyre worth about 100 basis points over a three-year period. So thats the way wed have you look at it, and were going to have better science around this as we get into it, and ultimately were going to get really good at understanding the efficient frontier of our fleet and tweaking our maintenance even further. But more of our stand today is that 1% across those three initiatives of operating costs over a three-year period.
Joe Box: I just want to as one very high level question for you. It seems like theres been several states out there that have added recycling mandates recent, which I guess I find it a bit interesting, because at the same time you have waste firms like yourself that are pushing back and even rationalizing some recycling assets. So I guess what would you tell us? How should we think about reconciling the difference between what customers are saying versus what vendors are doing right now. It just seems like you guys are kind of moving in opposite directions.
Donald Slager: I guess start with we dont think recycling is going away. We think its core to our business and we recognize the customer demand. At the same time, were in the business to turn a profit, and we need to expand our business services to meet customer needs as long as they bring the appropriate return. So again, Glenn mentioned that weve rationalized a couple of assets. We closed a couple of facilities, because they werent bringing us the proper return. It really is a market by market basis. So weve got 240 markets across our 40 states. California is not going to change. Theyre going to continue to have very strong recycling goals, and theyve got teeth in those goals. Consequently, theyve also got a lot of money to spend in education and the recycling is much more a part of the social conscience there. There are other states that are similar to that. There are some states that have increased their goals, but they really havent put any teeth around that. It comes down to regulation, it comes down to density, participation rates, and ultimately for us its got to come down to, can we create a decent return? And in some markets, we think well be able to have a good return on recycling. In other markets, we wont. And consequently, we wont do it or well do it through a third party. In some cases, we have a network of third parties that we use their facilities and so forth, because we dont want to make that investment just yet. So were just taking a very disciplined approach. I think its a slow mover. Its probably moving a little quicker than it was 10 years ago, but I think our approach has been pretty rational. It seems that the industry seems rational today, and there have been some companies that grew from nothing in recycling over the years, but they dont tend to stick around very long. We look at this thing over the 10 year cycle, so when we make those investments we look at what are these commodities worth over the long term.
Operator: Next comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey: A couple of questions. On the volume side, looking at your key geographies and the parts of the country where you werent impacted by weather as much, was there a notable difference in volume trends there relative to the northeast/southeast during the quarter?
Donald Slager: I think we had pretty good volumes kind of across the board, but the west did a great job for us. They didnt have weather. So our west region is Texas to California and up to Oregon/Washington. So not a lot of weather impact. Good economic recovery. Weve got a very good landfill network in the west. A good special waste quarter for us there, and if we look at those underlying trends there, and thats what gives us a lot of confidence in just the overall fundamentals of the business. So as I said, weather is kind of out of the way now. April is starting off very strong, and weve got a lot of confidence going forward.
Alex Ovshey: And then on the recycling side, theres been some volatility in the recycling paper commodity prices. They went up materially in March, and then we gave it back in April. Do you have any visibility into what recycled paper commodities will do over the next couple of months? Any thoughts around that?
Donald Slager: I would just tell you flat. I wish I had a crystal ball, then I would know when to bet on the Bears again. But flat, I think, from our perspective.
Alex Ovshey: Thats fair. And just a last one from me. Can you update us on the Southern California market with Puente Hills now being closed for more than six months? Anything incremental and interesting there?
Donald Slager: We have the closest landfill in the heart of the market. Consequently, we have probably the highest price landfill in the market as far as our rates and our rates to customers. So when that landfill closed, a lot of that volume went to Orange County. They took the volume at a reduced rate, built a transfer station there at La Puente. And we did not really benefit from any volume and any volume that we would get would come at higher rates to sort of work within our current rate structure. Were not looking at discounting there in L.A. to attract cheap volume.
Operator: Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich, your line is open.
Michael Hoffman: Service intervals, you alluded that you were seeing positive service interval changes. And then you shared in several of your answers areas like the western region and the volume trends. It seems through the breadth of the call so far theres this sentiment of just fundamental volume improvement occurring. And no hockey sticks, but just an overall trend thats moving in the right direction. Is that how Im supposed to interpret some of the things you said?
Donald Slager: Yeah, I would say were very positive. No hockey stick, thats important. Everyone would like to think that theres some inflection point, because everythings going to kind of happen at once. We dont see that happening. A lot of good momentum, albeit slow, we think, specifically for Republic. Were doing a lot of the right things. Were improving the core business, were working on costs, were working on our panel agenda, were focused on the customer. Were doing a lot of good things to improve the business and the economy is responding better than it has in previous years. So a lot of good trends, and thats why I said were comfortable in confirming our guidance. Were strong on the cash flow. Were buying back our stock. Were very positive on that, so all in all, we felt we had a really good quarter and we think were going to finish the year right on track.
Michael Hoffman: You have a 28.5% to 29% EBITDA guidance. So were reaffirming that for full year 28.5% to 29%. So to do that, is your pricing covering inflation at this point? Im trying to figure that out. The price you report, are we covering inflation at this point? Your inflation.
Donald Slager: Remember, weve got to go out and get better price in the open market to do that. So I would tell you, were comfortable with whats going on in our commercial open market business, our industrial business. Our residential business continues to be a drag for us. Thats been a real low spot for us, the state municipal finance, the condition of those cities. Were taking a harder stand on some of these renewals. They want us to deploy more and more capital and if you look at some of these recent bids that have been on the Street, they want every kind of automation and every kind of recycling and the capital intensity is growing, but their willingness to pay is not. So were taking a different position there. So were going to have to work a little harder to get the cost recovery out of those residential contracts that are only giving us 1.5% CPI. But you know, were trying to make up for it in other parts of the business. So we do think the pricing environment is improving subtly, not CPI, necessarily, but the open market. And were going to continue to try to improve the quality of our products and services to earn more from the customers.
Michael Hoffman: And that translates into disposal pricing as well?
Donald Slager: Well, yeah, Im not so sure how much more we can do to improve our quality in the landfills for disposal customers. I think it just comes down to whats available in the marketplace. And weve consistently raised our prices at landfills, and weve consistently lost volume at landfills. So thats okay with us, because we think those assets are so critical. So over time, I think as I said probably many times, as the general consumer sentiment improves, as general volumes improve, I think competition behavior improves, I think that speaks well to pricing overall, and hopefully disposal pricing as well.
Glenn Culpepper: And Michael, remember we discussed in the call that we had 60 basis points of margin headwind in the first quarter that will not recur during the rest of the year. So essentially what were looking at is, with the current low CPI environment, flat margin performance year over year when you look at 14 full year compared to 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Al Kaschalk: Just to follow up on that, the 60 basis points of headwind, is that the remediation?
Glenn Culpepper: No, that was the impact of weather. It was about 30 basis points. And in Q1 of 2013 we had a benefit of an alternative fuel tax credit which obviously goes through the fuel expense line. So the combination of those two items, the 60 basis points unique to the first quarter of this year and not rolling into the second quarter.
Al Kaschalk: And Don, just on this whole pricing dynamic, and I appreciate some of the comments and responses youve had here, on the landfill side, realizing the market is local, are you suggesting or implying that youre on average having trouble - maybe thats the wrong word - raising price at the landfill because it is deflecting volume away?
Donald Slager: Well, we lost 1.6% volume in MSW at the landfill, and they were all pricing related losses. One specifically was a bid at a municipality, and others were individual customers. So were going to continue to raise landfill prices. Again, landfills are expensive to own and operate. They need to be able to handle year on year price increases that cover those additional costs. And so were going to continue to do that. We cant subsidize other people in the business by lowering landfill rates. Cant do that. And so thats the way weve approached our infrastructure for many years and were going to continue to do that.
Al Kaschalk: And then on the volume side, Im sorry, I joined the call a little late, the number was what it is in the first quarter, but the trend here is a little bit more headwind in the back half of the year or comps relative to the back half of 2013?
Glenn Culpepper: Our guidance for the full year on volume was 1.5% to 2%, so I would say were tracking right within our expectations.
Al Kaschalk: And then finally, it sounded like you said earlier that the open market pricing is trending up, not necessarily accelerating, but theres net improvement in the overall price environment?
Donald Slager: Well, I think we expect it to continue to improve through the year. Weve relied, as we said at the beginning of the year, when we gave guidance, were going to have to rely on the open market to carry a little bit more pricing than it did last year in light of the low CPI environment in the rest of our index business. And we think thats going to be the case. As I said, well get 4.2% core pricing in the open market as a component of that 3.2% core. So were consistently out in the market looking to improve the quality of revenue. Some of those through pricing actions for existing customers as well as the pricing structure that were using to bid on new business.
Operator: The next question comes from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli.
Tony Bancroft: Quick question on any update with municipal contracts? I saw the news with the Los Angeles last week. Anything there as far as new trends or color there?
Donald Slager: No. Are you talking about the City of L.A., on Puente?
Tony Bancroft: The Los Angeles contract, where they decided to break it up into I think 11
Donald Slager: Yeah, theyre going to franchise that. So were involved in that process. Theres a limited number of sections of the city that youre able to win. Were going to be a part of that process. We expect that because of our capability and the location of our landfill that well fare okay in that process. And its a little ways away yet, but were knee deep into it, and thats all I can report for now. But well keep you updated as we get a little further down the road.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Donald Slager: All right, thank you, operator. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic Way. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Today's call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Angie. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, Vice President of Investor Relations are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 6, 2014. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services 2013 performance and 2014 guidance. I am pleased to report our fourth quarter and full year performance exceeded our financial guidance. Republic team continued to execute on our long term strategy and maintained our track record of generating strong free cash flow. We are managing the business for long term success including investments in growth, acquisitions and productivity improvements. After reinvesting in the business and consistent with our approach to cash utilization we return the majority of free cash flow to our stockholders. I will now discuss some our financial highlights. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.53. These results include $0.03 of favorable development in insurance claim costs and $0.03 of reduced environmental cost. Full year adjusted EPS was $1.97. We achieved the upper end of our guidance range even without the $0.06 of favorable items recorded in the fourth quarter. This level of performance was in line with our expectations and consistent with the guidance we provided on our third quarter earnings call. Full year 2013 adjusted free cash flow was $714 million, which exceeded our guidance of $675 million to $700 million. This level of performance continues to demonstrate the strong cash flow characteristics of our business. Full year 2013 EBITDA margin was 29%. The improvement in our second half 2013 margin performance includes an increase in landfill special waste which was lagging during the first half of the year. Core price in the fourth quarter was 3.4% and our average yield was 1.3%. We continue to see better price contribution from the open market to offset lower CPI-based price resets. Fourth quarter volume increased 2.5%, volume growth continues to be concentrated C&D roll off, national accounts and landfill special waste. Throughout the year we discussed our multiyear initiatives that enable us to execute our strategy. These initiatives are designed to profitably build the business, enhance the customer experience and improve productivity and reduce cost. I will now recap our progress made during 2013. The investment made in acquisitions was $82 million. We acquired approximately $60 million of revenue, a post synergy EBITDA multiple of approximately 4.5 times. These transactions consist of tuck-in acquisitions that layer in well for markets we already serve. We completed several privatizations of municipal solid waste services during 2013 with additional total annual of revenue of approximately $70 million. These are profitable growth opportunities for Republic while lowering cost and mitigating risks for municipalities. We increased recycling capabilities by investing approximately $30 million in developing and upgrading our recycling centers during the year. 2013 recycling facility tons per day increased 8.5% over the prior year. Most of the increase relates to recycling facilities that have been added or upgraded over the last four quarters. We continue to invest in our CNG fleet and natural gas infrastructure with 12% of our fleet now operating on natural gas. During 2013 about 50% of trucks purchased were fueled by CNG. 66% of our residential fleets is now automated which was in line with our year end goal. Automation creates a safe to work environment for employees, improves driver productivity and reduces labor cost. Approximately 45% of our fleet has completed our one fleet maintenance initiative and our maintenance cost headwind continues to abate. We expect to have 50% of the fleet completed by mid-2014 at which point well start realizing benefits. Finally, our cash return to owners was approximately 4.7%. Dividend payments during the year were $349 million and we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $240 million, a part of our achievements during 2013 which is reflected in our strong performance. I want to thank entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Glenn and Ed will now discuss our financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter 2013 revenue was approximately $2.1 billion, an increase of $113 million from the prior year. This 5.6% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 60 basis points and reflects the following three components of internal growth; pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had an average yield growth of 1.3%. Fourth quarter average yield was consistent with our third quarter performance and in line with our expectations. Core price in the fourth quarter was 3.4%. As a reminder, core price is defined as price increases to customers in changes and fees, excluding fuel recovery net of price decreases. Average yield in the collection business was 1.2% which includes 2.8% yield in the industrial business and 1.6% yield in the commercial business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 1.9% led by landfill which increased 2.1%. We continue to see better open market pricing to help offset lower CPI-based resets. As a reminder 50% of our revenue has a contractually based pricing restriction and a majority reset in the second half of the year. Fuel recovery fees increased 0.2%. Most of this change relates to an increase in the rate charge to recover fuel costs. Second, fourth quarter volumes increased 2.5% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1.1%, primarily due to an increase in industrial volume. Growth in the industrial line of business includes C&D and other temporary activity which was up 6.4% and the permanent business was up 3%. The post collection business consisting a third-party landfill and transfer station volume was positive 6.4% which includes an increase in landfill special waste of approximately 18%. Special waste landfill volumes began to slow in the second half of 2012 which created an easier comparison. Our landfill MSW volumes were down 2%. Our defection rate, which represents the annualized rate of customer turnover, remained stable at approximately 7%. Third, an increase in commodity sales resulted in a 1% increase in revenue. The increase in commodity sales reflects both higher prices for recycled commodities and an increase in tons sold. Commodity prices increased approximately 6% to an average of $116 per ton in the fourth quarter from $109 per ton in the prior year. This represents the average price for all commodity types across all regions. Fourth quarter recycling facility commodity volume of approximately 600,000 tons was up 13.6% from the prior year. Most of the increase relates to additional national accounts brokered volumes. We saw a 6% in tons sold at new or recently upgraded facilities which was partially offset by a Murph we closed that was not earning an adequate return. Current average commodity prices are approximately $110 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impact on our recycling facility and collection businesses. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. Fourth quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.3% compared to 28.2% in the prior year, an increase of 210 basis points. As Don mentioned there were favorable, environmental and risk insurance savings that added $0.06 of EPS and reduced cost by approximately a 170 basis points compared to the prior year. Even without these items total EBITDA dollars increased and margin expanded 40 basis points in the quarter. Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 29%. The margin contribution from the reduced insurance and environmental cost on our full year performance was approximately 40 basis points. Our full year EBITDA margin performance was approximately 28.6% excluding these items. I will now discuss the change in specific cost categories for the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the prior year. First labor cost improved 30 basis points. This was primary due to higher levels of special waste received in the quarter which added very little incremental labor expense. Maintenance and repairs increased 30 basis points. The increase primarily relates to implementation cost associated with our one fleet maintenance initiative and the general increase in the cost to repairs due to increased truck complexity and enhanced emission controls. As Don mentioned we expect that 50% of the fleet will complete our standardized maintenance program by mid-2014. We are confident that we can cost effectively extend the useful life of our fleet by approximately one year once the majority of the vehicles have been certified. We estimate this will reduce future capital requirements by approximately $200 million spread over four to five year period beginning in 2015. Transportation and sub contract costs increased 50 basis points which primarily relates to growth in the outsourced portion of our national accounts business and the incremental special waste volume. In the National Accounts business, we employ subcontractors to perform a portion of the work. While incremental EBITDA margin on this work tends to be in the middle-single digit range, this work generates additional free cash flow and has attractive returns since it has very limited capital requirements. For special waste there is often additional third-party transportation to deliver the volumes to our landfills. Next, fuel. The 70 basis point improvement primarily relates to a higher percentage of natural gas trucks in our fleet. Currently, about 12% of our fleet runs on natural gas. We will continue to replace diesel trucks with natural gas vehicles where appropriate and as part of our normal truck replacement cycle. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.87 in the fourth quarter from $4.02 in the prior year, a decrease of approximately 4%. The current average diesel price is approximately $3.95 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.20 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees and our fuel hedges. Landfill operating costs improved 80 basis points related to the favorable reductions in environmental liabilities. We do not expect savings of this size in future periods. Risk management cost improved 80 basis points. Most of this change relates to a decrease in outstanding claim cost as determined by our actuaries. Were focused on claims management to reduce the ultimate cost of our claims. Magnitude of this benefit should be viewed as a unique event although we continue to look at waste to further reduce cost through ongoing safety initiatives and an effective claims management process. Cost of goods sold increased 70 basis points and increased to an average of $40 per ton from $28 per ton in the prior year. Most of the change relates to brokering, recycled commodity volumes on behalf of our national accounts customers. The return on this business is attractive since there are limits capital requirements. Finally SG&A expense was 9.8% of revenue, an improvement of 40 basis points compared to the prior year. Total SG&A dollars were relatively flat to prior year on revenue growth of over $100 million. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.5% in the fourth quarter versus 11.6% in the prior year. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Fourth quarter 2013 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our full year 2013 effective tax rate was 36.5% of adjusted earnings and was impacted by favorably closing out open tax years under audit and realizing additional federal and state credits on our 2012 tax returns. In 2014, there were two tax related changes resulting in a $0.13 EPS headwind. First, in 2014 we expect to return to our normal statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. When compared to the 36.5% effective rate in 2013 this result in an EPS headwind of approximately $0.11. Second, during 2013 we realized alternative fuel tax credits under a provision of the IRS tax code. Similar to bonus depreciation Congress did not extend this provision beyond 2013. The expiration of the fuel tax credit results in a $0.02 EPS headwind. Full year 2013 adjusted free cash flow was $714 million. Adjusted free cash flow included net capital expenditures of $856 million. With the expiration of bonus depreciation at the end of 2013 we expect cash taxes to increase approximately $60 million in 2014. Our 2014 adjusted free cash flow guidance range of $675 million to $725 million is relatively consistent with our 2013 performance. We expect to overcome the cash tax increase with growth from the business and reductions in capital spending. Finally I'll discuss the balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $891 million and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at December 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I'll now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before closing I'll provide 2014 financial guidance. We expect 2014 adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.93 to $1.98. Excluding the $0.13 of tax-related items this represents mid to high-single digit earnings growth. Our guidance assumes that fuel or recycled commodity prices remain at current levels for the full year. We anticipate 2014 adjusted free cash flow in the range of $675 million to $725 million. This level of performance is relatively consistent with 2013 even though we have to overcome a $60 million increase in cash taxes. We expect annual revenue growth of 3.5% to 4.5% which includes average yield of 1% to 1.5%, volume growth of 1.5% to 2% and contribution from acquisitions of approximately 1%. Our expected yield performance is relatively consistent with our 2013 performance. We expect a step down in CPI price resets offset by higher levels of price contributions from our open markets. Our expected volume performance anticipates construction and business activity will continue to improve, partially offset by a modest decline in our residential business. Pricing levels for municipal bins and residential subscription work continues to be challenging and we will only renew business if it meets our return criteria. We anticipate 2014 EBITDA margin of 28.5% to 29%. As Glenn mentioned our full year EBITDA margin in 2013 was 28.6% excluding the favorable insurance and environmental items recorded in the fourth quarter. Our 2014 EBITDA margin guidance is consistent with or slightly up versus the normalized 2013 performance. 2014 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $820 million. During 2014 we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable opportunities and reducing cost. We will enhance the quality of revenue by identifying customer segments and targeting those willing to pay for our higher quality service offering; focusing on the customer experience to differentiate our service offering and build customer loyalty; and prudent pricing decisions made by our sales team at the point-of-sale using upgraded ROI-based pricing tools; enhancing controls for new business sales and service level transactions; better aligned sales incentive programs and increasing fee participation rates in our cost recovery programs. We will continue to profitably grow the business through acquisitions, municipal privatizations and building capabilities to capture growth and diversion. We will continue to manage our cost structure by automating residential routes to reduce labor cost; improved driver productivity and create a safer work environment; lowering our cost of fuel and reducing emissions through conversion of CNG vehicles; standardizing maintenance practices and processes to reduce cost and leveraging SG&A expense. Collectively, we anticipate these cost initiatives will lower our cost structure by 75 to 100 basis points over the next three years. The long term business fundaments and strength of our assets has not changed. We still believe that pricing levels exceed cost inflation under normal business conditions. We gain operating leverage and increased density with broad-based volume growth. We can differentiate our service offerings through superior customer service, world-class safety and employee engagement. We can maintain our pace of tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. Margins can expand through cost efficiencies, productivity improvements and leveraging SG&A expenses. And finally, return on invested capital can steadily improve through earnings growth, capital spending controls and investing wisely in the business. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade rating and increasing cash returns to our stockholders. At this time operator, well open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Hamzah Mazari from Crdit Suisse your line is open.
Hamzah Mazari: Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just on the gross margin. Could you give us a sense, Don and Glenn what type of incremental margins you are seeing on the volume growth that you are getting? We had talked about sort of a 40% mid 40% incremental EBITDA margin a year ago maybe more. And then within that gross margin that you guys reported is that $0.06 favorable number that you quoted on insurance claims and $0.03 on environmental cost? Is that in the gross margin line as well?
Glenn A. Culpepper: I will take the second question first Hamzah. The $0.06 yes that is in the gross margin line. So our gross margin for the fourth quarter was 30.3%. If you take out those two items our gross margin would have been about 28.6%.
Donald W. Slager: Sure and I will take the first question. So first remember weve got some mix issues going on here Hamzah. So some of the growth, a lot of the growth is coming from national accounts, which as you know a lot of that revenue is tied to subcontractor work and some of these brokered recycling tons, so that comes at a lower margin but still a good return. And the other big part of growth is coming from our construction C&D type hauling. So I will tell you that we still use our ROI based pricing tools in all of the decisions that we make to grow the business so whether its a small commercial customer or municipal bid or large national account in all the prices we use for our C&D, hauling in our local markets is all based on improving ROI. So we know that as we build the density of the business and continue to make good ROI-based decisions were growing the business profitably.
Hamzah Mazari: Great, and just a follow up question, I will turn it over. You talked about open market pricing offsetting lower CPI. Any change you are seeing in terms of discipline or rationality amongst either the majors or private this quarter relative to the last quarter or previously? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, I don't think theres much of a change what we have seen previously. I think the larger companies tend to be from what we can still more ROI-focused and tend to be more rational. Smaller players do tend to fly underneath the price umbrella that's provided by larger companies and those trends will continue and are not very surprising.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Corey Greendale for First Analysis. Your line is open.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good afternoon.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Corey.
Corey Greendale: Hi. Don question on the guidance. With the EBITDA margin at the low end, you are suggesting could be flat to down slightly, you've been very clear about touch to get a lot of margin expansion in the low CPI environmental but you also pointed out the benefit eventually from growing volumes. So if the low ends are conservative or what could happen to the result of hitting the low end of EBITDA margin guidance?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Well. Our guidance is 28.5% to 29% EBITDA margin. And for both the fourth quarter and for the full year on kind of normalized basis I think we said that it was 28.6%. So in fact our guidance range is relatively even too up from 2013.
Corey Greendale: Okay. That sounds like the low end, just being conservative if I am hearing you right. So
Donald W. Slager: I'd say it's a fair bridge from where we were in Q4. Q4 had a lot of special waste as we said right. So that was one of the reasons Q4 performed as well as it did. So special waste is a little bit lumpy that's not going to carry right into the first part of the year and probably it will be more evenly spread out through 2014 that we anticipate.
Corey Greendale: And it sounded like the residential line of business is somewhat of an outlier in terms of the pricing discipline. Can you just talk about why you think that's different and volume trends overall and what you are seeing there?
Donald W. Slager: Well same conditions exist in residential that have existed through the last couple of years. You have got municipalities that are not in say a very healthy state of general finance and so they are really pressuring haulers. We've seen a little bit of more of challenging environmental at least in some markets from pricing activities for new bids and extensions on business. So that's been challenging. I just think we are at the bottom of that cycle and hopefully working our way out of it. We are going to work through the rest of this let's say re-pricing some of those residential contracts and we look to CPI to improve over the long run. I don't think anybody believes that CPI is going to stay as low as it is forever. So on the 0.5 year average CPI is three plus percent and I think as we go forward a year or two we should start to get some relief on and get back to some normalized CPI environment and that will help things out as well.
Glenn A. Culpepper: And I could say one more thing is -- I think occasionally you see spikes in parts of your business right now but certainly a little more competitive in some markets and as I said in my comments we just decided that we are just not going to price below a reasonable return on that business. And so at some point I think competitively think things will have to change. Because I don't think people can continue to do some of that business as cheaply as they are doing.
Corey Greendale: Okay. [inaudible]. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Good afternoon guys. Nice quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Adam R. Thalhimer: I wanted to ask first about the C&D business. Are you seeing any margin improvement in that business?
Edward A. Lang: Yeah. Absolutely. Our industrial line of business that we've seen, it's really a nice story. We've seen year-over-year growth in units, year-over-year growth in price per unit and as a result year-over-year improvement in margin. So just as it should occur. And we talked about this on our Q3 call as we that part of our business turn off and we expect that to continue through 2014.
Adam R. Thalhimer: And then I wanted to ask about the commercial business I think you said that it is a slight positive in 2014. I mean can you expand on that like in recent quarters you talked about some greenshoots in terms of commercial volumes. What are you seeing there?
Donald W. Slager: Well. Commercial volume is in absolute units it's up. The margins are pretty stable there. We continue to have pretty good pricing in the open market commercial. As I said that offsets some of the price headwinds in our CPI-based pricing book of business. What we havent seen is a dramatic increase in service levels but I would say that if you did an eight quarter chart and drew a straight line through service increases and services decreases you would say that its an improving environment across both of those metrics over an eight quarter period. So we would look for that to continue in 14. At what rate we cant necessarily forecast but we look for it to continuing to improve.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Okay, thanks guys. Congrats again.
Operator: Thank you. Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets your line is open.
Joe Box: Hey, good evening guys.
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Joe.
Joe Box: Can you just put a little bit of color around the $35 million reduction in net CapEx. Just kind of curious is that more asset disposal, maybe spending little bit less on recycling or just maybe an early benefit of one fleet?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yeah I would say its a couple of things. You know we pulled a little bit forward into 13, bought a few trucks early and we are spending a little less on recycling build out in 14 and in the last two years again. We are still reworking a number of facilities in 14 like some of those private [haulers] arent as capital intensive is the one we took on last year and a year before. So were still moving on recycling platform forward. It's really those two things.
Joe Box: Okay, thats helpful. And then its been about quarter since the Atlanta is closed. Can you maybe just give us an update on the fundamentals in that market?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah I would say that it really hasnt helped us much. We probably got a little bit of revenue out of it, nothing to make a headline out of. Were a best situated landfill in that market and so we tend to be the highest price because of convenience factor. Were not predisposed to lower our rates to track the volume and I would say that most of the volume has found its way to Orange County to the County site.
Joe Box: Understood. Thanks guys.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Michael Hoffman from Wunderlich, your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman: Thank you very much. Nice job on the year-end.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman: Can you talk about what is it you measure to manage when you are talking about your standardized maintenance program and the things you will be looking for that being a success and you have lapped yourself on some of this already so part of those metrics in fact proving to be valid and therefore it actually gives you confidence about ongoing success.
Donald W. Slager: Sure, well we measure a number of things both in maintenance and directly fleet metrics and non-fleet metrics. So we measure absolute cost per hour as a baseline. I will tell you that some of our divisions were spending money poorly and having high cost per maintenance that we can bring down some more spending money, not enough money and having more breakdowns and major component failure. And so their baseline cost per hour was maybe lower than is reasonable and those divisions are going to have a higher cost per hour to have a better end result. We look at total maintenance spend per route and those kind of things but we also look at driver down time. We look at how many hours per week trucks were sitting on the side of the road broke down because of component failure. We look in the pure metrics of routing mishap we look at what percentage of our repairs are schedule versus non schedule. A world class fleet would operate at about 80% of the work scheduled, so those repairs being not only preventive maintenance but things that you are supposed to catch during preventive maintenance during routine maintenance checks and during driver checks of their trucks. So were catching things before they break. Things are being scheduled appropriately. Our technician time we moved to a format of standard repair times across our fleet. So our technicians know exactly how much time we expect those repairs to take and we better manage our workforce on the floor shop. We measure inventory levels. So everyone of our maintenance our one-fleet rollout has resulted in a substantial drop in our parts inventory, that we use at every facility. Spare truck ratio, at some point were starting to see the earliest fleets that have gone through this lower their spare truck ratio. Once they have confidence that their uptime is getting improved, fleet availability improves, then we have sort of the ability to let go some of those spares and reduce cost that way. On the non-fleet side we've got driver productivity. We have better customer service metrics. We rolled out customer service metrics across the entire company last year in every division measuring their missed pick-ups and also their performance against the commitments they have made to customers. And those metrics improve when the fleet improves. So we think that at some point translates into better quality revenue and customers willing to pay a little bit more because our service levels increase. After all that said and done you're going to get an improvement in driving moral and employee turnover which we haven't really measured much as kind of the softer side. And then ultimately and we talked about this $200 million of CapEx reduction. So starting in 2015 we're going to age the fleet by one year over a four to five year period and that's going to save us $200 million. So we're going to get all that paid back by the investments we've made in just the CapEx change alone on top of that we're going to be higher performing company in every division with better employee engagement and better customer satisfaction scores across the board, how's that?
Michael E. Hoffman: That's great thanks. And then second one, Glenn or Ed cash flow from operations about 15, $1.58 billion to $1.55 billion this year it looks like that number was down if just do the simple capital spending plus the mid-point of free-cash flow. So what's -- is that you are having some negative working capital swing here or what's happening there and why would we see an incremental negative working capital spend particularly in light of everything Don just talked about, I was thinking about it the other way.
Glenn A. Culpepper: It's really just cash taxes Michael will be up significant next year through the expiration of bonus depreciation we -- that's a $60 million headwind.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then one housekeeping item what's the share count you are using when you gave your guidance?
Glenn A. Culpepper: That 366 million share [inaudible], Michael.
Glenn A. Culpepper: I am sorry you broke up Glenn.
Glenn A. Culpepper: It's about 360 shares was about our year-end share count.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Ovshey: How are you guys?
Donald W. Slager: Hi, Alex.
Alex Ovshey: Don I want to ask you about pricing, can you talk about how you see the pricing on the collection side average yield feel as you guys currently trend relative to the landfill side?
Donald W. Slager: To the landfill side?
Alex Ovshey: Yeah, can you just talk about how you see pricing on landfill relative to the collection side in 4Q?
Donald W. Slager: Yeah I would say landfill specifically MSW trends down, have been sort of flat for us. I've seen special ways to trend it up and C&D as the landfill has trended up MSW has been a little bit pressured. We've consistently been raising price to the landfills, watching them and doubling volume along the ways we talked about that trend continuing in Q4 but total landfill in Q4 yield was 2% down a little bit from Q3, I would think flattish throughout the rest of the year.
Alex Ovshey: Got it, thanks for that. And then on the industrial side can you talk about what is driving the improvement in the volume, do you have the sense of the new residential construction market repair model, the non-residential construction what that could be? Do you have a sense of sort of how the ends markets are performing and sort of given if you are seeing an industrial business?
Donald W. Slager: Well first I would tell you that both permanent, our permanent rollout and our temporary rollout were both up in Q4. We don't really make a distinction between residential construction and commercial construction because it really doesn't mean anything to us and how we run our business. So I really dont have metrics to share with you there. As I shared before I mean it was up pretty dramatically in Q3 and it performed well in Q4. We expect it to maintain that kind of trend through 2014. So it's a bright spot for us what we've all been waiting for. And we all said for many years the business sort of builds around household formation so as we see more new home construction and then we see more business development around the new home construction infrastructure business formation come in and that's going to fuel the commercial business as well. So it's happening the way we thought would happen, maybe it took a little longer to get started but were looking forward to a pretty good trend in 14.
Alex Ovshey: That's all, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Derek Sbrogna from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Derek Sbrogna: Hey, thanks for taking my question guys. Just wanted to dig in a little bit. Over the last couple of quarters you have seen volume growth of 2.5% to 2.7% and the overall guidance for 2014, 1.5% to 2% range is that really just a function of what we have seen over the last couple of quarters with the special waste in the C&D coming out?
Donald W. Slager: Thats the biggest factor there Derek. If you look at our 2.5% in the fourth quarter special waste landfill volumes drove about 90 basis points of that and our collection business which is 75% of our revenue was 1.1% growth in volume. So we would see ourselves as continuing to grow all of those things but the special waste had an easier comparison in the fourth quarter this year compared to the last year and thats what really drove the 2.5%.
Derek Sbrogna: Okay and just one more. Last quarter you guys bumped the repurchase authorization and then were pretty quiet in Q4. Was that really just a function of pulling forward the CapEx into Q4 and specifically if you could talk a little bit more about appetite for buybacks in 2014? Thanks.
Donald W. Slager: I will just tell you that were committed to the buybacks and that's been pretty consistent in our history and were committed to buyback in 2014. We think we've had probably the steadiest trend in the industry on cash yield. You are going to see us continue to spend on the buyback in 2014. It could be around $400 million or so.
Derek Sbrogna: Great, thanks very much.
Donald W. Slager: Great.
Operator: Thank you. Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Don, Glenn I just wanted to clarify, did you say total price in 14 was being guided 1% to 1.5% or is that core price?
Glenn A. Culpepper: That was our yield.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Yield, okay. So help me appreciate, I fully get the CPI mix headwinds. I heard your comments about competitive markets maybe easing and your churn being relatively consistent or flat. It still doesnt sound like you will get healthy or improving competitive markets because I would think that would lift that pricing guidance that you provided. So are you not able to get to the market with a better price, given defending volume or whats happening there, is it mix?
Donald W. Slager: Well lets start with you know the big headline in CPI is actually going, is going to happen us negatively in 14. So thats kind of about is a 60 basis points move in CPI so you know thats that tends to be you know a little bit of tail that wags the dog for us. We have talked about it so. We expect that we will be as active in the open market in 14 as we were in 13 and we think the open market will allow us to get little bit more price in 14 than 13 to offset the CPI headwinds and the resets that well face. So absolutely the nutshell. So we do have some dynamics improving. Again pricing in CNG roll-offs going up, price in special waste has held up and actually gone up nicely. We got to be consistent with our pricing cadence through 14 in the open market, we got to hold our line of landfill pricing like we have historically and hit our marks. So we believe that as I said CPI at some point will start to give us a positive bounce but we don't control that. So we just got to operate around it for now.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay so 60 basis headwind is what you calculated for.
Donald W. Slager: From CPI, right.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: All right, okay. And then just a second part and the margin story on the [XT] items are obviously up a little bit for 14 with the guide, but with that pricing backdrop and some of the net special waste and I guess the closure of one recycling facility I would think margins would have a little better room going directionally higher than say 28.5% and 29%. So first I guess the broader question would be are you planning, should we be on the lookout for further closures on recycling facilities due to economics? And then two generically I think you have always thought special waste has been a tougher margin business than the collection business?
Donald W. Slager: No, the last question first. Special waste has not necessarily been a -- it's been a great business for us and a good margin business for us. The larger the special waste job the tighter the margin becomes but special waste performed very nicely for us in not only in volume but in margin. So we hope to see that continue. The best you can do when you are building business plan is look at the current trends and look at the actions you are taking and build them together. So we think the 28.5% to 29% margin performance for '14 is a strong performance. We don't have a lot of business closures or work closures that we can be concern ourselves with. It really comes down to the headwind from the CPI environment and we don't start to see benefits from the one [inaudible] till the second half of the year and all the other cost initiatives that we talked about continue. So we think it's a pretty good story and if CPI starts to give some relief in the out years then we just grow from there. We still believe that in the long run we can see margins over 30% again but it's going to take some better CPI environment for us to experience that.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Just curious was the Murph closure in a top 25 market or outside of that?
Donald W. Slager: No, it was a smaller one.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Thanks, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Barbara Noverini from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Barbara Noverini: Hi, good afternoon everyone.
Donald W. Slager: Hello?
Barbara Noverini: Can you give us a little extra color on the recycling component of your municipal privatization. For example in your recent deals, do these cities already have a second program in place, have you found that these deals are predicated and adding to or upgrading, struggling with second programs as well?
Donald W. Slager: No, I don't think recycling is kind of a decision point for privatization of a municipal collection operation. Generally they are relatively small contracts and simply the city is looking at the capital spending requirement for fleets. So containers, and then we prefer to kind of step away from the business not wanting to make those type with long-term tactical commitments.
Barbara Noverini: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: I am showing no other questions at this time.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Angie. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services Conference Call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Glenn Culpepper, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Good afternoon, Lisa. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, Vice President of Investor Relations, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter 2013 performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 31, 2013. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. We recognize that many of you would like to be with your families this evening and we really appreciate you joining our call today. We will do our best to get you home on time, so let's begin. Our third quarter performance demonstrates our ability to execute our plans and profitably grow our business. Revenues increased approximately 6%, led by strong volume growth, including higher-margin special waste streams. Our EBITDA margin performance of 29.5% reflects a sequential improvement from the first half of the year, consistent with the expectations we communicated on our last earnings call. I will now discuss some financial and operational highlights. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.55. These results include $0.03 of favorable tax items and $0.02 of reduced environmental costs. Including these items, we expect to achieve the high end of our full year EPS guidance. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $469 million. We remain on track to achieve our full year guidance range of $675 million to $700 million. Core price in the third quarter was 3.4% and our average yield was 1.3%. Average yield was consistent with the second quarter, even with a sequential step down in CPI-based pricing. We experienced better price contributions from the open market to offset the CPI headwind. Q3 volumes increased 2.2%. If you include the extra workday, total volumes were up 2.7%. The key drivers of volume growth were C&D roll-off, national accounts and landfill special waste. Construction activity continues to improve. Temporary roll-off hauls increased 7.4% over the prior year, which reflects the sustained recovery in housing construction. The increase in activity was broad-based with virtually all of our areas reporting growth in temporary hauls per day. During the quarter, we introduced expanded service offerings to certain National Accounts customers to meet their waste stream needs. We often engage third-party providers to service this work, so it tends to be lower-margin business but has very limited capital requirements. Growth in National Accounts represented about 20% of our volume increase in the quarter. Landfill special waste volumes were up 5.4% over the prior year which help improved our margin performance. On prior calls, we discussed special waste volumes that were deferred. We are now seeing these event-driven jobs get funded and special waste volumes return to our original expectations. Landfill MSW is down less than 1%. It is important to note that landfill MSW volume tends to track closely with changes in collection volumes. Q3 recycling facility tons per day increased 7.4% over the prior year. Most of the increase is related to recycling facilities that we have been -- that we've added or upgraded over the last 3 quarters. The year-to-date investment in acquisitions was approximately $60 million. Annual revenue is approximately $45 million at a post-synergy EBITDA multiple of approximately 4.5x. These transactions consist of tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. We anticipate completing our goal of investing $100 million by the end of the year. Approximately 40% of our fleet has completed our One Fleet maintenance initiative and our maintenance cost headwind continues to abate. We expect to have 50% of the fleet completed by mid-2014, at which point we will start realizing benefits. During the third quarter, we completed our withdrawal from the Central States Pension Fund. This is a significant accomplishment that benefits our company and our employees. We are happy to report that these 850 employees now participate in financially sound retirement programs. Year-to-date, we returned $469 million to our stockholders. Dividend payments were $255 million and we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $214 million. Our board recently approved an additional $650 million to our share repurchase authorization. We now have approximately $760 million remaining, which extends through December 2015. In summary, we delivered results in line with our expectations. And I want to thank the entire Republic team for their hard work and execution. Glenn and Ed will now discuss our financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thanks, Don. Third quarter 2013 revenue was approximately $2.2 billion, an increase of $119 million from the prior year. This 5.8% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 60 basis points and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had an average yield growth of 1.3% with positive yield in all lines of business. Third quarter average yield was consistent sequentially and in line with our expectations. Core price was 3.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially. As a reminder, core price is defined as price increases to customers in changes and fees, excluding fuel recovery net of price decreases. We saw an increase in open market pricing in the third quarter, which was offset by CPI-based price resets. Beginning in July, price resets started using the lower CPI from 2012 of 2.1% compared to the first half of the year, which was based on the higher 2011 CPI pricing of 3.2%. Year-to-date, CPI is currently running at approximately 1.5%. Since our price reset tends to lag 12 to 18 months, we will see this lower CPI in our price performance in the second half of 2014. As a result, we expect less price contribution from these contracts next year. As a reminder, 50% of our revenue has a contractually based pricing restriction and approximately 60% of those contracts have index-based price resets. Fuel recovery fees increased 0.5%. Most of this change relates to an increase in the rate charge to recover fuel for us [ph] . Second, third quarter volumes increased 2.2% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1.6%, primarily due to an increase in industrial volume. Growth in the industrial line of business was driven by temporary hauls, which were up 7.4% over the prior year. Landfill volumes were positive 2.6%, which includes an increase in landfill special waste of 5.4%. Our landfill MSW volumes were down 70 basis points. Our defection rate, which reflects the annualized rate of customer turnover, remained stable at approximately 7%. In addition to the volume increase of 2.2%, there was one more workday in the quarter, which contributed an additional 50 basis points of revenue growth. Third, an increase in commodity sales resulted in a 0.7% increase in revenue. The increase in commodity sales reflects both higher prices for recycled commodities and an increase in the tons sold. Commodity prices increased approximately 8% to an average of $117 per ton in the third quarter from $108 per ton in the prior year. This represents the average price for all commodity types across all regions. Third quarter recycling facility commodity volume of 545,000 tons was up 7.4% from the prior year. Current average commodity prices are approximately $119 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impacts on our recycling facility and collection businesses. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. Third quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA margin was 29.5% compared to 29.8% in the prior year, a decrease of 30 basis points. I will now discuss some specific cost categories. Labor costs increased 30 basis points and maintenance expense increased 20 basis points. These cost increases as a percentage of revenue continue to be impacted by volume growth in the C&D collection business. Sequentially, the margin headwind on these 2 cost line items was cut in half. This was due in part to higher levels of special waste received in the quarter, which had very little incremental labor and maintenance expense. Additionally, we continue to anniversary the elevated levels of maintenance expense as we continue to implement our fleet initiative. Second, transportation and subcontract costs increased 40 basis points, which relates primarily to growth in our National Accounts business and incremental special waste volume. In the National Accounts business, we employ subcontractors to perform a portion of the work. The costs are a pass-through on these contracts. While incremental EBITDA margin on this work can be in the low- to middle-single digit range. This work generates additional free cash flow and has attractive returns since it has very limited capital requirements. For special waste, there is often additional third-party transportation to deliver the volumes to our landfills. Next, fuel. The 40 basis point improvement primarily relates to a higher percentage of natural gas trucks in our fleet. Currently, about 11% of our fleet runs on natural gas. We will continue to replace diesel trucks with natural gas vehicles where appropriate and as part of our normal truck replacement cycle. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.91 in the third quarter from $3.94 in the prior year, a decrease of approximately 1%. The current average diesel price is approximately $3.87 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.20 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees and fuel hedges. Landfill operating costs improved 60 basis points. Approximately 50 basis points of the change relates to successfully permitting a new solution for a remediation project in Illinois. As Don mentioned, this provided a $0.02 EPS benefit in the quarter. Finally SG&A expense was 9.7% of revenue, an increase of 20 basis points compared to the prior year. Both periods contained adjustments to incentive compensation accruals, which reduced SG&A below 10%. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.2% in the third quarter of 2013 versus 10.9% in the prior year. The prior year included a benefit related to landfill expansions. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Third quarter 2013 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of noncash amortization. Our third quarter 2013 effective tax rate of 35.2% was favorably impacted by realizing additional federal and state credits on our 2012 tax returns. As Don mentioned earlier, this provided a $0.03 EPS benefit in the third quarter versus our expectations. Looking forward to 2014, we expect to return to our normal statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. Our estimated full year 2013 effective tax rate is approximately 36.5%, which assumes a 39.5% rate in the fourth quarter. The increase in tax rate creates a $0.10 EPS headwind year-over-year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $469 million and in line with our expectations. Adjusted free cash flow included net capital expenditures of $689 million or 83% of our projected full year spend. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter, based on the timing of capital expenditures and working capital. With the expiration of bonus depreciation at the end of 2013, we expect an increase in cash taxes next year. We have not completed our annual planning process, but we anticipate free cash flow will be relatively flat in 2014. I will now discuss the balance sheet. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $907 million and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at September 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I'll now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we go to Q&A, I would like to address some topics discussed this afternoon in further detail. Glenn discussed that CPI-based pricing will be lower in 2014. We expect to offset this headwind with higher levels of price contribution from our open markets and improved price performance when renewing municipal contracts. We currently anticipate that yield in 2014 will be consistent with current levels. In order to drive better open market pricing, we are improving pricing decisions made by our sales team at the point-of-sale, enhancing controls for new business sales and service level transactions, better aligning sales incentive programs to drive improved quality of revenue, identifying customer segments and focusing on those willing to pay for our higher-quality service offering and increasing fee participation rates in our cost recovery programs. I would like to discuss current business conditions and market trends. Business conditions continue to improve. We will enter 2014 with positive yield and positive volume performance. This is the first time this will occur since 2007. Core price was 3.4% in the quarter, the highest level of performance in over 2 years. We consistently raised prices across each of our businesses. Over the last several years, our landfill MSW volumes have declined as a result of our pricing actions. We have consistently priced our landfill assets because they are capital intensive and expensive to operate. Our collection volume growth was concentrated in the industrial business, which includes temporary roll-off. Volumes in this business grew over 4% and yield was up over 2%. Margin in the industrial business improved 90 basis points in the quarter. This demonstrates our ability to achieve volume growth at higher prices. Generally speaking, there is a high correlation between collection and landfill volumes. In our business, commercial and residential volumes were up less than 1% combined and landfill MSW volumes were essentially flat. At the same time, C&D volumes in the collection and landfill businesses were both up high-single digits in the quarter. Recycling continues to grow and remains one of our core service offerings. Our recycling business has generally performed in line with our expectations. However, we have experienced higher costs and reduced volumes as a result of Operation Green Fence. Future investment in this line of business will be driven by customer demand, willingness to pay and return on invested capital. Our near-term plan is to focus on operating recent investments and leveraging our third-party network. We continue to manage the controllable aspects of our business to help mitigate cost increases, including automating residential routes to reduce labor costs and improve productivity; lowering our cost of fuel and reducing emission through conversion to CNG vehicles; and standardizing maintenance practices and processes to reduce costs. Collectively, we anticipate these initiatives will lower our cost structure by 75 to 100 basis points over the next 3 years. As a result of our maintenance initiative, we expect that we can effectively extend the useful life of our fleet by approximately 1 year once the majority of the vehicles have been certified. We estimate this will reduce future capital requirements by approximately $200 million spread over a 4- to 5-year period, beginning as early as 2015. Looking to 2014. We anticipate our normal mid- to high-single digit growth in earnings and free cash flow performance before taking into account to tax-related items that will partially offset this level of performance. First, an increasing effective tax rate which results in a $0.10 EPS headwind. And second, the exploration of bonus depreciation, which reduces free cash flow by approximately $50 million. Expected earnings growth in the business, together with tighter controls on capital spending, gives us confidence that we can offset the cash tax headwind from bonus depreciation in 2014. Our long-term view of the business and strength of our assets has not changed. We still believe that pricing levels exceed cost inflation under normal business conditions, that we gain operating leverage and increased density with broad-based volume growth. We can differentiate our service offerings through superior customer service, world-class safety and employee engagement. We can maintain our pace of tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. Margins can expand through cost efficiencies, productivity improvements and leveraging SG&A expenses. And finally, ROIC can steadily improve through earnings growth, capital spending controls and investing wisely in the business. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade rating and increasing cash returns to our stockholders. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just on volume. Has your strategy changed at all in terms of going after new business now that you're seeing volumes begin to get better? Or how should we think about volume strategy now versus last year when volumes were shrinking? Has there been any change?
Donald W. Slager: No, there really hasn't. Let me walk you through because when you think about volume, we've got to look at it through several different lenses, Hamzah. The first one is on the landfill side. As I said in my comments, we've consistently lost landfill MSW volume over the last 3 years. So we've consistently priced those assets because of the high cost nature of those landfills and we've consistently lost volume for the last several years and so -- by, frankly, a substantial amount. So we continue to price, even in light of that landfill volume loss and those volumes leaving our system and going to other landfills. On the collections side of the business, we made a point a couple of years ago with the fact that there wasn't a lot of organic growth and CPI was low and so on, that we weren't going to surrender our high-quality business during that time and we were going to really hold the line on our volume and we've done that. As volume has returned, again, we're really only seeing organic volume growth in a couple of places, and we mentioned National Accounts, C&D roll-off specifically and special waste has gotten better over the last quarter. So if special waste comes in a pretty good margin, as I mentioned in my comments, we've seen really nice growth in the roll-off system. And we've seen not only volume growth but we've seen pricing improvements and we've seen margin enhancement at the same time. So we're proving that we can improve both volume and price and margin in that system with that kind of growth. So we've been saying for a long time, we think when the economy returns, we're going to see it start with housing formation into construction. At some point, that's going to convert into business formation. And hopefully, we might see some change in service increases and so forth, business formation in the commercial lines and we'd like to see that same performance happen. But we consistently price our business across all lines of businesses, as I've said. Again, we're not walking away from good business, but I think we've demonstrated our willingness to hold the line at the landfill because of the nature of that asset. And also, we've walked away from some substantial municipal business this year and we just couldn't get down in the trenches and lower our prices as much as the competition could, so we're going to see some headwind from that in 2014.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you. Very helpful. And just a follow-up. You mentioned tax. When we think about next year's earnings, you talked about price on lower CPI when we think about next year. Anything on the cost side that we should keep in mind in terms of non-recurring or something that is different next year relative to this year?
Donald W. Slager: No, not really. We mentioned -- we're going to continue the major cost initiatives we talked about, the automation, the CNG conversion. The maintenance initiative, we've slowed that down here in the latter half of '14 -- or '13, I'm sorry. So we haven't rolled out any new divisions on One Fleet. We talked about that cost abating year-over-year. We're going to go back and shore up all those divisions that have already gone through the process and get those certified. Ultimately, then, we're going to see that benefit I talked about in the capital spend in our truck fleet out in '15. But nothing other than that. We're sticking to those projects and we think they've got good returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: In terms of the pricing data, could you talk about the benefit on the recovery, if you will, from open market business? I mean, how much that helped, maybe it was a swing of the volume because yield actually -- I mean, it came in line where we were looking for, but it seemed like maybe it benefited from special waste. I just wanted to hear your thoughts on the pricing environment.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Special waste was our -- probably our brightest spot in the quarter, the -- having seen that volume come back after kind of a slow Q2. But we did get a little more ground covered in the open market on pricing. Keep in mind, Al, we've got 7% defection in our permanent commercial and permanent roll-off business in an open market. And so as that business leaves the system, we have to replace it. And, again, we replaced that business to keep our volumes consistent. And that new business comes in at a lower-than-average price. The business that leaves the system leaves at a higher-than-average price and that's churn, all right? So that's consistent. It's not a new phenomenon. We've seen it for many years. It's good that it's held stable at 7%. So we're happy about that. Meanwhile, with the slow CPI environment, we've gone into that open market and we've tried to get just a little more pricing in that open market and we've been pretty successful with it. But it's really on the margin. So that's helped us offset this effect of low CPI and we've been in a low CPI environment now for 3 years. And it doesn't look like we're going to have any relief from that for at least 1 or 2 years.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: That's helpful. So if I think about the lag on CPI, I think about the benefit of volume. To me, the headwind here is how you're going to over -- how you're going to compensate for the price discrepancy between cost inflation and your ability to get price. And while you probably won't comment [ph] , is the headwind here several quarters in your mind? Or how would you maybe characterize that -- framing it in that light?
Donald W. Slager: Well, you got a couple of questions there, Al. The headwind from CPI is real. Our true inflation, net of all the productivity, is a little better than that, a little stronger than that. We've got to continue to hold the line on the quality volume we have. We've got to get a little more creative in other areas of pricing. And I mentioned in my comments, we're working on some initiatives within the sales organization to improve pricing at the point-of-sale to see if we can continue to improve fee participation. There's a number of those things we'll continue to do in '14 to try to tweak a little more price out of the system in the open market that -- where we're not restricted based on the CPI. So we've got our work cut out for us there. But we've got some new tools we're putting to work. We've made some investments in some software to expand the capability of our pricing tool. And we think we'll get some better control and a better outcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: Commercial sales, the revenue growth year-over-year seems very healthy. It's calculated at 4.3%. And I'm trying to read through some of your comments, Don, how much of that is where you're winning new business or incrementally, your defection rate or is it just price? I'm not hearing that there's much volume. You said that basically volume was, for all intent and purpose, was flat to 1%.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, the commercial volume, Michael, is only about 1%. We won some new contracts, some new franchise contracts, I guess, that have more commercial business than them. So that's outside of those wins, just normal commercial growth coming in at about that 1% range.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So -- but the 4.3%, then that's a pretty healthy underlying trend there, right? What I was trying to understand is, are we getting service interval upgrades yet? Is that's what working through?
Donald W. Slager: I'm not sure where your 4.3% is coming from because it's...
Michael E. Hoffman: Well, unless I did my math wrong, 659 divided by 632 is a 4.3% growth rate year-over-year.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So -- help me out, guys, 1% volume.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes. So, Michael, we've got -- the average yield in the commercial business is about 1.6%. You have the 1% volume and then we have increases FERF as we talked about. That makes [indiscernible] .
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay, okay. So you're getting some service upgrades. So that's a nice trend to be seeing is we're getting some service upgrades.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We're starting to see it. So again, we're -- for a couple of quarters now in a row, service increases are outweighing service decreases. So I think that's -- it's nice to say that for the first time that we've seen that for quarters 2 straight. So we're not declaring victory there yet because it's coming back pretty slowly. But all those trends are kind of pointing in the right direction. And again, just like I talked about in the roll-off business, and we have this trend of seeing volume come back and roll off, and seeing pricing take traction and roll off, as we see more organic volume in commercial and see some service increases coming back, that will help drive the margin in that business for us as well in upcoming years.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And if I can ask the last person's question a little bit differently. When do you think time-wise? Is it in years, in quarters, that you cover your inflation with price, the reported price that you show us. You call it yield. When do we cover inflation?
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, let's do a little history lesson here, right? If we go back 2006 and 2009, our yield exceeded our cost inflation because we had this sort of average 3.3% CPI environment, okay? The last 3 years, we've had an average 1.6% CPI environment, and we've had to struggle doing that. So we know that at least next year, our CPI is going to be 1.5%. So we don't see much relief coming in '14. And we know, it's this 18-month lag. So we've got that going for us, okay? So I think the strategy still works. The approach we've taken still works. We need to stay vigilant on these cost initiatives we've deployed so far. We need to execute those well. When you get anniversarying this One Fleet initiative into next year, that will start to help us and -- but then, it really all depends really, Michael, on some of the market from there, right? And so what's really going on in this open market? And can we got a little more advantage there? And then it's going to happen -- it's going to matter what happens with landfill pricing. Again, we've lost landfill volume consistently every year for years. And that landfill volume has found a cheaper home and it's going to matter to see what happens there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: I was hoping you might be able to frame how we should be thinking about volume and understanding that there's a lot of variables, but given that you're starting to see the service increase levels, should we be thinking that as that increases, you see accelerated volume growth in '13 -- in '14? Or is it more that you've got a strong special waste quarter this quarter? Last quarter, you had wet volume so that we should be thinking about tough comps and maybe a slower volume growth in '14?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We're really not giving '14 guidance, Corey. We're trying to help you guys understand the exit speed here. We've had some inflection with special waste, which is positive. Again, this inflection in industrial roll-off is a very positive sign. So that's something we can put a stake in the ground on and see continued benefit from. It's a little too early to talk about when commercial is really going to take off for us. This very slightly positive trend in service increases, again very slightly positive, and we'll see where it goes. We still have headwinds in residential. We've seen a lot of price pressure in residential. We've had to take some rollbacks. We're going to take a stronger position on those rollbacks in '14, we think, but we've got still a substantial book of business that's coming for renewal. And we've seen some real competitive behavior there. And we've had to walk away from some business. So that's going to cause a little drag on us. So we're still doing our business plan. And we're still working through all these things. And we'll bring you the full-blown guidance in February, like we always do.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And you mentioned some pricing initiatives, you were thinking about price in different ways. Your larger competitor talked about some stuff there, thinking of or doing differently in how they're structuring their recycling contracts and surcharging customers for contamination. Just what are your thoughts on structure of recycling contracts?
Donald W. Slager: Well, one, I'd point out our recycling business has actually performed pretty in line with our expectations. So we're not caught offguard there. We would like to see some more benefit accrued to the company with the way recycling contracts operate, better pass-throughs on some of these expenses around Green Fence and so forth could help us. But remember, if recycling volumes come back, we get a pretty big boost from our volumes -- I mean, pricing, we get pretty big boost from these facilities. So we're working with our customers to weave some of this kind of language into our contract. It gives us a little more protection. But this is going to take a long, long time to work through the system. These municipalities are used to buying products a certain way and it's going to take a while for any of those kind of changes to catch on.
Corey Greendale: So it sounds like you are theoretically looking at similar things?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I mean, we always are. We're always looking for ways to improve the balance and make sure that the fairness in that -- in those contracts work for both parties.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: I missed some of the call earlier, so I apologize if you went through this detail, but one thing I'm trying to understand is, obviously, the special waste component was a nice benefit in the quarter. Can you just help us understand the improvement that you've seen in the incremental EBITDA this quarter? Maybe how much of that came from the landfill business and specifically special waste?
Edward A. Lang: Joe, this is Ed. We don't really break out or give guidance to EBITDA margin by line of business. I think what we really saw the change in special waste in the quarter. As Don mentioned in his speaker notes, is that we had been awarded a number of projects actually last year. And what we had seen starting probably Q3 of '12 is some of these government-run projects being delayed for various reasons. We have now seen those projects now come back online. One of the larger projects we have right now is a port cleanup in San Diego. But really, what we're seeing now is these projects will occur because they're environmental cleanup. It's just that given some of the political noise we've had over the past year, they had been delayed. But we see those projects coming free and we're getting that revenue now, which you would view as special waste on a recurring basis like our E&P business. We did not really see any disruption in those volumes at all. It was really some of this event work, kind of environmental cleanup that had been delayed, but we definitely see these projects coming back into the pipeline.
Joe Box: And just one more quick one. Switching gears to the National Account component. I know that you guys kind of comped the large last customer that left last year. Can you just maybe talk to the strategy on the National Account side, maybe what's driving the success here? And do you think it continues to grow at a nice pace or is it going to continue to be lumpy?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think it's going to grow at a reasonably steady pace going forward. We're frankly less interested these days in those really super large accounts because they tend to be a little more volatile. Maybe we learned that lesson. So we're still focused a little bit more on -- with some of the regional customers, some of the accounts that we're closer to. We're also expanding our share of wallet with those same customers and doing more for them. And so we talked about the fact that we're doing more business that requires us to broker. We're handling their white goods or their recyclables. We're the contractor, then we hire a subcontractor to do some of that work. So we're -- again, we're working to add more value and improve the service offering with those customers to be their waste stream expert, so to speak. And so we're going to continue to focus on -- it's good business, it's got a good return and it is one of the areas that we think will grow for some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer: On the residential competition you talked about, is that surprising to you at all? I mean, with housing getting a little bit better, you might think that, that would actually benefit that market. But maybe...
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I think we got this state of municipal finance that's been weak and we've talked about a lot of that. You look at some of the data that's out there, about the condition of the general fund in these cities and the way their tax base has been affected over the years. It doesn't surprise me that cities are looking for discounts, it does surprise me that some of the pricing we've seen by some of the players out there and really more some of those smaller, regional and those kind of companies. But they're capitally-intensive deployments with all the CNG requirements now. They put contracts on automation, everything else they want. Cities are asking for a lot more services without wanting to pay a lot more price. And at some point, we just have to draw the line because we've got to get that ROI moving in the right direction for the organization. So we're going to take a few hits there and we're also using that tough environment to battle back and actually use some privatization work. So we've had a couple of nice privatization wins in the year, albeit smaller ones. I'm not sure they're going to be able to offset the revenue loss in total.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Okay. So I'm still a little bit iffy on the -- what the volume outlook is. It almost sounds like Q3 might be a near-term high for volume growth. Is that the right read?
Donald W. Slager: I think, I said, we're going to enter Q4 -- enter next year with positive volume, positive price for the first time since '07. So I think we've got good trend going. We're -- we found, I think, the basement in commercial, kind of bump it along even a little positive. We've got this boost in industrial, which has performed well not only the volume but the pricing and margin. Landfill is hard for us. As I said, we've lost virtually all of our third-party competitive MSW volume. So we don't get the benefit of that volume but we also don't get the benefit of those customers when they grow their volume. So that's going to work against us a little bit. But all in all, I mean, it's a pretty good story. We need to work through some of these costs where, as we talked about, controlling the capital. And in this tough CPI environment, it's kind of the tail that wags the dog for us, when half of our business is restricted. So we have to work through '14's CPI environment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey: Well, I wanted to go back to the pricing line of questioning for '14. I want to confirm something before I ask the question. You said a couple of times that 50% of your business is linked to CPI. But I also thought you said that 60% of that 50% would actually be directly impacted by the reset in CPI...
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's right. So 50% is indexed and 60% of that 50% -- you're right. Nevertheless, it's a pretty big chunk.
Alex Ovshey: It's a pretty big chunk. Okay, got you. And then what are you saying the headwind then would be from residential business that is up for a renewal and it's not just a CPI adjustment there, it might be something more than that? I mean, what will that be for 2014? Do you have a sense for that?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Again, we're not trying to dial too much into '14 on this call. We're trying to give you kind of where we are through the year and how we're going to end the year. We're still working through the business plan to getting through all that. We -- as I said, we're going to work harder on those renewals. And we're going to take a stronger position on the rollbacks. We're still going to protect volume that has a high return. And we're going to have the discipline to walk away from volume that doesn't have an appropriate return. We can't keep throwing capital and additional service into some of these contracts that don't have the return criteria that we need to move forward. So we think that's been spiraling down over the last several years. We're probably halfway through that book of business. And we would like to see it spiral back up. But we've got to get the work done and business plan to get a better handle on where we think it's going to come off in '14.
Edward A. Lang: Alex, in a typical year, as far as municipal contracts coming up for renewal, generally, is in a range of $300 million to $350 million. So essentially, we have to -- we'll be employing this discipline as we look at those renewals.
Alex Ovshey: Okay, that's helpful, guys. And just my last question on the pricing side. So what's the implied price that you need to get on the open market, not CPI business, to be able to keep average yield at around 1.5%? I mean, how does that compare to history? Is there potential upside to that if we are seeing volumes grow?
Donald W. Slager: Well, as far as our pricing actions go, we've been pretty consistent through this year compared to last year. We plan to be consistent with our pricing actions into '14, only that we're going to get a little smarter around some of the -- when you talk about some of the pricing tools that we're using and see if we can, at the point of quoting our customers, work a little harder on some of the fringe like the fees and some of the other things that push the open market pricing up and try to do a little better job on demonstrating the value to customers. So we're looking to slow the rollback. We're looking to impact some of the churn. But if you think about it, maybe it's a 50/50 split, right?
Edward A. Lang: And we accomplished that here in the third quarter, meaning we started to see the lower CPI roll into our numbers beginning July 1 and we were able to make up what we lost there with price increases in the open market. So we're getting the job done today.
Alex Ovshey: Okay, got it. And if I can just ask one more. It's interesting, it seems like as we move through the year, your temporary roll-off business seems to be very exposed to housing has strengthened even though looking at the macro housing data, it's actually softened. I'm curious if you have any thoughts on that disconnect and what that may be related to?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think that's just the lag, the natural lag. When you read about housing starts and then you see the production of waste from that construction, it just lags. So I think that's what we're experiencing today. I would tell you, we think we're getting our fair share of that business...
Edward A. Lang: At a higher price.
Donald W. Slager: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stewart Scharf with S&P Capital IQ.
Stewart Scharf: Can you talk a little about the natural gas trucks, fleet, how things are going, your rate of conversion and also, on your fueling stations? Are you looking to profit or could you quantify how much of the fueling stations will be -- what percentage will be used for outside fleets other than Republic Services? And how much could you -- you could earn on that?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Stewart, we're -- currently, 11% of our fleet is on natural gas vehicles. We have a fleet of 15,000 trucks. We buy about 1,000 trucks per year as our replacement program. And we've been buying about half CNG trucks and about half diesel. So we're kind of upping that percentage, if you like, 3% or 3.5% per year. And as far as the fueling stations, we use it only for our own trucks. We don't fuel anybody else's.
Stewart Scharf: So you have no plans to share that, share the fueling stations?
Donald W. Slager: No, no. Because if you think about it, we have to fuel our trucks every day. And we do that in the evening, when the trucks are idle and there's no -- we have no plans to be a retailer of fuels.
Edward A. Lang: We view our investment in the natural gas infrastructure as being a competitive advantage and we don't want to share that with other folks.
Stewart Scharf: How many fueling stations do you have right now?
Edward A. Lang: 25, plus or minus.
Stewart Scharf: 25. And they cost roughly $1 million per station?
Edward A. Lang: It depends on the size, $1.5 million to $2 million. You also have to realize you have a different maintenance environment. So there are some other changes which need to occur. And really, from a safety perspective, you don't really want folks that are not part of Republic coming on the property. We're not a fuel retailer. We're in the business of solid waste management.
Stewart Scharf: And what's the hurdle rate? What are you looking for ROI in that kind of investment, based on the...
Glenn A. Culpepper: It's in the mid-teens. We have the payback of 3 to 4 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Noverini with MorningStar.
Barbara Noverini: What are some of the factors that make Republic Services a more competitive vendor to a National Accounts worth? I know you haven't mentioned much about National Accounts in a couple quarters and we're seeing some nice improvement in the quarter. So I'm wondering if maybe your strategy has changed, maybe you're better equipped to satisfy demand for recycling from these customers now that you've added some capacity into your network.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think what matters to National Account customers is, as I used the term earlier, they're looking for somebody to be their waste expert, somebody who can understand all the aspects of the waste stream and help them manage them. So whether that is recycling, diversion of white goods, all those kinds of things, the things we do. Reporting is important to large customers, who have a distributed network. They want access to data that helps them understand what's going on at their locations. And so that's an important aspect. We've got customer service tools, our portal that they can access their information and manage their information online through our system. So those are the kind of things that we incorporate into our presentations to customers. They get really good service. And we've got a third-party hauler network in those markets that we don't serve to help us out, to give us that broad reach. So all in all, I think we do a good job for them. And we're finding other ways to meet their needs, albeit some of those new ways don't really require our capital, our brick-and-mortar, but we're finding with opportunities through other alliances and other third-party networks to meet their needs and just be their go-to company and sort of take the worries off of their plate. So that's what we do for our customers. And we'll continue to find those accounts that -- and customers that see the value in them.
Barbara Noverini: Got you. Would you be able to provide some sort of ballpark with the recycling business that does come from these customers? Are you able to handle most of it or do you need to rely on a third-party network to take the majority of it?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're not in the, for instance, the e-waste business. We haven't built any infrastructure around that. So when it comes to certain slices of the waste stream, we work through alliances. We don't have -- we're not in the medical waste business so -- even though we have alliances for that. So what we try to do is stick with the, what we call, traditional recycling, the fiber, which is the highest content of the waste stream. And that's where we play with our own people and our own trucks. And then we rely on these other partners to help us fill in the gaps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Osborne with Stifel.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: Most everything's been answered here. Just 2 quick ones for me. One is I wonder if you could just touch on what you're seeing in the M&A environment for 2014 as we exit the year? And then the special waste business, obviously, a bright spot here in the third quarter, a bit erratic to start the year. Just what's the trajectory here, as we head into the fourth quarter and early next year?
Donald W. Slager: Well, on the M&A side, as I said in my comments, we think that we've got a couple more years of spending, about $100 million in spend to buy good companies at that same multiple and in tuck-in environments, so in cities and markets we're already in. We're looking at collection companies and occasionally some infrastructure that helps fill out our network. So we've got a pretty good pipeline and we haven't seen multiples necessarily change. We're always looking for good companies and we think we've got the ability to continue to do that. On the special waste side, as Ed said, the business can be a little lumpy but more so on the event-driven business. So again, what we saw happen in Q3 was sort of picking up some of that pent-up demand that was deferred from Q2. So we think that will even out in Q4 and then settle down to be as good as average or better than average in '14.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Lisa. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a safe evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services Conference Call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Glenn Culpepper, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Holly. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our second quarter 2013 performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 25, 2013. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables, and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available at Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services' Second Quarter 2013 Results. I am pleased with our performance, which continues to reflect an improvement in business conditions. Revenues increased 2.5% compared to the prior year, which includes volume growth of 0.9%. Both average yield and volume improved sequentially, and we remain well positioned to take advantage of an improving economy. Second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.43, which includes $0.03 of legal charges for various matters. Excluding legal charges, adjusted EPS would have been $0.46, which was in line with our expectations. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $312 million. We remain on track to achieve our full year guidance. Q2 average yield was 1.3%. This represents the fourth straight quarter of improvement. Core price, defined as price increases less rollbacks, was 3.1% in the second quarter. Q2 volumes were positive 0.9%. This represents a sequential improvement of 140 basis points. We expect to continue to see positive volumes in the second half of 2013. Construction activity continues to improve. Temporary roll-off hauls were up 4.7% over the prior year and increased in most of our markets. As many of you know, the roll-off business tends to have a lower incremental margin. Operating density resides in the commercial and landfill lines of business due to the higher level of fixed costs, but volume in these lines of business tends to lag. We remain encouraged by recent activity in the roll-off business, since it has historically led to a broader volume growth. Q2 recycling facility tons increased approximately 4% over the prior year. We completed an upgrade to a single-stream recycling facility in Ohio and completed a new single-stream facility in the Dallas-Fort Worth market. Combined, these new facilities will add approximately 95,000 annual tons. The year-to-date investment in acquisitions was approximately $33 million. These transactions consist of tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. We anticipate completing our goal of investing $100 million by the end of the year. Year-to-date, we returned approximately $305 million to our stockholders through share repurchase and dividends. We repurchased 4.1 million shares for $135 million and have $189 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization, which we expect to complete in 2013. In summary, the base business performed well, and we have now turned the corner on volumes. Our second quarter results put us right where we thought we would be, and we remain on track to achieve our full year adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance. Glenn and Ed will now discuss our financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thanks, Don. Second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.43 excludes an $0.18 environmental charge for increased costs to remediate our closed Bridgeton Landfill in Missouri. The charge primarily relates to increased costs to pump and dispose of leachate, which will be spent over the next several years. We are on track to complete the remediation plan. Adjusted EPS also excludes a $0.10 charge for negotiation and withdrawal costs related to the Central States Pension Fund that were completed during the second quarter. Second quarter 2013 revenue was approximately $2.1 billion, an increase of $51 million from the prior year. This 2.5% increase in revenue includes acquisitions of 0.4% and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First, pricing. We had an average yield growth of 1.3% with positive yield in all lines of business. Average yield increased 10 basis points sequentially from 1.2% in the first quarter of 2013. This level of pricing was in line with our expectations for the second quarter, and we remain comfortable with our full year guidance of 1% to 1.5%. We conformed the terms used to describe pricing components to be consistent with other industry participants. What we previously called core price is now referred to as average yield. Average yield represents the year-over-year change in per unit prices, expressed as a percentage. Our calculation methodology has not changed. Additionally we changed the term net price-to-customer to core price. Core price represents price increases to customers and fees, excluding fuel recovery, net of price decreases to retain customers. Again, our calculation methodology has not changed. Core price in the second quarter was 3.1%. In addition, fuel recovery fees increased 0.2%. Most of the change relates to an increase in the rate charge to recover fuel costs, which went into effect in late Q4 2012. Second, Q2 volumes increased 0.9% year-over-year. The collection business was positive 1%, primarily due to increases in industrial volumes. Growth in the industrial line of business was driven by temporary hauls, which were up 4.7% over the prior year. Growth in collection volumes was partially offset by a decline in post collection volumes of 0.6%. The decline is mostly due to lower levels of special waste at our landfills. Post collection volume performance improved 420 basis points from Q1. Third, a decrease in commodity sales resulted in a 0.3% decrease in revenue. Commodity prices decreased approximately 11% to an average of $110 per ton in the second quarter from $123 per ton in the prior quarter. This represents the average price for all commodity types for all regions. Second quarter recycling facility commodity volume of 554,000 tons was up 4% from the prior year. Current average commodity prices are approximately $109 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impact on our recycling facility and collection businesses. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. Second quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.6% compared to 30.3% in the prior year, a decrease of 270 basis points. Most of the change relates to other SG&A expenses, which increased 140 basis points. We recorded $17 million of legal charges for various matters in the second quarter versus a $12 million reduction in expense in the prior year. The year-over-year variance in expense was approximately $29 million. The remaining change in margin relates to disposal, labor and maintenance expenses, which increased 130 basis points combined. As Don mentioned, volume growth was concentrated in the roll-off line of business, which has the highest level of variable costs. These costs are impacted by changes in volume, since they are direct expenses of providing service to the customer. Additionally, revenue mix impacted these costs as a percentage of revenue since collection volumes increased while post-collection volumes and commodity revenues both decreased. The year-over-year impact of all other cost line items, which are listed in our 8-K filing, net to 0. I will comment on some of the line items, which include, first, fuel. The 30-basis-point improvement primarily relates to a higher percentage of natural gas trucks in our fleet. Currently, about 10% of our fleet runs on natural gas. We will continue to replace diesel trucks with natural gas trucks where appropriate and as part of our normal truck replacement cycle. The average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $3.88 in the second quarter of 2013 from $3.95 in the prior year, a decrease of approximately 2%. Current average diesel price is approximately $3.90 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.20 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees and fuel hedges. Next, operating expenses. The 30-basis-point increase in expense primarily relates to favorable items in the prior year. Other operating expense as a percentage of revenue was 3.5% in the second quarter and was consistent with our expectations. Finally, SG&A expenses. SG&A was 10.8% of revenue, an increase of 120 basis points compared to the prior year. As I previously mentioned, this is due to a year-over-year change in the amount of legal expenses. Excluding incremental legal charges in the current quarter, SG&A expense was 10% of revenue, which was consistent with our expectations. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.2% in the second quarter of 2013 versus 11.4% in the prior year. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, free cash flow and selected balance sheet data.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Second quarter 2013 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of noncash amortization. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $312 million, in line with our expectations. Adjusted free cash flow included net capital expenditures of $469 million or 56% of our projected full year spend. Cash flow can vary quarter to quarter, based on the timing of capital expenditures and working capital. As Don mentioned, we remain comfortable with our original full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of $675 million to $700 million, even with higher-than-anticipated environmental expenditures. We now expect to receive cash tax refunds from prior years, which essentially offsets the higher spending for environmental remediation. We still expect to spend approximately $835 million for net capital expenditures in 2013. Now I will discuss the balance sheet. At June 30, our accounts receivable balance was $877 million, and our days outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at June 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. I'm proud of the Republic team and how we are executing our strategy. We are making smart investments in accretive acquisitions. We are appropriately developing our recycling infrastructure. We're systematically converting to automated and natural gas-fueled vehicles. We are maintaining our focus on multi-year initiatives designed to reduce costs and improve productivity. And we are growing units of service and reporting positive volume growth. Our base business performance, highlighted by improving yield and volume growth, gives us confidence in our ability to generate strong free cash flow. This enabled us to increase our dividend approximately 11% and continues our track record of efficiently and predictably returning cash to stockholders. We are focused on continually improving our business to generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth. And finally, we remain committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade rating and increasing cash returns to our stockholders. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just on guidance. Historically, you guys have raised guidance in July. It seems like the fundamentals are turning and getting better versus when you originally guided. Is it fair to say that you guys are keeping guidance the same because of the higher litigation costs in SG&A that you guys didn't flag as sort of non-recurring?
Donald W. Slager: Well, Hamzah, this is Don. I would say, historically, we've updated guidance at this point in the year. And we are seeing some good signs in the business. We talked about the positive trends in volume and the sequential improvement in pricing. We also have -- the parts of the business that we're seeing growth in are in areas of construction. We're not necessarily seeing the kind of growth yet in service increases or growth in our commercial lines of business that give us more margin expansion. So at this time, we think our guidance is right on. And we'll take you through the year and we'll talk more about what we see after Q3.
Hamzah Mazari: That's fair enough. And just a follow-up on volume. Could you maybe talk about seasonality and whether you saw above-normal seasonality? I realize there maybe some noise because of the weather. But maybe if you could address sort of underlying seasonality that you're seeing in your business.
Donald W. Slager: We saw what we would call normal seasonality this year. The only thing that we're -- we did see a little wet weather, which led to some disposal weights being a little bit higher. And, of course, we had a little bit of cleanup volume coming through from the tornado cleanup in Oklahoma City. But other than that, we would tell you that seasonality was normal for us this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Don, I still don't understand. Maybe you can walk us through it or parcel it out, how EBITDA margin can be down 270 basis points year-over-year? And I see some of the cost of operation items that look a little, and pardon the expression, a little inflated on a comp basis, when you look at it year-over-year, meaning percentage of revenue, specifically like maintenance and labor and related benefits, but can you just help us through that?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so let me give you my view of it. So you heard Glenn describe the legal charge, right? That was the biggest single piece of that change and that's -- let's call that a non-recurring item. We've had little more labor and maintenance than maybe we would have expected. And the big maintenance initiative is actually working very well. It's taken us a little bit longer to move through the system and get the traction we're hoping for, but we're still very positive on that. So it's something that we'll -- we think we'll overcome certainly in the next year. Part of the margin, frankly, still the fact that we're still not -- while price is sequentially improving, we're still not getting price in exceedance of normal inflation. So we like the fact that price is on the move upward, but we're going to have to do a little more pricing. We're going to have to get a little more help from the economy to get that going in the right direction. But we're on the right track and again, directionally, we're pretty pleased with it.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. So if I may try, the 270, I can probably attribute 140 of that to the legal charge. That's just $30 million for revenue.
Donald W. Slager: That's right. So what you have left, kind of split that between labor and maintenance, and then one other thing is disposal. So one of the things that's happening is that we're seeing an increase in our container weights and -- but we haven't seen that increase in container weights convert yet to service increases. So we probably described this to you before, but as in our commercial, small container business, as flat-rate customers begin to throw out more trash, they begin to fill the container up more and we end up hauling that extra trash for the same fixed revenue per month, and we don't get to charge for that until we get that extra service increase out of it. So our service increases right now are pretty flat. So one of the steps we would hope to see in this improving economy is just that, we'd like to see some service increases. The other thing is the growth that we're getting in the business is not coming in the parts of our business that has the benefit from density or the high-fixed cost, as I said in my comments. It's coming in the area of the roll-off business, which doesn't -- which has a high variable cost. And it's coming in some new contracts, new residential contracts but not contracts that lay over the top of our existing business. So as we see growth in our footprint, where we build more density, then we'll see that margin improve from that as well.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Just to follow up, and I appreciate that color. It was helpful, Don. On the pricing side, absent the index-based business, can you shed some insight on market intelligence on pricing within competitive markets?
Donald W. Slager: Well, let me just say this. We still think the market is a rational market. We're out there every month with our price initiative, in and around what we used to call RPM, that ratable process we use, the 12 equal buckets as we've described before. Our pricing efforts continue, as far as things like customer defection or churn rates, things that we measure, those are very consistent with past periods. So we're not seeing any negative change there, but we're not maybe seeing enough positive change to reflect in even higher prices. But as I would -- but as I told you all along, we -- our belief is that as the economy improves, as volumes improve, that pricing environment is going to improve right along with it.
Operator: Next is from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Can you expound a little bit on the trends you're seeing at the landfill?
Donald W. Slager: Trends with volume?
Adam R. Thalhimer: With regard to volumes, yes.
Donald W. Slager: Well, first, we've had the first quarter of positive MSW volume growth at our landfills since I think 2008. Okay? So that's a pretty big deal. It's the first quarter. It's been an improving trend over the last 3 quarters, so -- but the first quarter we've gone positive. So C&D was a good month for us. A portion of that C&D volume came from, as I said, the Oklahoma tornado cleanups, but even that, we've seen a sequential improvement every quarter for the past 3 quarters in our C&D volumes. And I guess we're seeing that in our roll-off business as well. Pricing is reasonable at the landfill. We have not seen any real movement in landfill prices yet. We're hopeful that as volumes continue to increase, there's a little more opportunity to drive price through the disposal assets. One of the things that I'm sure you know, over these last several years, we've been very diligent with pricing correctly for these landfills. We've, over that time frame, frankly, lost a lot of MSW volume, what we call open market volume, to competitive landfills. But our hope would be that -- so we have very little of that business left today in the open market side of MSW in the landfill business. But we would hope that as, again, volumes return, improve, that there could be some pricing upside there for us in the latter half of this year, maybe certainly by next year.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Okay, great. And then a bigger picture here, longer term, and where do you think that -- you've said that you now kind of turned the corner on volumes. Where do you think EBITDA margins can go as the volume cycle kind of plays out?
Donald W. Slager: All right. So it gets -- it's really kind of the same old story. Think about our business inflation, our cost inflation being somewhere, call it 2% to 2.5%. We may get 50 basis points a year out of productivity and initiatives around efficiency. And then we're left with 2% net inflation. We've got to get pricing exceeding inflation on a regular basis. We're going to need some help from CPI. We need to see CPI regulate in some sort of normal fashion and then that the open market pricing will follow. And in a normal environment when we see household formation occurring, business formation occurring on top of that, building more units into our density, we think we'll get back over 30%, but it's going to require that pricing exceeding inflation to do that and it's going to require an improving economy to help us give a push. So we're doing everything we can to appropriately price our business and grow the business intelligently, but we're going to need a little more help from the economy to get back there.
Operator: Joe Box with KeyBanc.
Joe Box: Don, I appreciate the comments earlier on price not outpacing inflation and some of the comments on fixed revenue customers. But it seems like things haven't really changed that much sequentially to where you'd actually see that much costs flow through operations. I'm just curious, can you give us a bit more color on some of the bigger cost of operations buckets, like labor and maintenance? Do you see them getting better leverage in the back half? Or is it possible that they continue to grow at a pace that exceeds sales growth?
Donald W. Slager: No, I don't think that. I mean again, as I said, also one of the comments I made is where we're getting some of the volume growth, it's not really happening -- again, when I talk about on top our density, we're not seeing the growth in our commercial, small container business within our route structure. We saw some of the growth come in through some large commercial contracts, basically franchise contracts that required new trucks and new routes, not new customers on top of our current route base. So that's going to come at a normal or -- at a normal margin not an expanded margin because of the density. Roll-off growth is really where we're seeing the bulk of our revenue, our volume growth, and again, that's a lower-margin business. So we've got to see that growth happen on a more broad-based way across all lines of business. And then we'll get that margin going back in the right direction. Maintenance has been a little bit of a headwind for us all year. Part of that is due to our One Fleet initiative. We'll anniversary that sometime next year and then it'll start to go positive for us. We've had a few little odds and ends kind of sneak up on us in costs, things like the cost related to the Green Fence initiative. So we're going to spend a couple million dollars a year more in cost -- or a couple of million dollars this quarter in cost to deal with that. So we're going to find a way to pass that back along in some kind of a price initiative with our customers, our recycling customers. So we're dealing with those things. I think, again, the base business is strong, evidenced by the fact that we're raising our dividend. We got a lot of confidence in the cash flow. And as we get the economy working back for us, even a little stronger than it has, we'll get the margin back to 30%. And if you net some of this stuff out, just kind of one-timer stuff, we're still 29% EBITDA margin, we think, by the end of the year.
Operator: The next comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: I think -- not to beat the dead horse, but I think it's still breathing a little bit. So I understand all the comments about the mix affecting the margin. EBITDA dollars, though, are down year-over-year after adjusting for the legal charge. So I'm trying to figure out, since it sounds like MSW is growing and C&D at the landfills is growing and you had up -- I'm trying to figure out what's actually down. Is it special waste? So it was -- was there some relatively high-margin special waste last year that isn't there this year, and that's what's driving EBITDA dollars down?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, yes. Special waste is still not really a bright spot for us. We're down year-over-year in special waste volume. While we're up in C&D and MSW, the landfill special waste is down. So yes, a lot of this, Corey, is just mix. And I know that's an easy word to use to describe it, but there's a lot -- been a lot of small moving pieces in a big business and a lot of it just is mix. And EBITDA dollars are only down only slightly. So it's, as I'm just telling you, we have confidence in the guidance, confidence in the 29% adjusted EBITDA margin that we talked about and getting some of these one-timers behind us.
Corey Greendale: And I generally don't like asking company about another but the since there's this sort of this pronounced difference, on one of your competitors' calls earlier this week, there was a lot of talk about strength at the landfill and about how there's a lag between strength at the landfill and when they start to see that at the collection side. It sounds like it's going kind of in reverse for you. Can you talk about, conceptually, just given past cycles, what you expect, which of those 2 lags the other?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I really can't comment on what's going on in the other company's business. I would tell you a couple of things. Their business mix, their geography is different than ours. Their percentage of third-party volume versus internal volume is going to be different than ours, so that's -- I really don't know enough about their business to comment. Our business doesn't move very quickly. It moves fairly slowly. So we wouldn't expect to see very large increases in volumes or prices over a one quarter or year-over-year basis. So for us, we still believe that, again, the business overall grows with household formation that turns into business formation. We think it starts in construction volumes coming back. We think it then becomes an issue with business formation and new units of service being added by new small businesses going, coming into our route base and adding that small container business. We think it's consumer spending increases and more trash is created in our small container business, we'll see service increases. And all that happening sort of within our dense footprint, which gives us some margin leverage. Again, we think as volume returns, pricing gets a little bit easier from there. So that's how we think the progression occurs. That's, frankly, how it's occurred for us historically. If their business model is that much different, then it may be different for them, but I really can't comment on that. And then, of course, as I've said in my earlier comments, we've been very persistent with landfill pricing in the open market over the last several years. We've, because of that, lost a fair amount of open market volume at our landfills, those are -- when I say open market, call it competitive volume from other waste haulers, who've chosen to take their waste to another landfill, that we have a very small portion of that now business made up of our landfill volume in total. And so we're not going to get the benefit of any volume growth that might come through competitive volume that way and maybe another competitor might. So somebody's got that volume, it's not -- it's no longer in our landfill. So all those mixes are different, Corey. So we don't spend a lot of time worrying about how they're going to grow the business as much as we worry about how we're going to grow ours.
Operator: Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: So just so -- I get it, all right. So I understand that the mix change and it's higher variable cost and that drives up labor disposal and your subcontractor. Help me understand what you're doing to get your hands around the 10% increase in maintenance, though. I'm still struggling with that a little. But I get the One Maintenance program, the One Fleet program, but 10% seems a lot.
Donald W. Slager: Well, there's a number of things there. One, the fleet is -- the fleet is changing. The fleet is changing through automation. The fleet is changing with CNG. Even clean diesel engines compared to the old trucks, before that, the clean diesel engines came on, all those trucks are really, frankly, a lot more costly to maintain. So we are seeing some maintenance increases, even where One Fleet initiative is not underway. The One Fleet initiative is driving up cost in the business, but we think it's going to anniversary and start to come down as we get through the second -- start to get into the second half of the fleet next year. So we are seeing benefits from One Fleet. The visions [ph] that've gone through One Fleet have experienced a 19% reduction in downtime, the ones that have gone through it at the beginning -- at the beginning waves. The fleet -- the local fleets that have gone through it recently haven't started to see any benefit yet. They're still spending money. The fleets that have gone through it sort of in the intermediate, the second or third wave, they're starting to see some benefit today. So this is just a matter of working through the fleet in its entirety, getting that culture built into our business, getting the durability in the fleet processes and then getting that benefit in reduction of downtime, reduction in unscheduled maintenance, better service standards, less -- fewer missed pickups, better driver morale, blah blah blah, and hopefully, even more opportunity to please the customer and have the customer even willing to pay us a little bit more for the service over time. So that's our hope and that's, frankly, our strong belief. And even though this thing has cost us a little bit more, we are more determined and more convinced it's the right thing to do than ever before. So we're going to see the benefits accrue in One Fleet and then maintenance, starting next year. And we're determined to make the fleet at Republic Services a world-class fleet in the process.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then you made a comment about container weights, which I think is important, that on the commercial business, you're clearly seeing an uptick. Can you characterize that and as well as that positive MSW? What was the nature of the percent change because -- and then -- and in light of that, what's your feeling about the service integral upgrades, either the extra day or the bigger container? Where -- how far out is that, quarter 2?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, well, maybe it's a quarter 2. 2% is the increase in container weights. So we are very watchful now for that increase in service frequency. And we're talking to our drivers and front-line people to be on the lookout for that. And we know which customers, at some point, in the recent history went from 4 days a week to 3 days a week. And we're hopeful that, at some point we'll get them back to 4 days a week. That's when we can charge for the additional service. In the meantime, we charge for garbage on the ground or garbage over the top and those kinds of things and -- so a 2% container weight increase is a good thing. It's the first time we've actually seen this kind of a move in a long time. Up until now and every quarter, we get a question of something like this and we keep saying, "Well, it's flat. It's bumping across the bottom. No change, no change." Well, we've got a change here that we're watching pretty closely now. We're excited about that turning into service increases and ultimately then again more revenue within our density. And that's where, again, we get the benefit. In the meantime, it costs you money. But you're not able to charge any more for those additional pounds in the container again until you have -- you get to add that service day. So it's something we'll talk with you more about next quarter as it develops. And hopefully, it's something that we see developing quarter-by-quarter after this, as this economy slowly crawls back.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: On the volume side, pretty good performance. It's almost up 1%. Even though I believe you had a couple of difficult comparisons with just some lost business that you still haven't lapped, have you...
Donald W. Slager: I think we've lagged it all -- or lapped it all, just about.
Edward A. Lang: Right. The large natural contract we lost anniversary-ed on May 1. And then the last of the disposal contracts anniversary-ed on June 30.
Donald W. Slager: All right, so I stand corrected.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: Okay. Yes, I was just wondering if you were to adjust for that, what sort of the true underlying run rate for volume because clearly it should be a little bit higher than 0.9%?
Edward A. Lang: Yes, Alex, it probably would've been 1% plus, as far as volumes. Maybe somewhere between 1% and 1.2%.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: Okay. And then the second question, are you guys seeing the weather impacted volumes for you? I mean, in certain parts of the country, we certainly had some wet/unseasonably colder weather for the spring. Do you think that had any impact on the business?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We haven't talked about weather, other than we obviously had some rain that led to some increased disposal cost, also some disposal revenue at the same time. But maybe a little bit, but probably not enough to talk about on the call.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: I got you. So it seems like a wash. And then just last question, any thoughts on how OCC prices trend through the balance of the year?
Edward A. Lang: Well, we if we look at OCC pricing right now, it's about -- well, our total commodities in all regions are $109 a ton. Seasonally, we probably just passed or we're in the process of passing kind of peak OCC pricing. This is when packaging or box manufacturers need to get product for the year-end holiday season. So it's -- what we do as, as far as planning for commodities, we assume it's going to be flat for the full year. When we gave our guidance back in February, we assumed commodities would be $112 a ton, all commodities, all regions. And we've kind of bumped around that number for most of the year. So I guess our expectation is built into the guidance or assuming flat commodities for the rest of the year.
Operator: Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: Just quickly on the environmental accruals you've had, I guess in the last 3 quarters on the landfill side. And I think you mentioned you're spending some this year on it. Is a lot of that spending this year or next year, or how would you kind of think about that?
Glenn A. Culpepper: A good piece of it, Bill, is this year and next year as we put in a water treatment plant on-site. But overall, these are costs that will be incurred over the next 35 years.
William H. Fisher: Okay. So a lot of it is spread out. And then, Don, you mentioned special waste has been soft. Do you see any better bidding activity in the second half? Or how would you characterize that?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're not -- we're only slightly into the second half so we're always hopeful, but it's been fairly competitive out there for special waste. So we'd like to think that as -- again, as economy improves, behavior improves with it, customer sentiment improves along with that and with people starting to get maybe a little more confidence in the economy and pricing power will persist. So we'll keep doing what we do and we'll watch closely to see what our competitors do in local markets and we'll see as the second half unfolds.
Operator: Next comes from Jeff Osborne with Stifel.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: I just wanted to understand in further detail the roll-off side and if you can kind of take a guesstimate on what the impact was to the EBITDA margins with the mix shift. I understand all the rationale but I think you've added correctly that that's kind of a low 20s EBITDA business and as that flow through, that was the impact there, relative to some of the other weaknesses on the higher profitability pieces?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, this is Don. You're probably right, it's sort of low 20 margin kind of a C&D business. Remember, again, this is sort of point-to-point service. We don't get that benefit of productivity gains and density gains in that business. And then looking -- and the rest of it is just a lot of mix. So again, we're very happy to have that volume. And we're hoping that volume turns into, again, a broader recovery in the other lines of business that will give us that margin expansion. As new business comes in on top of our normal business, call it, the small container part of our world, that's going to come in at a higher margin, and we start to see more landfill volume. We could see a blended sort of 40% margin on that blended business coming back.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: Understand. And just the last point on the roll-off side, any comments on geographically where you're seeing the strength or what the cadence was through the quarter, factoring out the Oklahoma City issue?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, we really saw it everywhere. We saw C&D temp [ph] calls pick up across all 3 of our regions pretty consistently. So again, that's -- we would view that as good news as being a broader-based recovery in the quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Barbara Noverini with Morningstar.
Barbara Noverini: So Q2 recycling volumes are up 4%. How much of this growth would you say is organic? So customers recycling more per stop than last year, that kind of thing, versus the product of capacity you might have added in the quarter and maybe even volumes you acquired in the quarter?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, most of that is driven from the new recycling facilities we brought online. So I would say it's -- and then we've seen this consistently, as we put in new facilities, we've driven more volume to recycling as a result of that.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Holly. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, everyone, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Glenn Culpepper, CFO; and Ed Lang, Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Bryan. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Republic Services First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our first quarter 2013 performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 25, 2013. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services first quarter 2013 performance. I am pleased with our first quarter performance, which reflects an overall improvement in business conditions. We saw sequential increases in core pricing, volume and margins, which drove our strong Q1 results. We continue to profitably grow our core business as evidenced by year-over-year increases in revenue, earnings and free cash flow. Some of the financial and operational highlights during the quarter include: adjusted earnings per share of $0.46, this represents an increase of $0.08 or approximately 21% versus the prior year; adjusted free cash flow of $213 million, which was in line with our expectations; adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 40 basis points, reflecting the benefit of our field and corporate office reorganization completed in the fourth quarter of 2012; Q1 core price was 1.2%, this represents the third straight quarter of core price improvement; net price-to-customer, defined as price increases less rollbacks, was 3.2% in the first quarter. Based on Q1 industry results reported to date, our net price-to-customer performance is the highest in the industry. Q1 volumes declined 50 basis points. This represents a sequential improvement of 60 basis points after adjusting for the change in workdays. Consistent with our guidance, we expect to see positive volume performance in the second half 2013. We continue to see growth in construction and demolition volumes with temporary roll-off hauls up 2.4% over the prior year. And if you remember, 2012 had a very mild winter, which creates a tough comp for this portion of our business. We continue to see growth in our recycling business. Q1 recycling facility tons increased approximately 8% over the prior year. Additionally, we completed an upgrade to a single-stream recycling facility in St. Louis, which will add about 70,000 annual recycling tons into our system. We completed 7 acquisitions for approximately $12 million. These transactions were consistent with our strategy of purchasing tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. This level of investment was expected in the first quarter, and we anticipate completing our goal of spending $100 million by the end of the year. We returned approximately $161 million to stockholders through share repurchase and dividends. We repurchased 2.4 million shares for $76 million, which was consistent with our plan. We have $248 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization, which we expect to complete in 2013. In summary, our strong performance in the first quarter was in line with our expectations and keeps us on track to achieve the full year guidance we provided in February. Consistent with prior practice, we will update our full year guidance on our Q2 earnings call in July. Glenn and Ed will now discuss our financial performance. Glenn?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thanks, Don. First quarter 2013 revenue was approximately $2 billion and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First on pricing. We had core price growth of 1.2% with positive price in all lines of business. Core price increased 10 basis points sequentially from 1.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012. This level of pricing was in line with our expectations for the first quarter and we remain comfortable with our full year guidance of 1% to 1.5%. In addition, fuel recovery fees increased 0.3%. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $4.03 in the quarter from $3.97 in the prior year, an increase of 2%. Second, first quarter volumes decreased 5 -- 0.5% year-over-year, excluding a 50-basis-point decline due to 1 less work day. The collection business was positive, 0.4%, including growth in commercial and industrial volumes. Growth in the industrial line of business was driven by temporary hauls, which as Don indicated earlier, were up 2.4% over the prior year. The growth in collection was offset by a decline in municipal solid waste landfill volumes of approximately 4%. Most of the decline in MSW relates to volumes lost in 2012 that have not yet anniversary-ed and the impact of weather. Third, a decrease in commodity sales resulted in a 0.2% decrease in revenue. Commodity prices decreased approximately 9% to an average price of $112 per ton in the first quarter from $123 per ton in the prior year. This represents the average price for all commodity types for all regions. Q1 recycling facility commodity volume of 539,000 tons was up 8% from the prior year. Our 2013 guidance was based on an average commodity price of $112 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impact on our recycling facility and collection businesses. Now I will discuss year-over-year margin. First quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.5% compared to 28.1% in the prior year, an improvement of 40 basis points. Some of the more significant items that comprise the margin change include: first, labor. The 40 basis point increase in expense primarily relates to revenue mix. There was a decline in landfill and commodity revenues, which have little to no associated labor costs. Within the collection lines of business, direct labor costs as a percentage of revenue remained relatively flat. Second, maintenance. The 30-basis-point increase in expense primarily relates to the change in revenue mix that I just discussed. Sequentially, margin performance improved 20 basis points as we continued to anniversary the implementation costs associated with our maintenance initiative. Third, fuel. The 20-basis-point improvement primarily relates to a higher percentage of natural gas trucks in our fleet. Currently, about 9% of our fleet runs on natural gas. This represents an increase in our natural gas fleet of approximately 50% when compared to the prior year. We will continue to replace diesel trucks with the natural gas trucks where appropriate and as part of our normal truck replacement cycle. As I mentioned earlier, the average price per gallon of diesel increased to $4.03 in the first quarter of 2013 from $3.97 in the prior year, an increase of approximately 2%. The current price for diesel fuel is $3.89 per gallon. Our 2013 guidance is based on an average diesel price of $4.02 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.20 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees and fuel hedges. Fourth, landfill operating costs, the 80-basis-point increase in expense relates primarily to a favorable adjustment recorded in 2012. Additionally, there was an increase in leachate expense in the current year in certain landfills. Fifth, risk management. The 20-basis-point improvement relates to reductions in premiums charged by third-party carriers, as well as an improvement in our claims experience. Next, cost of goods sold. The 10-basis-point improvement relates to a reduction in rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold decreased to an average of $32 per ton from $38 in the prior year. Finally, SG&A. SG&A was 10.3% of revenue, which is an improvement of 90 basis points compared to the prior year. This improvement primarily relates to cost savings from the reorganization of our field operations and corporate office in the fourth quarter of 2012 and lower levels of bad debt expense. On an annual run rate, SG&A is approximately 10% of revenue. DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, was 11.4% in the first quarter versus 11.8% in the prior year. This improvement relates to an unfavorable landfill liability adjustment that was recorded in the prior year. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, taxes and free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. First quarter 2013 interest expense was $89 million, which included $12 million of noncash amortization. First quarter adjusted EPS had an effective tax rate of 33.4%, which included a benefit from favorably settling open tax years with the IRS. This benefit was included in our guidance, which we provided in February. We still expect a full year effective tax rate of approximately 38%. And therefore, our effective tax rate will be approximately 39.5% for the remainder of the year. I will now discuss free cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow was $213 million and in line with our expectations. Adjusted free cash flow included capital expenditures of $214 million or approximately 1/4 of our projected full year spend. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of working capital. Now I'll discuss the balance sheet. At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $822 million and our days sales outstanding was 37 days, or 23 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at March 31. And excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. I'll now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. To conclude, our first quarter results put us right where we thought we would be. I'm proud that the Republic team continued to execute our strategy, and our strong performance reflects our hard work. We built a strong vertically integrated national platform and remained well positioned to take advantage of improving business conditions. We will continue to focus on generating consistent earnings and cash flow growth and remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy that increases returns to our stockholders. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Hamzah Mazari, Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just on pricing. Don, maybe you could talk about any change to how you're approaching pricing this year? One of your competitors is obviously out with a more aggressive pricing strategy. And your pricing strategy, maybe you could talk about how you're approaching pricing this year relative to last year and the year before, given that volumes appear to be more stable.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I mean, we're going to adjust or approach pricing the same way we always have, Hamzah, and we've got a good system in place, a good central control over our pricing structure. We talk a lot about our ratable pricing method and how we oversee pricing with our post-collection side of the business. I've said very consistently that I think as the economy returns, as some organic growth comes back into the business that pricing dynamics will improve, I think consumer sentiment improves and sensitivity gets better. I think all of that paves the way for stronger pricing.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. And then just on salaries and allowances for doubtful accounts, that went down, and you mentioned the restructuring. Maybe you could talk about how sustainable that is going forward, and what you have baked into your current guidance?
Donald W. Slager: Well, okay. Well, we've said very clearly, we think our SG&A is going to be right at around 10% and that's been a pretty consistent number for us. Obviously, the more growth we get over time, we can maybe get a little bit of leverage there. But 10% is our number for the year and we -- as far as sustainability goes, the actions we took in the restructuring are very, very sustainable and the organization is functioning very well as a result of restructuring.
Operator: Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Don, this is sort of a broader question, and I'll let you decide how to explain it or answer it. But if I look just at the top line and I look at cost of goods sold, growth rate in sales is below the cost, the full cost of doing business. And you're not alone in that and that several other companies have done that. But specifically, are there things that you're seeing that we should start to expect that sort of relationship to flip around going forward?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I think, first of all, when we talk about the negative growth or the negative volume in the first half. Remember, we've got some anniversary-ing of some key contracts that were lost or large contracts that were lost last year. So we still believe that we're going to be positive growth in the second half, which sort of nets us to sort of flat, flattish, by the end of the year, but we think the business is growing. We talked about sequential improvement in pricing now for several quarters. We got a pretty positive story on the collection side of the business and we've got -- our landfill business is negative. But again, that's coming from a couple of large contracts and maybe a little bit of weather that we're facing. Overall, we think the trends are positive. So sequential pricing improvement is a good thing. As I just answered Hamzah's question, as some organic growth comes back into the business, we think those dynamics around pricing and our ability to improve or recover, if you will, the inflationary cost get better as we go through time.
Edward A. Lang: And Al, this is Ed. Also keep in mind that as you start to see positive volume growth that does lead to better density, better asset utilization, which means you're just simply getting better return on the existing asset base so -- and as Don mentioned, that's something we've been talking about quite a while, due to the late cycle nature of the business, that as we start to see the volume improvement, we get the better asset utilization, which will lead to expanding margins and a less competitive pricing environment as the industry continues to grow.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: And then my follow-up would be -- we've talked a little bit about this previously, but just to be clear, the number of strikes or labor issues that have been popping up in the press, I think you called out in the reconciliation some of that. Maybe it would be good idea to just to clarify for folks sort of where you're at in terms of the frequency of these that are showing up in the press. I'd like to refer to it as sort of drive-by strikes because they're not very long duration, but they're certainly a headwind.
Donald W. Slager: Right, sure. Well, the issue we're facing right now is primarily related to the Central States Pension issue. And so we've got a portion of our business, a number of our drivers that are covered by the Central States Pension, which is headed for insolvency. There's no way mathematically for that fund to save itself. And so we are in the process of negotiating our way out of the Central States Pension. We have every intention of getting out of the pension. We have a very strong feeling that we want all of our employees to be covered by a high quality retirement vehicle. And being part of a pension plan that's going to be insolvent in the future is not that. So we're working hard for our employees to get them into something that makes sense for them. We're about halfway through the number of CBAs that are affected by Central States, and we're working through the second half. So we hope to be through that by the end of the year. Having said all that, we historically have had a very good relationship, a very constructive relationship, with the local unions and their leadership. We intend to continue to have that and we continue to bargain in good faith to get through this.
Operator: Corey Greendale, First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: A question on -- I think Don, you gave a statistic net price, net of rollbacks, where you said you're leading the industry. And I'm not sure I exactly know how you're calculating that. But if you are leading the industry, I think it was about a year ago, you were talking about fiercely defending your business. So it seems like kind of things have shifted from then. To what do you attribute that kind of industry-leading metric?
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, price-to-customer, if you will, really measures the pricing activity of your business. So what do you think price elasticity is in the market and how much price increase do you think you can capture in the marketplace. So that metric of price-to-customer, less rollbacks kind of measures that activity. There's a lot of noise in the market about yield versus -- so I think all of the companies sort of measure price differently. And so we just tried to bring a clearer view to that so that you can compare pricing effectiveness of the different organizations. So we've introduced this price-to-customer metric to help me [ph] clear that up. So again, we think -- again, our pricing activity is pretty consistent. We cannot completely make up for inflationary increases just through cost controls and productivity gains. So we have to have price increasing to offset that. We've never gone price negative even through the darkest times of recent economic downturn. And we've said that as the economy gets better, as organic growth improves, as other competitors have an opportunity to grow their business organically, we think competition regulates or moderates a little bit. It's always been a competitive business, it always will be a competitive business. We think it just softens a little bit and customer sentiment, as I said before, just improves. So we think a lot of that is happening and we're going to continue doing what we have to do because we cannot simply, again, offset our cost inflation through our productivity gains. So pricing has to happen in our company and I think in the industry to continue to hold up margins and grow the business profitably.
Corey Greendale: And on the productivity gains side, Don, you -- at one time you talked about kind of a parking lot of opportunities to improve efficiencies after some of the big ticket items after the Republic-Allied merger. Could you just give us visibility on kind of where you're at -- how big is that parking lot now? And is there anything kind of meaningfully you're working on that we could be seeing in the near-term?
Donald W. Slager: That's a good question. Corey, we're working on the same things we were working last year. Again, we've got 30,000 employees, 15,000 trucks, 800 dots on the map, right? So when we take on some kind of a change initiative across the enterprise, it's a pretty big deal. And a change in management is a pretty tough thing for people. So things like the One Fleet initiative, we'll be halfway through that by the end of this year. We'll have affected half of our fleet, so we've got another couple years ago. Again, when we get into next year, we'll start seeing more benefits accrue from the One Fleet initiative. We'll start to offset some of the costs of implementing One Fleet. One Fleet is going to drive better productivity, better employee engagement, ultimately, I think better customer experience. So we'll start to see the benefits from that in -- the benefits from that in '14. And then we'll build as we complete the initiative. We've talked about CNG. We're continuing to spend, I think, this year 40-plus percent of our fleet spend is on CNG trucks. We're -- we've talked about building our fleet up to, maybe, 25% or 30% CNG over the future years. That's going to be, again, a multiyear initiative. So we've got a number of those things that were in the parking lot at the time of the merger that we've undertaken that are multiyear initiatives. So none of these things happen fast. When we get through these couple of big items, then we'll be talking about what we conquer next. But we're going to do these things really well, we're do them across the enterprise and we're going to do them with results that we can count.
Operator: Next question, Adam Thalhimer, BB&T.
Adam R. Thalhimer: In terms of the C&D volumes, you said they were up a little over 2% year-over-year in the quarter and that maybe weather held that growth back a little bit. I mean as this housing recovery matures, what kind of growth rates do you think you might see in that line of business?
Edward A. Lang: Well, you kind of look at what we saw starting the third quarter of last year. In Q3 of last year we saw the temporary roll-off business grow by 3.8% and it was 5.7% in Q4, 2.4% in Q1. And as we mentioned in the comments, 2 things, one, we had some real winter weather this year and I think, when you look at our business regionally, we did see a strong performance in that temporary roll-off business on the Western states, Texas, in the southeastern U.S., which obviously are the geographic locations that were less impacted by the severe winter weather that we saw in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast. So we don't really provide detailed guidance as to percentage quarterly gain, but we believe it is tracking in the right direction. And then the other thing is just as a comparison issue, if you look at Q1 of '12, it was an exceptionally warm winter. And I think if you go back and you look at the industry's performance in Q1 of '12, you saw a fairly, let's call it, elevated levels of C&D activity, which actually turned out to be just a pull forward of the normal Q2 activity in 2012. And so the fact that we did have that 2.4%, given the weather conditions in the Midwest and the Eastern states, plus the tough comp, we think the 2.4% is good-to-strong performance. And we expect the C&D business to continue to grow with the relative economies where we do business. And obviously, you look at all the housing stats and the architects index, all those type of leading indicators are pointing in the right direction.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, 3 quarters in a row, I think that's a real trend and we'll build on that from here.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Yes, I mean, what does that feel like on the ground? I mean, is there less capacity in that business? Are you -- are people -- are you getting more calls for containers? I mean, does it feel more active to you?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, it's more active. I mean, these -- the 2.4%, those are measured in hauls, right? So those are actual hauls being serviced by our fleets in the various markets that I talked about. A little more active the west, southeast, Florida specifically. A little less active in some of the markets where we have winter. And as we get into May and June, that's where we start to see seasonality in the business and that's going to be the telltale sign for us, to see how the year comes in.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Okay. And then just as a follow-up here, I mean, the expectation that volumes turn positive in the back half of the year, is that all easier comps or are there some leading indicators in the business that would support that?
Donald W. Slager: That's mostly easier comps. We anniversary a couple of big contracts that we lost that we had to talk about a year ago. And we haven't had any continued contract loss of that size. So we're going to anniversary those biggies and then we're going to get into a better comp in the last half of the year. But then as Ed said, these other trends are improving. So we're pretty confident in the guidance we've given you.
Operator: Next question, Michael Hoffman, Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: Can we talk a little bit about sort of maybe putting a little sort of direction around the productivity? And I get the One Fleet, the CNG conversion, probably could be added to that is automation. If you thought about natural inflation in the business is sort of 1.5% to 2%, and we're living in this economy, whatever this is, this is the economy for a while. What do you think you can do in productivity to help offset that natural inflation, plus sort of that continual turning the screw on cost? What's the basis point kind of range to think about, so that when we think about your pricing at 1.5%, how that sort of plays out?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I think historically, we've said it's kind of 20 to 30 basis points, right, a year. So less than 1%, certainly, right? So we've been at this a long time, Michael, we're pretty productive and so we're working at the harder things now. Again, CNG makes sense to us because we're replacing trucks that are going to be otherwise disposed of. So we're pacing ourselves there. The One Fleet, we're in the process now wherein where that's still costing us a little bit of money and we start to come over the top of that hill on that next year. Things like single operator vehicles, the automation, we continue to reduce our workforce in that residential system, become more efficient with fewer accidents, so all of that stuff helps productivity so -- but we're pretty good at what we do and it's not like there's a lot of low-hanging fruit out there. So if we get back to, again, 1.5% or 2% pricing, and we have 1.5% inflation less, call it 20 or 30 basis points of productivity, we can start to see a little bit of margin expansion again as it relates to that pricing environment.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then on the household formation sort of the construction, I mean, we all love the C&D, but the real play is, not only do they build it, but they sell it and you get a residential contract. And if they build enough of them and sell enough of them, maybe somebody builds a restaurant or a strip mall. So can you frame 2 things here, one, what are you seeing as far as that starting -- is there a light at the end of that tunnel? What's the sort of thoughts about that? And if it got to 1.2 million starts a year and lapped ourselves at 1.2 million, what's that mean in volume in your mind?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're talking about 2013. So I think we'd rather kind of stick with the guidance that we're talking about for this year. Again, as you know, Michael, we're late cycle in this. So it's too early, I think, to tell or talk about business formation. We're not really seeing a lot there yet. So we're in the front end of this thing, starting to see more temporary roll-off hauls. We'll see more construction. You hear the homebuilders talking about what they're going to do. So we'll make those hauls, to your point, then we'll haul that house every month for the recurring revenue and we'll take our part of the -- our share of new organic growth in business formation. That's our bread and butter. So I think after a very sort of long dark period in the industry, where we've seen a pretty tough volume situation and a pretty low pricing environment, I think the trends are that we're coming out of this thing and we've got some real trends sequentially to be happy with and celebrate. And we've got to pace ourselves because I don't things are going to come back quickly, we just want it to come back steadily. And I think that's what's going to happen.
Operator: Next question, Alex Ovshey, Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: A couple of questions. First, can you talk about how the business is trending so far in April and any notable tidbits to highlight for us thus far in April?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, Alex, we're kind of trying to stick to Q1. And talk about what we've done in the quarter and again, be consistent with our practice of reiterating our guidance for the full year. We think, as I just got done saying with -- to Michael, the trends are good. We think they're sustainable and we're on track to meet our guidance and have a good year. So I think you can read between all that and kind of come to your own conclusion.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: All right, that's all right. And then on the commodity side, do you have any incremental insight on OCC pricing, recycled paper pricing and thoughts on the Green Fence initiative and the implications from that on the commodity price environment?
Edward A. Lang: Well, as far as operation Green Fence, I think what we've tried to do there is work with our various buyers so that they can conduct inspections in the U.S. so -- that doesn't get held up at port. But there is a bit of a bottleneck. It's hard to forecast as to exactly how that will impact OCC pricing during the course of the full year. But I would tell you, we're doing whatever we can to, let's call it, expedite the shipment of the materials which we're sending to the export markets. If you just look at the blended OCC price during the first quarter, it was trending up slightly month-to-month, averaged about $122 for the full quarter. So I think it's a good pricing environment for OCC. But, yes, we're not really at the type of levels we saw in 2010 or for the first few quarters of 2011. But it's an improving market, but we'll just continue to work with our buyers to minimize some of the delays with operation Green Fence.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: And just one more quick question, did you guys tell us what your C&D volume to landfill was in the quarter? What that change was?
Edward A. Lang: It was down slightly in the year-over-year kind of mid-single digits. Right, and the reason for the variance was, we had 2 significant C&D landfill jobs in the first quarter of 2012 that obviously didn't occur. So really most of the negative variance was the comp related to those 2 jobs.
Operator: Next question, Stewart Scharf, S&P Capital.
Stewart Scharf: Can you talk a little bit about where you are with shale waste?
Donald W. Slager: Well, sure. We're in the solid waste landfill business and so we do accept material E&P, drilling mud, et cetera, as part of our special waste stream in the landfills that are situated in and around where that drilling activity is occurring. And our E&P business, if you will, is really related just to that activity alone. We don't have other site services along that business like other companies in our space have. So on a year-over-year comp basis, that business, relatively flat for us, consistent but flat.
Stewart Scharf: Okay. And now regarding your guidance, you kept it the same. First quarter was strong, you're looking for well-controlled costs and sequential growth and pick-up in volume, are you being just a little conservative at this point or do you think that you might be closer to the high-end?
Donald W. Slager: No, just as I said, we're reiterating our guidance and it's 1 quarter in. Our Q2s and Q3 are the strongest quarters of the year. So as I said previously, as we start to see what seasonality does for us in the months of May and June, we'll be able to tell a little bit more in July. But we feel good about the trends, we feel really good about the conditions we're seeing in the markets. We feel good about what our people are doing to move the business forward and we'll talk more about where we think we're going to be at the end of June when we talk to you in July.
Operator: Barbara Noverini, Morningstar.
Barbara Noverini: I just wanted to ask about the recycling rebate COGS coming down. Is this mainly a function of the commodity values themselves being lower recently? Or have you also been able to negotiate more favorable terms with your customers as contracts come up for renewal? I'd assume that as you've grown recycling capability over time, you've also learned about the most optimal way to structure these arrangements?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. It's mostly just what you said, it's the rates adjusting. We -- as we get size, as we get scale, we get a little better at running the business, but we already have some pretty good contractual arrangements with selling the material to the right end markets. We've got a pretty good core competency here and in doing that. So it's just really mostly related to the rates going up and down.
Operator: Jeff Osborne, Stifel.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: A couple of questions from my end. I was just wondering, in the past call or 2, you've talked about the potential privatization of municipal landfills and taking those over. Just given the challenging municipal backdrop, was that a part of any of the M&A you did this quarter or something that's still on the potential radar for you folks?
Donald W. Slager: It's on our radar. We are focusing on it. We recently announced the Flint, Michigan, contract that we privatized -- or that the city chose to outsource. So we announced that earlier in the year, I think February. So we're going to continue to look at that. We do believe that again the general fund in many cities is under duress and the same situation there that's creating pricing pressure for us is also creating some opportunity for us to talk to cities about the possibility and the opportunity, frankly, to outsource that service to us. So we're going to continue to focus on it. As I've said in the past, we've got a pipeline of opportunity there, but these are very long sales cycles and they're very complex sales and they're very sort of political in nature. So it takes a while to get that done.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: Understand. And then 2 other quick ones here. Is there kind of a magic price of natural gas in your mind where you would slow down or stop altogether your CNG conversion? Or are you just committed to it despite some of the higher prices that we've seen in recent months?
Donald W. Slager: Well, yes, I'll let Ed talk a little bit more about the specifics but we would -- we believe that right now, it's a very economical alternative for us, as well being good for the environment. But to stop altogether, that would be a pretty dramatic change in, I think, the pricing situation there. So Ed, why don't you give us some color on that?
Edward A. Lang: Sure. If you kind of look at what we're paying for natural gas versus diesel today, and looking at our actual performance in the first quarter, what we're benefiting today on the CNG conversion is a gallon cost differential of $2.13. And that benefit of $2.13 cost savings does not include the $0.50 per gallon tax credit, which we'll receive in 2013. Now that was a one-time item as far as the tax credit. So obviously we look at that separately and don't include it in the net cost differential between diesel and CNG.
Jeffrey D. Osborne: Got you, Ed. And then the last question just bigger picture with the discipline that the industry has had over the past 2 to 3 quarters on the pricing front, and with volumes starting to improve, is churn getting better, worse, how do we think about that for maybe either yourselves or your perception of the industry would be helpful?
Donald W. Slager: Well, a couple of things, just definition, all right? When we talk about churn, we're talking about the difference between what we sell a new unit of service at versus what we lose when we lose a customer, what is that price per unit of service? So that churn, that difference in price is pretty consistent, pretty flat, okay? We talk about defection, that's a separate matter. That's how much business we lose and that's pretty flat and that's about 7%. So it's about 7% of our business, we lose on an annual basis. A little more than half of that is competitive and some of that is structural, call it, bankruptcies. It's been a pretty consistent number for us for several years. We think, overall, the business is stable. But as I said before, it's always been a competitive business, it always will be, it's a very local business in that way. But as organic growth improves, we think all competitors just feel better about their business and become sort of less or more rational, if you will, in their practices. And we think customers, frankly, just are less sensitive to an extra percent of price. So we think just the overall improving economy is going to drive that for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question, Joe Box, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Just a question on the CapEx front. I know you said earlier that it came in line with expectations. But with it being down year-over-year, can you maybe give us a flavor of where you cut back and how we should think about it trending over the next couple of quarters?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We really haven't cut back. I mean, it's -- the only thing that I think is different this year over last year is we've reduced our overall spending in a recycling development, and that is because it's a little bit lumpy. We did some bigger projects last year in total than we did this year. So we're doing the same sort of number of projects, last year's were bigger. And we said we're going to spend -- or we're going to do 3 to 5 markets per year as far as our infrastructure build-out or enhancements in recycling. We've stayed true to that, we're going to continue to do it. Again as you can see -- or as you can understand, it's a little bit lumpy. As far as truck spending, it's very consistent. We've got a very young fleet. We replace a very consistent number of trucks every year. About 30% of our total CapEx goes to sell [ph] development. We've got to dig those landfills to fill them up, and so that's pretty consistent. We manage our CapEx generally in line with about 10% of our revenues and we've historically done that as I -- consistently as far back as I can remember. So I don't see that really changing much.
Edward A. Lang: And Joe, just to reiterate the guidance, the net CapEx, which is gross CapEx of $860 million, less $25 million of proceeds from asset sales, that number is $835 million. The guidance for net CapEx for the full year is $835 million and we did spend $214 million in Q1. So I would say, we're just simply tracking right on our plan with almost exactly 25% of the spend occurring in Q1.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, and Joe, sometimes there are timing differences with when we get the trucks in or when -- depending on when contracts start. So that ebbs and flows a little bit. But we're really right where we thought we'd be.
Joe Box: Perfect. That's helpful. And then, Don, you mentioned earlier that you guys are out doing all you can to basically drive pricing. One of your peers is out basically looking to introduce a regulation fee and some other fees out there to maintain the price cost breakdown. Can you just give us some historical context. When a waste player comes out and introduces a one-time true-up fee, is that something that typically other peers come out and follow suit with or is it more of a one-off thing?
Donald W. Slager: Okay, here's what I would say, Joe, we are constantly reviewing our costs, constantly reviewing the market and looking to recover cost increases through pricing. So we've recently reviewed our fee recovery fee and made sure that, that made sense for the company and was fair to our customers. We think it's the right amount for us today. We, from time to time, look at our environmental fees and look at what it takes to run these landfills. A number of years ago, the EPA passed some legislation that drove our air quality testing cost of about $3 million, and we chose to pass it along to our customers through an environmental fee. So that's how we look at our business. This is a very capital-intensive business. These landfills are very, very expensive to own and to operate and they're long-life assets with lots of liability. And we've always got to make sure that we're getting the right price for those assets and we look at that on an ongoing basis, really, year in and year out.
Joe Box: Understood. Just a housekeeping item for you then. If you look at the repurchase versus the option issuance this quarter, it looks like it was about a push. Should we think about the buyback having more of an effect in the share count in the coming quarters? How should we think about that?
Edward A. Lang: Well, obviously, Joe, we have a plan for share repurchase this year. Coming into the year, we had about $325 million. Obviously, we used probably about 1/4 of that in Q1. So again, we're tracking right on plan with the use of cash for repurchase. When you talk about option dilution, that's a little bit hard to forecast, and so we really don't have that in the number. There was some option exercise in Q1 that did impact the share count, which we did offset with share repurchase. But I don't think you can really forecast option exercise during the course of the year.
Joe Box: I mean, no commentary on how that could trend directionally?
Edward A. Lang: No. Because, again, we don't really forecast the -- that's an individual decision as to when to do that.
Operator: That's all the time we do have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, operator. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a good evening.
Operator: Okay, thank you. That concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Glenn Culpepper, CFO; Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Good afternoon, Holly. Welcome, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Republic Services Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss fourth quarter 2012 performance and 2013 guidance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 7, 2013. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services 2012 results and 2013 guidance. As I look back over 2012 performance, I'm proud of the Republic team and how in spite of a less than favorable economy, we executed on our long-term strategy and maintained our track record of generating strong cash flows from the business. Consistent with our balanced approach to cash utilization, we reinvested in the business and returned a significant portion of free cash flow to our owners, which included dividends of $329 million. We raised the dividend approximately 7%, demonstrating our practice of steadily increasing dividends. Our dividend payout, as a percentage of free cash flow, was approximately 43%. We repurchased 11.8 million shares for $325 million in 2012, which was consistent with our plan. We have $324 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization, which we expect to complete in 2013. Over the past 9 quarters, we have repurchased approximately 8% of the company's outstanding shares. In 2012, we returned approximately $655 million to our stockholders. This translates to a cash yield of approximately 6.3%, which is the highest in the industry. Additionally, we completed approximately $100 million of acquisitions, our highest level of investment in 4 years. These acquisitions have run rate revenue of $65 million and EBITDA of $23 million. We continue to work on additional transactions and expect to maintain this pace of acquisitions in 2013. Our financial flexibility enables us to complete these accretive transactions and gives us the capacity we need to pursue future deals. I will now discuss some of the other financial and operational highlights from 2012. We recorded revenue of approximately $2 billion in Q4 2012. Core price growth in the quarter was 1.1%, which was in line with our expectations. Net price increase to customer, defined as price increases less rollbacks, was 3.2% in the fourth quarter. Volumes decreased by 0.8%, which is made up of growth in collection business, offset by a decline in the post collection business. Our collection business grew 0.9% versus the prior year, which includes 5.8% increase in temporary roll off hauls. Within the post collection business, the majority of the volume decline can be attributed to contract losses that we have previously discussed and lower special waste streams. Our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.37, this includes a remediation charge for a closed landfill of $37 million, or $0.06 in EPS. Excluding this charge, our EPS would have been $0.43. Full year 2012 adjusted free cash flow was $768 million, which was in line with our expectations. Full year 2012 adjusted free cash flow per share was $2.09 or approximately 16% higher than our adjusted full year EPS of $1.80. This demonstrates the strong cash flow characteristics of our business. We saw continued growth in our recycling business. Q4 recycling facility tons increased approximately 3.5% over the prior year. Our safety performance continues to improve with a 3% favorable reduction in our frequency rate. I will now discuss our 2013 financial guidance. Consistent with prior practice, our guidance is based on a current economic condition and assumes fuel and recycled commodity prices remain at current levels for the full year. We expect 2013 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.86 to $1.91. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of approximately 38%. We anticipate 2013 adjusted free cash flow in a range of $675 million to $700 million. We expect annual revenue growth of 2% to 2.5%, with core price improving 1% to 1.5%, acquisition growth of approximately 1% and relatively flat volumes. We expect volumes to remain slightly negative in the first half of the year until we anniversary the contracts lost in 2012 and expect to achieve positive volume growth in the second half of the year. Our EBITDA margin guidance is approximately 29%. 2013 capital expenditures are expected to be $860 million and $835 million net of expected proceeds from sales of property and equipment. Our guidance for EPS and free cash flow represents high-single-digit growth after excluding the impact of a higher effective tax rate and higher cash taxes. This level of growth demonstrates the strength of our business, which is well-positioned to take advantage of an improving economy. Before I turn the call over to Glenn to discuss our 2012 financial performance, I would like to take a moment to thank Tod Holmes for his steady leadership, his financial stewardship and guidance. As you know, Tod retired last month after serving as our CFO for 15 years. We honored him and his wife, Anne, earlier this week at a retirement dinner with our Board of Directors. We'll certainly miss Tod, but we are thrilled for him and Anne, and we wish them the best in their retirement. With that, I'm pleased to introduce Glenn Culpepper, our Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer. Glenn has a deep financial background and experience at large decentralized growth-oriented industrial companies. Glenn has more than 30 years of broad-based financial experience, including 17 years in the CFO role. Glenn joins us from Summit Materials, a leading business in the aggregates and building materials sector. Before that, he spent 20 years -- 21 years at CRH plc, a large publicly traded multinational construction materials company based in Dublin, Ireland. Glenn and Ed will now discuss our 2012 financial performance and provide more details on the 2013 guidance.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thank you, Don. I'm pleased to be part of Republic Services. We have an outstanding business with great assets. Our management is focused on building on its core strengths, and is committed to delivering returns to our customers. I look forward to working with the team to continue to execute on these principles in the future. Now I will discuss financial results for the quarter. Fourth quarter 2012 revenue was approximately $2 billion and reflects the following 3 components of internal growth: pricing, volume and recycled commodities. First on pricing. We had core price growth of 1.1%, with positive price in all lines of business. Core price increased 10 basis points sequentially from 1% in Q3 to 1.1% in Q4. Consistent with our expectations, pricing was higher in the second half of the year, which reflects the higher level of price resets to our index-based customers. In addition, fuel recovery fees increased 0.2%. The average price per gallon of diesel fuel increased to $4.02 in Q4 from $3.87 in the prior year, an increase of 4%. Second, on volumes. They decreased 0.8% year-over-year. As Don indicated, collection volumes were positive, 0.9%. This level of collection volume represented a 60 basis point sequential increase from our Q3 performance. Most of the improvement is coming from the commercial and industrial lines of business. The growth in collection is offset by a decline in landfill and transfer station volumes. Within the landfill business, special waste decreased approximately 9% listed from prior year and landfill MSW volumes were down approximately 5%. The decline in landfill MSW volumes relates primarily to the previously discussed loss municipal disposal contracts and competitive pressures in our Los Angeles market. Our Q4 2012 volume performance also reflects a 30 basis point increase in revenue from an additional work day. Third, a decrease in commodity sales resulted in a 0.8% decrease in revenue. Commodity prices decreased approximately 13% to an average of $109 per ton in Q4 from $125 per ton in the prior year. Q4 recycling facility commodity volume of 527,000 tons was up 3.5% from the prior year. Our 2013 guidance is based on current commodity prices of approximately $112 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impact on our recycling facility in collection businesses. Turning to fourth quarter year-over-year margin. Q4 2012 adjusted EBITDA margin was 26.4% compared to 29.8% in the prior year, a 340 basis point decrease. Of this  change, 180 basis points relates to the remediation charge Don discussed, 40 basis points relates to net fuel and commodity and about 30 basis points relates to the work day increase. Excluding these items, adjusted EBITDA margin was approximately 29%. The more significant items that comprise the margin change are, first, labor. The 90 basis point increase in expense relates to the revenue mix between the collection and post-collection businesses and an increase in the number of workdays. Collection volumes, which have increased have associated labor costs while post-collection volumes, commodity revenues and subcontract revenues are all down and these all have little or no variable labor cost. Within those collection lines of business, direct labor costs as a percentage of revenue remained relatively flat. Second, maintenance. The 50 basis point increase in maintenance expense also primarily relates to the changes in revenue mix and workdays that I just discussed. As a percentage of revenue, maintenance declined to 8.4% from 8.5% in the third quarter. We are beginning to anniversary the implementation costs of our maintenance initiative, as well as the broad-based tire cost increases in 2012. Third, fuel. The 30 basis point increase in expense is due to a 4% increase in the cost of diesel. After considering the impact of related fuel recovery fees, there was a net margin decline of 20 basis points. Our 2013 guidance is based on the current cost of diesel of approximately $4.02 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.20 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees and our fuel hedges. Fourth, landfill operating costs. The 180 basis point increase in expense relates to a $37 million remediation charge for environmental conditions at a closed landfill in Missouri. As Don mentioned earlier, this charge resulted in a $0.06 reduction in EPS in the fourth quarter. Excluding this charge, landfill operating costs as a percentage of revenue were essentially flat with the prior year. Last on cost of goods sold. The 40 basis point improvement relates to a reduction in rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold decreased to an average of $28 per ton from $41 per ton in the prior year. While the change in cost was favorable, when you consider the more significant decrease in related commodity revenues, there was a 20 basis point decline in EBITDA margin. With respect to SG&A, our fourth quarter 2012 SG&A was 10.2% of revenue. This improvement of 40 basis points primarily relates to cost savings from the reorganization of our field operations and corporate office in the fourth quarter of 2012, and a reduction in incentive compensation expense. Our annual run rate SG&A is approximately 10% of revenue. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.6% in Q4 2012, versus 11.5% in the prior year. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, taxes and free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Q4 2012 interest expense was $92 million, which included $12 million of noncash amortization. Our 2013 EPS guidance includes total interest expense of approximately $365 million. This includes noncash interest of approximately $45 million. The full year 2012 effective tax rate included in our adjusted EPS was 32.2%. This rate reflects the benefit from favorably settling open tax years. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 38% in 2013, which can vary from quarter-to-quarter. There is a $0.17 EPS headwind as a result of a higher tax rate in 2013 when compared to 2012. I will now discuss free cash flow. Full year 2012 adjusted free cash flow was $768 million, in line with our expectations. As Don mentioned, our guidance for 2013 adjusted free cash flow is in the range of $675 million to $700 million. This guidance includes the impact from the recent extension of bonus depreciation for tax purposes. As a result of the changes in the net impact of bonus depreciation and favorable settlements in 2012 that are not expected to repeat, there is a year-over-year increase in cash taxes of approximately $150 million. In 2013, there is a negative impact of bonus depreciation of approximately $50 million when you consider the favorable impact of the end year bonus depreciation being more than offset by the cumulative impact from prior years. Bonus depreciation is a timing issue and once a deduction has been taken for tax purposes, it is no longer available. Since bonus depreciation has been in effect since 2008, there is very little tax shield available from prior years. Bonus depreciation will impact our free cash flow performance for the next 4 to 5 years. Now I'll discuss the balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $837 million and our days outstanding was 38 days, or 23 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at December 31. And excess credit available under our bank facility was approximately $1.4 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to address the recent discussion about the solid waste industry moving to a REIT type structure. Now, I want to be very clear about this. We have reviewed the matter internally and with outside tax advisors. We have concluded that under current IRS guidelines, these types of structures do not work for Republic on a technical tax basis, as well as for strategic business reasons. As a matter of policy, we do not publicly discuss tax planning strategies that we considered to be proprietary. In 2013 we're going to focus on what -- our attention on what we do best and that's executing our long-term strategy of profitably growing and operating our North American solid waste and recycling businesses. We will accomplish this by continuing our pricing programs and utilizing our ROI-based tools; growing the business through sales, acquisitions and investments in recycling and processing capability; enhancing the customer experience by continuously improving our service delivery and differentiating our service offering; managing our cost structure through programs designed to gain operational efficiencies, including food automation, CNG conversion and standardized maintenance practices; investing in our people, building our talent and improving team engagement; being responsible stewards of the planet and its resources and maintaining our Investment Grade rating. In summary, our strategy has not changed. It is designed to generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our stockholders through share repurchase and dividends. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Corey Greendale, with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: First, wanted to ask about the guidance. And last quarter you provided some kind of initial thoughts on the year and it sounds like the EPS range you're giving here is a little lower than that and the free cash flow it would bring is a little higher and I just wondered if you can bridge what the reasons are for the differential?
Donald W. Slager: Well, our preliminary outlook that we provided last quarter is sort of encased in this -- I think we gave you $1.90 to $1.92 as preliminary outlook, and we're now saying $1.86 to $1.91. So we're still in that range. We had a little softness in special wastes that we built into our plan and for 2013 I would tell you that, that makes up the bulk of it.
Edward A. Lang: And on the cash flow story, we originally talked about $650 million and was bringing that number up to the $675 million to $700 million is the in-year benefit from the extension of bonus depreciation for calendar '13. And also keep in mind when we talked on the November 1 call, that was more of a preliminary outlook not detailed guidance because we had not completed our full year budget planning process. So it was just kind of a preliminary outlook, not the financial guidance, which we're providing today.
Donald W. Slager: That's right.
Corey Greendale: Understand. And then a question on the pricing front, I was just wondering if you can just speak to kind of sequential trends in competitive markets. And then how should we be thinking about the quarterly trend in 2013 in CPI increases, it's more of a issue where it gets better as the year goes on, or does it flatline or go the opposite direction?
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're talking about sequential first, right? So we've had now 2 quarters sequentially of 1% plus core price. So that's a good thing coming off where we were and sort of 50 basis points for a few quarters prior. So trending up, again we're giving you guidance from 1% to 1.5% for the full year. We're going to have a little bit of a headwind in CPI later in the year and the second half will start to kind of show up in the following year. Overall, I think the trends are pretty consistent with what we've seen. We don't see the market deteriorating maybe getting a little better, but we're going to continue doing what we do best and that is, again, as I said in my comments, using ROI tools and pricing consistently in the business.
Edward A. Lang: And then on the restricted price, or the index based markets, we still see the calendar 2011 CPI influencing our restricted market pricing in the first half of this year and then the calendar '12 CPI number will come in, in the second half of the year.
Donald W. Slager: Remember, we continue to remind you guys, it takes 12 or 18 months for that CPI to run through our business the way our contracts are structured.
Edward A. Lang: Correct. And the CPI for calendar '12 was just a little bit above 2%. So with the combination of the open market pricing and then the restricted market pricing, we're giving guidance to 1% to 1.5%.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Just a follow on. I was hoping maybe you could comment a little more granularity about the competitive market, because if you have 40% and about 2% price, it seems very challenged to get price in the other components of your business if you're guiding 1% to 1.5% I realize it's up. But it still seems like we're having some choppiness in the markets, is that fair?
Edward A. Lang: Well, I think what you have to also factor in to the restricted marking -- market pricing, is the pressure we've talked about through last year on the renewals of the municipal contracts. Although, the contracts that are in midstream are being influenced by last year's CPI, keep in mind as contracts come up for renewal, given the state of municipal finance, we are seeing some lower pricing levels, on average on those contract renewals. So although you're getting the 2% as I mentioned in the second half of this year on the existing business, you have to kind of look at it on a net basis and factor in the fact that typically on an annual basis, we have about $350 million of municipal revenue renewing. And so on a net basis, we're coming up to that 1% to 1.5%.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. And then, Don, I think, your recap of the growth initiatives, at least for '13 has a nice lead into, a, the announcements you made today. And then second, there has been in the press and I think it was in one of your larger markets about recycling and some of the cost involved there. So maybe to the extent you want to talk about any one of those particular contracts, great. Although, generally, its heaven. But maybe, you can talk through what you're seeing on the recycling side in terms of the growth?
Donald W. Slager: Well, let me start, Al, by kind of saying that the business -- this business doesn't move at a rapid pace. So when you set out a plan to invest in a certain area or move into initiative, it takes a number of years to roll into it. So if we take the privatization in Flint, Michigan that you were referring to -- Ed mentioned, the pressure we're getting in the municipal renewal with the state of municipal finance, we're having some price pressure there. The same thing that's causing that price pressure, I think is causing some municipalities to rethink whether they should hire somebody like Republic Services to do the trash and recycling service. So we're going to put continued effort into that area of privatization and we'll continue to plow that ground. We don't have a lot of that built it into our pipeline, or into our -- even our plan, but we got a few of those that we're working through and will continue to see some wins there, I think, over the next several years. As rates to recycling, we've talked about this a lot and we've got 25 markets that we think we need to invest in across our 240 markets. And we do that to the tune of 3 to 5 markets a year. So just like we've done for the last 2 years in 2013, we'll invest in several markets to further build our recycling capability and answer the customer demand and to be competitive and broaden our service offering in the market. So it's a very steady pace of change and a very steady pace, but a focused pace.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Could you just comment -- I know we wanted to limit questions here, but on that point, have the economics changed at all? Because I know you were, at least, heeding us to be a little conservative on the economics around recycling given...
Donald W. Slager: Remember we told you when we look at those contracts, we -- and we perform on those investments, we look at the 10-year average. And right now, the commodity prices are right near the 10-year average. So over the cycle, we think those investments still makes sense as I said, Al,  we are not moving at a rapid pace. We're spending a portion of our capital budget every year. It's the right thing to do for the customer base. It's the -- it's answering customer demand and we're moving, I think, at the right pace. The investments all have a good return.
Operator: Bill Fisher, with Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: Don, just on the special waste you mentioned. Is the bidding environment -- is it just more aggressive? Are there less jobs out there? Or do you see a potential where there are some more bids later in the year that might change all that?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. It feels like it's just the event business, Bill, just people deferring jobs and maybe their discretionary budgets being tightened. So that's not unusual to see that in the second half of the year when people are uncertain about what their next year looks like for some of our customers. But again, as we said in our comments, every year, when we bring guidance forward, we can only kind of base it on what we know today. So when we look at the current state of special waste, the current state of commodities, the current state of fuel, we bake that into our guidance. Could it get better? Sure, it could. But we're seeing a slowdown here in Q4 and we're kind of baking that into, at least the first half of this year and we'll see how the pipeline treats us.
Edward A. Lang: I think we saw a kind of historic in Q3 and continue into Q4 and I think it would be consistent with the general news that you saw about some of the trimming of corporate capital expenditure budgets and even some of the government spending given when you go back to the second half of last year some of the political and economic uncertainty heading into year end. So it's not like these projects have been canceled. Generally the folks who had awarded us the business are just telling us it's been deferred, but until the business actually comes into the revenue stream, we're not going to put it into our budget or our forecast.
William H. Fisher: And just following up on Q4, your labor and maintenance costs were up like mid-single digits and I think you had an extra day in there, but just looking at '13, do you see some of that easing off a bit with like the One Fleet on the maintenance side? Or how would you look at those costs?
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yes. We're seeing -- Bill, this is Glenn. We're seeing a slowdown in our maintenance cost increases. And actually, in the fourth quarter, it was lower as a percentage of revenue than the third quarter. And we'll see more of that, we believe, in 2013. And on the labor, it's going to move with our volumes on the collections side of the business,  we hope to do more, if we do, there will be labor costs associated with that.
Donald W. Slager: So on the maintenance initiatives, by the end of this year, we'll have -- by end of '13, we'll have about half the fleet addressed. As I said, we've kind of stretched that to maybe a 4-plus year program. So we'll have half the fleet address. We've anniversary-ed the uptick and then we'll start to see the longer the new maintenance practices are in place, we'll start to see the benefits start to come in as we start to impact the second half of the fleet in the out years.
Operator: Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Mortgage (sic) [Markets].
Adam R. Thalhimer: I wanted to ask about C&D volumes. Are you seeing any pick up in roll off activity?
Donald W. Slager: Yes so we said in the comments that our temporary roll off business hauls, venture and hauls, was up over 5% in Q4 year-over-year. But it's coming off of a very low base. So when it comes to construction and demolition, construction specifically, we're very late cycle. And so we're pretty excited about the 5% uptick. But it's coming off a pretty low base. So we'll continue to be late cycle, that's just the way our business is and we'll continue to get our fair share of that growth as it comes through the pipeline.
Adam R. Thalhimer: And then, were there any impacts to your business from Hurricane Sandy in the quarter?
Donald W. Slager: Not really to speak of. We're not heavily engaged in that part of the country. We had some -- a few impacts in New Jersey. But you know how all those things work, is they cost you a little bit of money upfront, with revenue interruptions and service interruptions and some additional cost to run your facilities without power and such and then you make a little bit of money on the backhand. But net-net of net, you don't really make out too well. So it's about net even for us.
Adam R. Thalhimer: And lastly, I just wanted to ask, I mean, Commercial and Industrial revenue is up really nicely year-over-year in Q4. I mean, are those kinds of growth rates sustainable?
Donald W. Slager: Well I guess some of that is anniversary-ing some losses, et cetera. We've got that baked into our guidance. We've got some continued anniversary-ing of some volume in the first half of the year, some contracts we lost last year and then it starts to come back to us in the second half. So its probably too early to tell on construction and demolition and some of these things, but directionally, it's good. And I would tell you that we feel better about where it's heading coming into this year than we have in the last couple of years.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital markets.
Joe Box: Just a question on your mix shift toward collection. I appreciate the comments that were made earlier on labor in the quarter. I guess just going forward, based on what you could see in the macro right now, is the mix issue something that's likely to be an ongoing headwind? Or is it maybe a quarter or 2 blip until we see, maybe the landfill situation reverse in L.A.?
Edward A. Lang: Well, Joe, I would say, seeing increasing activity in any line of business, we would view as being a positive, not in any way a negative. So I think the increasing versus the volumes we're seeing in the collection business is a reflection of a little bit better economic activity. Their results we're seeing from our marketing efforts and what we would view in total as a positive. I also think the blend of, say, collections and post-collection, or disposal revenue is also kind of reflecting, as Don had in his speaker notes. We did lose a number of larger disposal contracts earlier in calendar '12 and we just haven't anniversary-ed those numbers yet. And then second, is as we discussed on a previous question, a little bit lower, what we would identify as event special waste streams, those tied to corporate capital spending or some type of government related work were being deferred in the second half of 2012. So on a net basis, the revenue mix were shifting a little bit and just the fact that collection is a little bit more labor-intensive will impact some of the average cost items. But if the event work comes back, then I think things will just rebalance to a previous level.
Donald W. Slager: And those large contracts that we lost, that we mentioned about 9 months ago, they all anniversary out by the end of June. So we go into Q3 with that behind us.
Joe Box: Okay, perfect. I appreciate that. A question for you on your automated arm conversion, I mean, you guys seem to be making, maybe, the most visible push with this initiative and I certainly understand its a major productivity tool. I'm just kind of curious, is it having maybe any unforeseen impact on your landfill volume?
Donald W. Slager: Well, the landfill volumes' more impacted by the conversion to a multi-cart system and one sort capability when you give a customer a 90 gallon cart for recycling versus an 18 gallon bin that they maybe had previously. Automation is first and foremost aimed at the waste collection side and then supplemented with the expansion of our recycling business. So productivity is #1 gain, driver safety, driver engagement, broadly the hardened demographic, all those are really good things. The customers like the carts. So it's got a good -- it adds to our customer experience. And then as we add a cart for recycling and so on, it does drive the recycling volumes up, which is what the customers want to see. So that's all built into our plan. When we look at investments in recycling, we look at the market pre-investment and the vertically integrated market post-investment and these investments make sense to us.
Edward A. Lang: And just to [indiscernible], we exited 2012 with approximately 62% of the residential fleet being automated. We do plan to buy, or convert, over another 200 routes in calendar '13. So at that pace, we should exit '13 with approximately 66% or about 2/3 of the residential system being automated.
Joe Box: Great. Just one more clarification, I apologize if I missed this earlier. So on the $37 million environmental charge in the quarter, should we think about that as a recurring item to a certain degree? And do you guys have any additional charges for the landfill included in your 2013 guidance?
Edward A. Lang: No. It's a remediation charge. So essentially, there is a process we conduct internally with both internal and external engineering group. That work is then also reviewed by our outside auditors and their engineering staff and it is viewed as a one-time item, so that we incur that as an expense in the current quarter, but it will be spent over multiple years. So although we do take the charge in a single quarter from a cash flow perspective, it's extended. The payment is over a multiyear period.
Joe Box: Right. Okay. But on the...
Edward A. Lang: But it's not a recurring charge.
Operator: Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: Just to follow-up on that last question, the remediation charge. I believe this is the second quarter in a row that we've had a remediation charge. And so, as we think about your outlook for 2013, are you including any potential remediation charges on that number?
Edward A. Lang: No. The answer is, you're right. It is the second quarter that we've done this. There was further engineering work done that necessitated the additional $37 million charge. But we do a full engineering review at all of our landfills annually and out of that process, we do not see any other remediation cost in '13.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: Okay. And just to get back to the discussion around C&D volumes. At the end of 2012, can you tell us what percentage of your volumes would be exposed to the C&D market? And as you think about your 2013 volume outlook, are you factoring in any volume growth in the C&D category at this point? Are you going to leave that as potential upside to your expectations?
Edward A. Lang: Well, no. We don't factor in any type of economic outlook or forecast into the financial guidance we've provided today. As far as the revenue contribution on the collection side, the C&D or collection and demolition work represents between 6% and 7% of our total revenue. And then probably between 2% and 3% on the landfill side where we're taking debris from other haulers. So in total, it's kind of high single-digit of our total revenue. I think that the conferences we've attended, we have spoken in the past at the peak of the economic cycle, say, in the '05, '06 period, C&D both collection and disposal, it was about 17% of the revenue and then at a trough, which was probably late '09, first half of '10, it was about 7% of our revenue. So we're obviously up off the trough. But still down significantly from the peak of the economy that we saw in '05, first half of '06.
Donald W. Slager: Our guidance is based on what we know today about the economy and as it changes and/or improves. We'll be talking to you about it quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: Next comes from Hamzah Mazari, with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Don, given how much the REIT landscape has changed, as you know, maybe help us understand what is your downside in going and seeking out a no name private letter ruling? As you know, there's nothing black and white with REIT conversions, particularly recently.
Donald W. Slager: Hamzah, as I said in my comments, we're not going to spend time on the call today talking about the restructure. We've done our work. We had a lot of discussion about it internally with external advisers. We even talked about it with our board. We have concluded, as I said in my comments, that it doesn't pass the test in our mind, and it doesn't fit our business. So let's move past it.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. And then just maybe a follow-up, along the same lines if you could share any work you've done on the MLP structure and what your views are there?
Donald W. Slager: My answer is the same.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay, okay. Maybe I'll ask a question on the business then. Maybe if you could talk about -- do you think we are past the pricing pressures that we've seen in this business over the last few years? Pricing has come off each year since we came out of the downturn. Are we past the pricing trough, in your mind? Or do we have -- or is 2014 sort of the recovery year for you guys? And we still see sort of price relief going on in some parts of your business this year?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think I would categorize it as saying we're coming out of the trough. We are probably about halfway through our Commercial -- or I'm sorry, our Residential Municipal business. As you know, those contracts are, call it, 5 years on average in duration. We've been taking some price rollbacks to extend those business -- those business contracts over the last several years. We're probably halfway, maybe a little better than halfway through that. We're going to continue to see some price pressure there as the municipalities have their own pressures related to their tax base, et cetera. So we baked that into our guidance for this year. We expect to have some continued pressure. As it relates to the open market, we think -- we think, as we probably said many times, we think, generally, larger companies tend to be rational, and we think sometimes the very small companies tend to be less rational. The best thing for pricing in that situation is going to be some organic growth, as organic volume returns to the sector, we think the open market pricing improves and that's just the nature of open competition. I think that will give us a little bit of a tailwind. The other thing that we face, of course, is half our business is indexed, to CPI and we've seen a little bit of up and down here in CPI. But we're still kind of holding up better than we did a couple of years ago, where we had CPI in the flat, negative and 1% range. So again, I'd characterize that as sort of the past. And coming out of the trough, we've got a couple of quarters of plus 1% core price in -- ending '12, and so our exit speed in '12 is good and we'll continue to be diligent in the way we price our business. So we're feeling pretty good about it and I think that's recognizing our guidance of 1% to 1.5% price.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. Can I ask a follow up question, since you didn't answer the first 2 tax questions. How should investors...
Donald W. Slager: [indiscernible] question?
Hamzah Mazari: I said, can I ask a follow-up on the business? Maybe if you could frame for us when you think we'll see the benefits of a housing recovery in your numbers and what the lag there is? Any sort of derivative impacts of a housing recovery, like new business formation, et cetera?
Donald W. Slager: Well it's raised the housing construction. I would tell you that we're probably, at least -- we're probably 12 months to follow. So again late cycle. We've got to see these housing starts turn into finished houses and again, that's where the waste is generated and then when you see business formation around that. So we're hopeful the way you are, but we're also cautious and we don't want to be the guys out there trying to predict the economy. It hasn't worked for us too much in the past. So we're going to -- again, base our guidance, as we have, on what we know about the economy today and as it improves, we're going to be talking to you about it every 90 days and giving you guys updates on what we're experiencing and seeing. And like you, hoping for the best, as it relates to that and that would be upside for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman, with Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: Glenn, welcome aboard, by the way.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Thank you.
Michael E. Hoffman: Can we talk a little bit about return on invested capital and your annual incentive compensation plan as we go into '13? As a group and individually, the companies have been fighting sort of a negative slope on the line of ROIC for all the reasons that have been talked about ad nauseum today and previously. But the trends are shifting and based on your dataset it feels like you should reverse that trend in the ROIC in '13 and could you talk about your annual incentive comp plan, how it drives some of the behavior to assure that happens?
Edward A. Lang: Michael, #1, there's been no change in our incentive compensation systems. We have 2 programs for management, one is an annual plan and the other one is a 3-year rolling plan, we call it a long term incentive plan, or an LTIP. The ROIC calculation really comes into the rolling 3-year LTIP plan. And essentially, there are 2 metrics in the plan. One metric is return on invested capital and the second is, we term, as cash value creation. So essentially, it's a balanced approach where we look at -- you get the maximum or higher payouts when you show gradual improvement on return on invested capital over time. And also free cash flow growth. But what we want to recognize in the compensation system, it's not just one-sided. Meaning, we don't want to shrink the greatness just to grow the ROIC. We also want to grow the free cash flow in the business. So although we'll have very firm hurdle rates, based on our weighted average cost of capital and associated premiums for business risk, we want to grow the free cash flow, we want to grow the revenue and we're also looking to return, or improve our return on invested capital. So essentially, it's a balanced approach over time in order for management to maximize their pay out.
Donald W. Slager: So, Michael, we think we have all the right triggers, as Ed said, cash flow, EPS, ROI and cash value creation, all the way down to the local manager. They have upping targets and they have pricing plans built-in to their plans and they also get charged for CapEx. Right, so there is no free CapEx at Republic Services. So we're hyper-focused on cash and as you said, the #1 thing we've faced over the last couple of years, putting pressure on ROI, has been price compression. And the #1 thing that's going to drive that forward is going to be some organic growth that's going to change that. It's going to impact CPI, it's going to impact sort of a small competitive behavior and a little bit of new volume growth will sort of come in at a higher margin than average. All of those things will help move that ROI forward and as it relates to price, we've got 3 strong controls in place internally, so that we don't have people out there pricing our post-collection assets in a way that is in conflict with our growth plans for the marketplace. So we think we've got the right controls and processes in place to keep pricing moving in an intelligent direction.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay, that's great. And then change of direction, slightly. Are you starting to see in your collection operations in the market, new business formation? The empty storefront in the strip mall or it's the new Dunkin' Donuts being opened. Is that -- how would you characterize what's happening in the marketplace?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I would say it's not quite a headline yet. But as I said, to answer some of these questions -- some of these questions earlier, we -- generally, I speak for the whole management team, we feel better about the business as we exited '12 than we did a year ago. We feel better about some of the growth potential  out there that we're seeing and some of the anecdotal things that we're seeing than we did a year ago. So I think -- somebody mentioned, I think it was Hamzah who mentioned, where are you at the trough? I think we're coming out of the trough. But again, this business doesn't change very quickly. You probably heard my predecessor say that 1,000 times in the time that you knew him. So it's true in this business, but it's directionally good and we think this guidance is, again, a good step forward for the company, it creates net of some of the adjustments, good high-single digit cash flow growth and EPS growth and as the organic growth comes back and we have continued success in executing all of our plans and our productivity measures, we're reporting quarter-by-quarter and again, hopefully, we'll see some of that growth everybody wants to see.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Noverini with Morningstar.
Barbara Noverini: Can you give us an update on your National Accounts business? And on a related note, I appreciate your earlier commentary on your pace of investment in recycling capacity. But do you feel that this pace is sufficient enough to remain competitive in winning new national accounts? How important is this to your future growth plans?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So we have 240 markets that our business is divided into, 40 states. But 240 marketplaces. We have coverage across those marketplaces either through handle recycling for our national accounts, either through company-owned facilities, or through partnerships with a third-party networks. So we have -- in markets where we don't have our own capacity, we have contracted with other third parties to handle our recycling processing, et cetera. So we've got about 80 or so percent coverage across those markets, which we think is substantial and sufficient, quite frankly, to provide the services needed and requested by our national account clients. So we are growing our National Accounts business. We have even recently unveiled some very new programs for some of our existing National Accounts who wants to see more recycling and diversion. So we're very active in that space and we'll continue to do that. So we don't think we're deficient and as I said, we'll continue to be very steady in our approach in investing in the business. So we're going to spend about 10% of our revenues every year in CapEx. It takes a certain amount of money to replace the fleet every year,  to replace containers that rust out, to replace airspace in our landfills that is consumed and then we have enough left over to do 3 to 5 markets a year, as it relates to building our recycling capability. We think that pace is sufficient based on my earlier comment of the coverage we have with our third-party network and alliances. So we'll continue on the march in a slow and steady pace, slow and steady wins the race. The tortoise is never boastful, but the tortoise perseveres. So that's our view on life here at Republic Services.
Barbara Noverini: I know in the past you've been able to give us how much revenues that business represents for you. Could you give that to us again?
Edward A. Lang: Recycling probably represents about 9% or 10% of our total revenue.
Barbara Noverini: No, no, no, for your National Accounts business, how much of that...
Edward A. Lang: National Accounts, well, we've not made disclosures specifically about National Accounts as a percentage of total revenue.
Operator: The next question comes from Stewart Scharf, with S&P Capital IQ.
Stewart Scharf: Could you talk a little bit about -- you mentioned you're stewards of the climate and a little more about your renewables and environmental initiatives, what you're planning to do with that. And also regarding landfills, your landfill life is -- averages roughly 60-plus years and I was wondering with all recycling increasing, is that looking to -- like it will extend further, or stay pretty much close to that target?
Donald W. Slager: Okay, Stewart. So you've probably heard us talk before about something we call the evolving ton, which kind of describes the fact that we think that total waste stream in America is changing. And frankly, growing. Per capita, I think people are throwing out, maybe a little less trash year-over-year, but the population continues to grow. And so in total, the waste stream grows year-on-year. Our business grows with population growth, as the tonnage increases household formation and the like. So today, we have a substantial recycling business, albeit, it's a small percentage of the whole. We continue to build out our recycling capabilities, as I just talked about with the last question. And we haven't seen, again, a substantial shift year-on-year of waste coming out of the landfill into -- into our recycling plants, but it is a steady pace of change. We believe more and more of the growth in the waste stream will come from recycling and diverted materials. So we've got a great asset base in our landfills. We may not fill some of the air space today, but we'll fill it up over time. And so we've described before that these landfills are not like airline seats. The volume -- just because you don't fill the seat today, you haven't lost the opportunity. That landfill airspace will become more valuable over time. So we continue to invest in recycling in the markets that want it and when customers demand it and are willing to pay for it. And it makes sense economically and with a great return. So we're very focused on that. We're focused on being good stewards of the planet with our engineering group and running our facilities well. We continue to build out our CNG fleet of -- roughly half of our CNG -- roughly half of our truck buy this year, again, a little bit less than half this year will be CNG fuel. So we're continuing to take advantage of, 1, the cost savings, but also the fact that it's a very clean alternative for fuel source. So again, a steady pace of change, continually rolling out these initiatives and taking -- making a little bit of progress every year toward our ultimate goal.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, operator. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services' conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the third quarter 2012 call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Anna. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 1, 2012. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services' third quarter performance. I will review financial and operating results before discussing our updated 2012 guidance and preliminary 2013 outlook. We recorded revenue of approximately $2 billion. Core price growth in the quarter was 1%, which was in line with our expectations, and an increase of 40 basis points versus Q2. Net price increase to customer, defined as price increases less rollbacks, was 2.8% in the third quarter. Landfill price increased by 2.7% in the quarter. Volumes decreased by 1.6%. The majority of volume decline can be attributed to contract losses we discussed on previous earnings calls and lower special waste streams. Although we saw an overall decline in volume, our collection business grew 0.3% versus the prior year. This is the first time collection volumes have been positive since 2008. Our third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.47. This includes a remediation charge for a closed landfill of $37 million or $0.06 of EPS. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $480 million. Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28% and SG&A was 9.5%. Excluding the remediation charge and impact from net fuel and commodity, EBITDA margin was 30.8%. We repurchased 1.3 million shares in the third quarter for $36 million. Year-to-date, we have purchased 7.6 million shares for $208 million. We plan to complete our goal of $325 million of buybacks in 2012. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. We expect to return approximately $650 million to our shareholders in 2012. This translates to a cash yield of approximately 6.5%. We have already met our full year acquisition goal of investing approximately $100 million and have purchased tuck-in acquisitions with $62 million of revenue in our existing markets. We continue to work on additional transactions and expect to maintain this pace of acquisitions in 2013. Our safety performance continues to improve with a 5% favorable reduction in our frequency rate. We have seen continued growth in our recycling business. Q3 recycling tons have increased 1.3% over the prior year. The economy is still sluggish, but we have seen an increase in our temporary roll-off business, which confirms the improvement in the homebuilding statistics. It is too early to call this a broad-based recovery but our temporary roll-off volumes have increased by 3.8% as compared to Q3 2011. As noted in our press release, we are reorganizing the structure of our headquarters and field operations, which will permanently reduce our annual SG&A cost structure by approximately $23 million. We expect to recognize a onetime charge of approximately $30 million for various costs, approximately half of which will be recorded in the fourth quarter. This reorganization allows us to maintain a streamlined structure that is responsive to market demands. We are in the process of withdrawing from the Central States Pension Fund. This quarter, we took a charge of approximately $31 million for a partial withdrawal. We anticipate there will be future charges as we negotiate withdrawals for additional bargaining units. The liability is payable over 20 years and does not materially affect our free cash flow performance. This decision will benefit our employees and shareholders by limiting exposure to this critically underfunded plan and by moving employees to a well-designed 401(k) plan. We have amended our bank credit facilities to account for these potential future charges. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. I'd like to begin by discussing Q3 earnings and our full year EPS guidance. As a Don mentioned, our Q3 adjusted EPS was $0.47. Included in the earnings was a $0.06 environmental remediation charge for a closed landfill in Missouri. This was partially offset by a $0.04 benefit due to realizing tax credits on our 2011 returns. Absent these 2 significant items, adjusted EPS would have been $0.49. Now in July, we provided full year adjusted EPS guidance of $1.91 to $1.93. Since then, we have seen 4 components of projected earnings change resulting in a $0.06 reduction in full year EPS. 2 of these components I just mentioned: a decrease of $0.06 due to the Q3 remediation charge and an increase of $0.04 due to the Q3 favorable tax rate. In addition, there has been a decrease of $0.01 due to a decline in commodity prices and also a decrease of $0.03 due to the increase in net fuel costs. The net impact of these 4 components is a reduction in projected earnings of $0.06. As a result, we now expect full year adjusted EPS in a range of $1.85 to $1.87. This excludes the restructuring expenses we expect to incur in the fourth quarter of 2012. Now turning to revenue. Third quarter 2012 revenue of about $2 billion reflects the following components of internal growth. Core price growth of 1% with positive price in all lines of business. Core price increased 40 basis points sequentially from 0.6% in Q2 to 1% in Q3. This was in line with our expectations. The sequential increase reflects the impact from higher CPI-based price resets in our restricted customer base. Our fuel recovery fee decreased 0.4%. The decrease relates to the lag between fuel recovery fees and the fuel costs when prices are changing. Our fuel recovery fee lags the current fuel costs by 1 to 2 months. When fuel costs are rising, like they did throughout the third quarter of 2012, our recovery percentage declines until fuel costs stabilize. Conversely, fuel cost declined throughout the third quarter of 2011, which resulted in a timing benefit in the prior year. Our commodity revenues decreased by 2%. Commodity prices decreased approximately 33% per ton to an average price of $108 per ton in the third quarter from $162 per ton in the prior year's third quarter. Our Q3 recycling facility commodity volume of 500,000 tons was up about 1.3% from the prior year. The full year guidance, which we provided in July, was based on our July average price of $116 per ton. We estimate current commodity prices of about $110 per ton. And again, for reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity value equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS impact. This includes the impact on both our recycling facility and our collection businesses. Now turning to volume. Our third quarter volumes decreased by 1.6% year-over-year, excluding a 50 basis point decline due to 1 less work day. Most of the decline relates to landfill and transfer station volumes. Within the landfill business, special waste decreased approximately 10% versus the prior year. In Q3 of 2011, we had historically high levels of special waste, which creates a tough comparison for this year. We are also experiencing a slowdown in special waste jobs. In many cases, we've been awarded the work but the start dates have been delayed. Our landfill MSW volumes are down approximately 4%, primarily due to the previously discussed loss in municipal disposal contracts and also competitive pressures that we previously discussed in our outlaying markets. As Don indicated, collection volume is positive 3%, this despite specific losses that we previously discussed. This level of collection volume represents a 60 basis point sequential increase from our second quarter performance. Now turning to margin, I will discuss our third quarter year-over-year margin. Q3 2012 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28% compared to 30.7% in the prior year. This is a 270 basis point decrease. As Don mentioned, excluding the impact of the Q3 remediation charge of 180 basis points and the impact of net fuel and commodity of 100 basis points, EBITDA margin would have been 30.8%. Some of the more significant changes in margin include: first, labor, the 90 basis point increase in expense is mostly due to normal increases in wages and health care costs and a change in our revenue mix. Collection volumes have increased, which carry associated labor cost, while disposal volumes, commodity revenues, fuel recovery fees and subcontract revenues are all down, and these have little or no variable labor cost. Second, our maintenance costs. The 70 basis point increase in maintenance expense relates to the change in revenue mix I just discussed. Also implementation costs associated with our ongoing maintenance initiative, an increase in cost of tires across our supplier base and refurbishment of containers versus purchasing new, which is a prudent cash decision. Third, our transportation and subcontract cost. The 30 basis point improvement relates to a reduction in subcontract costs associated with a loss of a large national account, which we discussed in July. Subcontract costs tend to be higher in our National Accounts business. Fourth, our fuel costs. The 20 basis point increase in expense is due to a 1.8% increase in the cost of diesel. After considering the impact of related fuel recovery fees, there was a net margin decline of 30 basis points. The average cost of diesel in October was approximately $4.09 per gallon, an increase of $0.31 from the $3.78 per gallon used in our full year guidance provided in July. For reference purposes, a $0.10 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which also includes the impact of our fuel recovery fees. Fifth, our landfill operating costs. As previously mentioned, the 180 basis point increase in expense relates to a 37% remediation charge for environmental conditions at a closed landfill in Missouri. This charge will not have a significant cash impact in the next few years. As I mentioned earlier, this charge resulted in a $0.06 reduction in EPS in the third quarter. And excluding this charge, landfill operating costs were essentially flat from the prior year. Up next is our cost of goods sold. The 70 basis point improvement relates to a reduction in rebates, paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold decreased to an average of $31 per ton from $55 per ton in the prior year. While the change in cost was favorable, when you consider the more significant decrease in related commodity revenues, there is a net 70 basis point decline in EBITDA margin. And finally, SG&A. Third quarter 2012 SG&A was 9.5% of revenue. This improvement of 30 basis points primarily relates to a reduction in incentive compensation expense, partially offset by an increase in provision for doubtful accounts. Looking ahead, we consistently believe our annual run rate SG&A is approximately 10% of revenue. Our DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 10.9% in the third quarter of 2012 versus 11.1% in the prior year. The 20 basis point improvement primarily relates to the favorable impact of landfill expansions in the third quarter of 2012. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, taxes and free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Tod. Third quarter 2012 interest expense was $93 million, which included $14 million of noncash amortization. Our Q3 2012 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by realizing additional federal and state credits on our 2011 tax returns. As Tod mentioned, this provided a $0.04 EPS benefit in the third quarter versus our original expectations. In July, we guided to a 36% full year 2012 effective tax rate. We now expect a full year 2012 tax rate of approximately 33.5%. Looking forward to 2013, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 38%. The higher tax rate has a negative impact on our preliminary 2013 EPS outlook of approximately $0.14. I will now discuss free cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow was $149 million in the third quarter and $480 million on a year-to-date basis. Free cash flow timing tends to vary by quarter due to capital expenditures and changes in working capital. The components of adjusted free cash flow are detailed in our 8-K filing. As a result of higher fuel costs and lower commodity prices, we now expect full year cash flow to be approximately $750 million. This is down $25 million from our previous guidance of $775 million. Now I'll discuss the balance sheet. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $854 million and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at September 30, and excess credit available under our bank facility was approximately $1.4 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. As Tod mentioned, we expect 2012 full year adjusted EPS in a range of $1.85 to $1.87 due to lower commodity pricing, higher fuel expense and the Q3 remediation charge. And as Ed discussed, we are reducing our adjusted free cash flow guidance to $750 million accordingly. We are about midway through our annual planning process for 2013 and have not yet finalized the details, which we will provide next February. At this point, our preliminary outlook for 2013 EPS is approximately $1.90 to $1.92, which represents high single-digit growth after excluding the impact of a higher effective tax rate. Our preliminary outlook for 2013 free cash flow is approximately $650 million, which represents mid-single-digit growth after excluding the impact of higher cash taxes. Now I want everyone to pay close attention to my following comments. This preliminary EPS outlook for 2013 assumes that fuel and commodities remain at current levels. It assumes no change in the economic environment and a higher effective tax rate compared to 2012. As Ed mentioned, the negative impact that the higher tax rate has on our preliminary 2013 outlook is approximately $0.14. Our free cash flow expectations also assume that bonus depreciation will expire at the end of 2012. If it expires, the negative year-over-year impact of bonus depreciation is approximately $150 million. It is important that you understand these facts and assumptions. Now before we go to questions, I'd like to highlight a number of key achievements the Republic Services team has made. We delivered free cash flow performance providing a cash yield to positive price throughout the economic downturn. We've grown the business through collection volume growth and tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. We continue to demonstrate an efficient cost structure, and we remain core-focused and well-disciplined. We're well positioned to take advantage of an improved economy. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: I guess, I wanted to start real quickly on the restructuring charge. I know it's not a big number. But perhaps, maybe some of the things that went into rethinking the organizational structure and the fallout, of course, is the dollar amount. But maybe from just an operation standpoint, why this makes sense and maybe why now?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think it makes sense now because we've continued to develop strength in our team, we've continued to build our team, our people continue to grow and we have a high confidence in our region and area leaders that they can operate and lead larger geographies. What's important to note is our general manager business unit level has not been impacted. So we have not spread or expanded the span of control at the business level. Those 170 or so general managers still exist. Those position units haven't been impacted. So our area leaders and our regional leaders have to manage a little larger geography, and we believe they have the talent and the team to do that. Our Republic standards, our initiatives are taking shape and having good progress. And at Republic Services, we're always looking for ways to work hard and work smarter, and this is just one of those examples.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: And then my follow-up, if I may, and it's sort of a broader question. But obviously, the free cash flow number, again, with all of the caveats is still a little bit down from '12. But is that pricing related in certain markets? Are you still seeing some pressure on that?
Edward A. Lang: Al, you're talking about '12 to '13, right?
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Yes, I'm just trying to pick up the trend in the business here that if you...
Edward A. Lang: Well, actually, I think if you look at the normalized trend, free cash flow year-over-year would be up mid-single-digits. The headwind that we have in '13 is the exploration of bonus depreciation at the end of calendar '12. And the impact on a year-over-year basis is about $150 million. So all companies that buy heavy equipment have benefited significantly in their free cash flow performance over the past several years from bonus depreciation. Keep in mind, as recently as 2011, bonus depreciation was 100%. In calendar '12, it's been 50%, and in '13, it will go to 0%. So we're assuming in our guidance -- or excuse me, our outlook that's there is no extension of bonus depreciation. And if that is the case, the year-over-year headwind is $150 million. Now if you normalized free cash flow in '11 -- excuse me in '12 and '13 for bonus depreciation, as I mentioned, you would see a positive free cash flow in the mid-single-digit range. So we are -- from the ongoing business, we are seeing free cash flow growth. What we're seeing is the impact of the change in federal tax policy.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay, am I able to sneak one more in here? Or is this...
Edward A. Lang: Go ahead, one more.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: All right. Sorry. So back to the pricing component. I guess, then the volume trend that you're seeing, you were a little bit lighter than we had expected. And I'm just wondering if there's something contractually or if it's just some of this commercial and industrial that you haven't seen the uptick yet.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, Al, this is Don. Special waste is really just a little bit lighter than we thought. Our commercial business and our collection business, as we said, is growing for the first time since 2008, so we're really happy with what's happening there. We did have the continued effect of some of the previously lost contracts. It really comes down to the special waste. It's a little bit lighter, softer and jobs are being pushed. We still have people saying they're going to let the jobs, but they just seem to be delaying when they're going to start.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance H. Edelson: I just wanted to follow up on the special waste question. So the slowdown that's being experienced, is that resulting in a stronger pipeline now because these are really just pullouts or pushouts? Or is this more of a cancellation nature? Can you distinguish there?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I think it's just pushing it out. We've seen a slowdown. I think people just are a little uneasy with economic conditions, the fiscal cliff. At this time of the year, it's not unusual if the economy is not doing real well, that people start to tighten up their capital budgets, government jobs being delayed, those kind of things. So it's just a -- it's the event business we're talking about, not the re-occurring special waste stream to manufacturing.
Vance H. Edelson: Okay, got it. And on the CPI, it sounds like it's providing a modest lift now based on the contract structure and the lag impact. Do you think it's going to provide more of a tailwind in the fourth quarter and beyond?
Edward A. Lang: Well, as we look at the pricing at the -- exiting the year, we looked at pricing will be at least 1% as we exit the fourth quarter. So I think we're in a good position versus how we were coming into 2011 as far as the trend in pricing.
Tod C. Holmes: And it's in line with what we had thought in line with our expectation.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And one last one, maybe you mentioned the $650 million of capital that will be returned to shareholders this year. Any feel for where that number might be next year in 2013?
Edward A. Lang: Well, obviously, we just increased the dividend in that number set. We expect to have $325 million of share repurchase available as we go into calendar '13. And as you know, Vance, we try to be opportunistic but kind of hold to our plan, but we just kind of work our way through the year. But we would probably have about $325 million available under the current authorization when we enter the new year.
Donald W. Slager: And remember, Vance, we're working off of a 2-year authorization here. So we have a good portion of that left for 2013.
Tod C. Holmes: But the cash utilization strategy is we very consistent. So it's the foundational dividend. It's that share repurchase 2-year program Don mentioned, and the it's the $100 million or so of tuck-ins.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, there's really nothing we see that would change our approach to that. We've got the tuck-in opportunities. We've got the dividend, and we still will continue, as Tod said, to be opportunistic in the buyback.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question was just around guidance. I know you guys said you're assuming the current economic environment, you're assuming current OCC and fuel. Under that scenario, what is your pricing assumption for '13 assuming you get the same CPI bump that you did this year? And what are you assuming on volume? I know you've had some contract transitions. What does pricing volume look like in that '13 guidance? And does that include a buyback as well? And if so, how much?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, Hamzah, as I said, this is not guidance, it's preliminary outlook. We're just in the middle of the business planning process. We wanted to bring to light some of these tax issues, so you guys had a handle on that. We'll see what happens with fuel and commodities between now and when we give guidance in February. As you know, when we give guidance in February, it's based on how we end the full year, the previous year. It's yet to be determined. And we talked about the fact that pricing now was up from 60 basis points to 1% in Q3. We'll see how that trend develops, but we're not really giving guidance today. It's just a preliminary outlook, and we're just going to give that EPS and cash flow just to kind of to get everybody focused on that.
Tod C. Holmes: And on the share repurchase, we've said repeatedly that $325 million, it was a 2-year program or a little over 2-year program with $325 million this year and $325 million next year, so that's consistent with what we said in July.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay, that makes sense. And then just a follow-up question. On your collection volume being up, how much of that is just a general lift in the economy? And how much of that is you guys being more aggressive in the marketplace and maybe defending some business?
Donald W. Slager: Well I'd say it's a couple things. It's puts and takes certainly. We've won the San Jose contract, that's in there. We've got some puts and takes of large contracts. We've been very open with everyone about the fact that a couple years ago, we really started defending our business more ferociously against some of the sort of less rational smaller players. That's paid off because we begun to close a little bit the gaps. I would tell you we're losing less business today as a result of that. And Rule 1, when you're trying to grow, you've got to stop shrinking. So we've stopped the shrinking. We're defending our turf very well, and we're very specifically competing back in markets where we need to. We are continually pricing and our price shows that. And that's really all I can tell you. There's a lot of blocking and tackling and a little trench warfare that's going on in this business, and it's really no different than it's always been. It's been very competitive, but we're getting a little better at it in the trenches than we have been historically.
Hamzah Mazari: I appreciate that. Just last one, any update on the CFO search process?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, sure. We've got a great process, well defined. We're right on course and on schedule. We have a number of internal high-quality candidates, as you know. And we've got a couple of external candidates we're looking at. And we'll be bringing it to a close here before too long. But as you know, Tod is going to be here through May if we require him to, and he's committed to that. So we're right on course, and there's really no need to worry or hurry. But we'll have an outcome before too long.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: Just maybe for Tod. I know that the maintenance expense is up like $40 million or so year-to-date. How do we think about that expense into '13 in terms of the One Fleet initiative and kind of some of the puts and takes there?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, again, we're not going to really talk about '13 anymore than the general comments that we've made in the past. I think when you look at kind of sequentially how that maintenance expense rolls out, our container expense continues to be a little bit higher as we continue to repair containers. But that is the right cash decision. I would say that we're kind of working through the -- probably the tail end of that inventory. So as a result, that would drop off a little bit and we'd revert a little bit more to buying containers. And then on the One Fleet initiative, as we've said in the past, that's a multiyear program. We talked last quarter about slowing it down, but really, that slowdown takes a little bit of time to work through. So it will probably step down a little bit here in the fourth quarter and then be at that level as we go forward. The other thing that we have, which is probably more of a margin noise thing, is that change of revenue. Again, when you look at the total mix of business, and this is more from a percentage standpoint, the higher disposal commodity type of business gives you a lower percentage whereas a little bit more collection business pushes your maintenance costs up a little bit. So obviously, on a dollar basis, as we grow the business, as Don said, this is the first quarter since I think '08 that we see a positive there that in the collection business that there's going to be a little more dollars spent on the fleet.
William H. Fisher: Okay. And then maybe for Don, you mentioned the temporary roll-off was up 3-or-so percent. And if I were to think the sector hadn't really invested in roll-off fleet the last 4 or 5 years, and I know it's a smaller piece of revenue now. But if that stays strong on the volume side, could that kind of benefit price in that piece a little bit more given the capacity maybe?
Tod C. Holmes: That was the total collection -- Bill, this is Tod, I must have misspoke because I think I said 3% for the collection volume being up, and the total company was actually 0.3%.
Donald W. Slager: Temporary roll-off was up 3%, right? Temp roll-off...
William H. Fisher: I was just talking about the temporary...
Donald W. Slager: Temp roll-off is going to be construction. It's going to be businesses cleaning out, that type of thing. We haven't seen that kind of an uptick in a long time, so it's a little too early to tell. I guess that's what I said in my comments. We wanted to make a note of it because it's a positive, about 3%. So it's -- temp roll-off is only 30% of our total industrial line of business, right? So it's a small portion of a small portion, right? But it is a positive. We'll have a more on it as we see how things kind of develop through Q4. And obviously, supply and demand, right, Bill, if at some point that things start to take off a little bit, it should give us a little more pricing power. That's just how it works in our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: First, I wanted to ask, Tod, when you went through the impacts to your new EPS guidance for '12 relative to the prior guidance, I was a little surprised that you were saying there's more of an impact from fuel than from commodities, just given kind of the relative movements. I just want to kind of confirm, had you assumed in the prior guidance that commodities were going to come down further? And on fuel, are you actually recovering less kind of structurally. Or is it just a lag issue?
Tod C. Holmes: I think you got it. That's exactly it, Corey. It's the lag. And then I would say the other thing is commodities have kind of come back a little bit here in the past month or so. So it's those 2 factors.
Edward A. Lang: It's about a 60 day to get the FERF to catch up. And I think what we saw here in the third quarter is that fuel was just continuing to move against us week-after-week throughout the quarter. So it was just you were kind of running after a higher and higher number and just the way the math works. It was difficult to have the FERF kind of keep pace with where actual fuel is going.
Corey Greendale: And on the impact of labor on margin, so I understand the mix issue, where do you think you're at in terms of kind of the efficiency of operations? The 0.3% increase in collection, obviously that's moving the right direction, but that's not a level where you think you need to be adding a bunch of labor, so are there opportunities still to kind of make that side of the business more efficient?
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We continue to work on our automation initiative, Corey, that's -- it's a long-term initiative converting our resi system from 2-person vehicles to single operators. We're going to be at this end of this year 63% complete. We might get in sort of the 80% range before we're done, so we've got some work to do there. We continue to work on routing efficiencies, and we'll get an additional productivity enhancement every year from those things. But we're pretty good at routing, so there's not a big material change. It's just constant steady improvement.
Corey Greendale: If I could just throw in one quick one, Ed, I was hoping you might be able to give us a tax rate guidance just for Q4, given the moving pieces, I want to make sure I'm modeling that correctly.
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I use the full year 33.5%; isn't that what it is? So what -- look at the 9 months and just...
Edward A. Lang: Right. It's going to average 33.5%.
Tod C. Holmes: For the full year. So just force the fourth quarter to get you a 33.5% of the full year.
Edward A. Lang: It will be roughly equal to our statutory rate.
Tod C. Holmes: And again, the third quarter was the return provision true up where you typically actually file your tax return.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich Securities.
Michael E. Hoffman: If you were to go back to the beginning of when bonus depreciation was dumped upon us, I don't know, 2009. And you wiped it out and never happened, what's the free cash flow -- base free cash flow of the business?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I think it's probably -- if we look at this year, it would be around $700 million. If we look at next year, it would be around $750 million, somewhere in that range. That's kind of that mid-single-digit free cash flow growth that Ed and Don spoke to. And again, if you look at the history of bonus depreciation, '08 and '09, it was 50%. In '10, it was 50% until September, and then it went to 100% in kind of in the closing months of the year, and then in '11, it was 100%. So we're getting a benefit this year, which is a combination of some of the late 2011 capital that we put in place where we probably overpaid a little bit our 2011 taxes. And actually, once we knew it was going down to 50%, we accelerated capital in '11, as you'll recall, to take advantage of that. And in this year, its 50%. So we think that we have probably I'd say realistic, but depending on what happens with all this political uncertainty, we don't have any bonus depreciation in for next year. If there is some, well, that's upside to what we just told you.
Edward A. Lang: And keep in mind, Michael, what we're seeing in the free cash flow outlook we're talking about is the impact of lower-than-average commodity prices that we're currently experiencing, above average fuel costs. But I think if you pull back and you kind of just look at the normal depreciation schedules because historically, we would depreciate equipment over a 5-year period, and if you looked at a normalized level of fuel and commodity values, I think what generally you see in the long term in this business is that free cash flow tends to run about 110% of net income. So there is -- as long as you're continuing to reinvest in the fleet, you get that benefit of the 5-year depreciation schedule. So this is a business that normally you do see free cash flow per share higher than book earnings per share, and that's one of the beauties of the business. But right now, we're just dealing with the volatility on a year-to-year basis, created by bonus depreciation. And then from an operating perspective, a pretty significant decline in commodities during the third quarter. Or as Tod mentioned, it has picked up a little bit here at the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Michael E. Hoffman: And then your dividend's now around 3.5%, if I'm not mistaken, your borrowing costs on 10-year or longer money is well below that. So why not fire a bucket of a money and buy a whole lot of stock back and play the spread?
Edward A. Lang: Well, we do like being investment grade, and I'm sure there's a few fixed income investors on the call that appreciate us saying that. So we do...
Tod C. Holmes: And there's also a cost associated with not being investment grade.
Edward A. Lang: And there is a significant cost with our -- keep in mind, we rely on letters of credit. We rely on surety bonds. We do like having or prefer to have -- and the investment grade profile we think is also a benefit for us as we look at municipal marketing opportunities, and having access to capital to expand our business platform through enhancing the fleet, recycling or tuck-in acquisitions. So we don't want to get distracted by some near-term events and be focused on the business for the long term.
Donald W. Slager: We want to maintain that financial flexibility, Michael, in the event that there is a business opportunity we can take advantage of, so that's critical for us.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then Don, just one quick question for you. In your text and in your presentation, if I summarize, you believe the underlying fundamentals of this business are sound, stable and with an improving bias. But macro factors in the bonus depreciation create oddities but structurally believe the business is in a good fundamental position and improving.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, we think the underlying fundamentals of the business are very strong. We think we are well positioned to take advantage of improving conditions. We're very happy with the team. They're very capable of executing the plan. That's evidenced by the fact that we just reduced our area in the region -- our count and increased our coverage. We're that confident in their capability. Yes, we're at a unique point here where, as Ed said, commodities are below average. Fuel is way above average, and we have some of these interesting puts and takes here year-over-year. The -- we're still, as you can see, producing consistent cash flow. The business has that hallmark, and we think overall the industry is still fairly rational even though there's some noise out there.
Tod C. Holmes: With a good cash yield back to the owners through the dividend.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so you asked me do I feel better about the business now than I felt last year? I would say, yes, I do. And we just have some noise here to sort out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J. Levine: A question, I don't know if you mentioned this earlier, could you quantify the dollar amount of the bonus accrual that was reversed, that was the component of SG&A?
Tod C. Holmes: We did not quantify it. I think you can see it in our SEC filings in the SG&A detail. Typically, this third quarter ends up being a little bit lower than our average of around 10-plus percent or 9.5%. So we had a positive net of 30 basis points but then offsetting that, we had some higher bad debt expense year-over-year. I will say this is not an unusual phenomenon as you go through the second half of the year, to true up bonus accruals. This year it probably is a little bit more than in the past because we've got the headwind from the commodities and fuel, which is bringing our EPS number down.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So we're going to see around 10% in SG&A going forward. So this 9.5% for the quarter isn't something that we're going to carry into the future. It's going to still remain around 10%.
Tod C. Holmes: 10% next year. And the puts and takes is cost savings on the reorganization next year and obviously, our bonus accrual next year will be higher than this year.
Scott J. Levine: Got it. And then I'm not sure if this is covered in terms of the remediation charge. So is that basically a one-shot deal with a cash flow impact of a direct magnitude a few years out? Or is it still a fluid situation where it's still unresolved?
Tod C. Holmes: It's a onetime -- the $30 million is onetime. The $23 million is ongoing. The cash impact is...
Edward A. Lang: About $2 million this year.
Scott J. Levine: $2 million. Got it. Okay. And then one follow-up on acquisition. So it sounds like you guys, you hit your acquisition target here in 3 quarters. Just wondering whether -- what your appetite and interest level still is and whether you're considering outside of traditional tuck-ins, I know that's traditionally been the focus, and whether you may overspend your budget if appealing opportunities become available to you, and whether you'd be willing to lever up a little bit more to do that.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I'd say this. We're always looking, and we've looked at everything, small, medium. We're looking within our core. So solid waste, North America, in the markets we're in typically, which is the definition of tuck-ins. We take a look at everything. We're very pleased with the ones we've done. If there's something else that came up in the remainder of the year, we'd look at it. But at this point, the idea of closing anything that's not on our radar today with this much -- with only 6 days left in the year is probably not going to happen. Where does it go from here? We think there's a pipeline that lets us do a steady diet of, call it, $100 million a year into the future, but we'll have, as we said before, the financial flexibility to do a little more if we run into good opportunities.
Scott J. Levine: Got it. And what's your leverage as of the end of the quarter?
Edward A. Lang: You mean our debt-to-EBITDA?
Scott J. Levine: That's right.
Edward A. Lang: About -- just right around 3x. That's calculated under our bank covenant.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T.
Adam R. Thalhimer: Most of my questions have been answered, but I do want to ask the growth that you saw in the quarter, temporary roll-off, I think you said up 3.8%. How does that compare to recent quarters?
Donald W. Slager: Stronger, a little bit stronger.
Adam R. Thalhimer: So it's accelerating a little bit.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I wouldn't get too excited. I think it's...
Edward A. Lang: It's coming off a low base. We have seen a little bit better temporary roll-off in the -- down in the south in some areas in the west, but it's kind of mixed geographically, but maybe some of the areas where there was very little activity are actually showing some new activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: A couple of questions. First, can you just talk about how you see the company's leverage through the nascent housing and repair and remodel recoveries as those markets begin to approach normalized levels over the next couple years? What kind of impact do you see that having on the companies volumes?
Edward A. Lang: Well, Alex, if you just look at our total revenue, C&D collections is about 6% of our revenue, and then C&D volumes at our landfills are about 2% of our revenue. So to all types of construction and demolition work, it's about 8% of our revenue. It's up slightly where versus a couple years ago, we were at 7%. So we're still at fairly low levels.
Donald W. Slager: Let me say that again, total C&D revenue 3 years ago or 4 years ago when we're at the peak, '06...
Edward A. Lang: Was about 17% of our revenue.
Donald W. Slager: And today?
Edward A. Lang: It's about 8%.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So if '06 was normal, and you would argue it's probably greater than normal, and we're not saying we're going to get back to '06 anytime soon, but that's the gap. So today, we're up 9% of our volume.
Edward A. Lang: So still down 50% from the peak. Now what's a normal level? We're not going to go out there and try to give that type of guidance. We would just kind of report as to what's happening in the business. And as those opportunities come to us, we are seeing a little bit higher activity.
Donald W. Slager: And the good part is we're well positioned geographically in the Sunbelt in those markets that would maybe grow faster with population. We're -- we've got the assets, the landfills. We certainly have roll-off containers stacked up, and we're -- we sort of naturally get that growth as it occurs. It's not as though you got to go out and fight that hard for it; you sort of get your fair share, and that fair share would get us back ultimately to the numbers that I've talked about.
Tod C. Holmes: And as we've said before, we're late cycle so as we're clearing land, you're going to see all that activity. And then it's quite some time before they get into the anterior of the building where a lot of the waste is generated in the finishing process.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so it's still a little too early to call. Let's just leave it there.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey: Okay. That's helpful. My second question is, based on what you guys have seen out there and the trenches in the recycling business, do you have a view of the outlook for OCC price over the next couple of quarters?
Donald W. Slager: No, flat -- kind of flat's where they are.
Edward A. Lang: And we really don't put any type of forecast of OCC or other products into our outlook or guidance. So they're -- historically, there's a little bit of seasonality tied to holiday season buying. But other than that, we don't really see changes in the pricing. We just kind of assume what the current market is, is what we'll see going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Bancroft with Gabelli & Company.
Tony Bancroft: Quick question. Just to go a little further on Michael's question as far as nontraditional acquisitions as regarding the R360 deal, what are your thoughts on sort of the drilling waste business and actually sort of dealing in the front end, not just sort of the back end of that business?
Donald W. Slager: Well, as I said, we're really looking in and around the core. That's not as core to us as maybe it might be to somebody else, and we're -- we think there's enough opportunity in the tuck-in arena in the markets we're in. And we think for us if we're going to spend $100 million a year in acquisitions, which is what we've said is a decent run rate, we can buy businesses in markets we're already in and businesses we're already in, and with that, we'll get the best return, the lowest risk of integration. It's hard work buying revenue in $5 million and $10 million chunks, but it's given us the best return so far. And that's where we're going to be focused for the foreseeable future.
Tony Bancroft: Got it.
Tod C. Holmes: And we will participate in that energy sector to the extent that we have infrastructure in those drilling areas like Louisiana or Eastern Ohio. So we do see a piece of that business in our, which we consider part of our core.
Donald W. Slager: But purely on the landfilling side. We're not on the front end, as you said. We're not in the dewatering and in some of the other services at this point.
Tony Bancroft: Got it. That makes sense. And then just one quick question, could you give us some little more color maybe regionally with what you've seen recently with landfill pricings or defending landfill pricing?
Donald W. Slager: I don't think there's much to tell there regionally. Our landfill, our total disposal price was up 2.7% in the quarter, so we're consistently raising prices in our collection business fairly effectively. We haven't seen any major losses of contracts in and around that space, and we think there's going to be a couple of areas to recover -- I know there's been some talk about what happens in the L.A. market when the landfill closes there next year, they'll see some things occur. But we think it's overall, a fairly rational market for landfill disposal.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Just a quick question for you on your Industrial Collection business. If my model is right, it looks like this is actually the first decline since 4Q '10. I'm just curious, in talking to some of your customers, does this feel like more of a pause in activity? Or could it be more sustained?
Donald W. Slager: No, really that's just a combination of -- we talked in previous calls about one of our large competitors purchasing Oakleaf and that business being migrated over to their collection routes and then also the large, the big box retail store that was lost in our National Accounts system earlier in the year, and that's really it. You kind of net those things out, things are positive and going okay.
Joe Box: Okay. And changing gears a bit. I think one of your peers was out recently talking about a decline in rollbacks in the quarter. Is that something that's been broad based throughout the industry in 3Q? Or could be more of a one-off?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I don't know. I think rollbacks are pretty consistent. The general state of municipal finance in this country with our public-private partnerships, as we said, we're probably kind of halfway through renewing that book of business. About $400 million or so of revenue comes up every year in that space, and our municipal customers are struggling in other ways. And so we've had some rollbacks there. We'll probably have a little more over the foreseeable future. I don't think it's going to change much. What has to happen is, generally, we've got to see -- to see meaningful movement in pricing, we're going to have to see CPI increase; again, that's half of our book of our business. We're going to have to see household formation, business formation, manufacturing pick up, we're going to have to see generally consumer sentiment improve and people feel a little better about the state of the economy and exactly, the tax space. So when those things occur, pricing will get better. In the mean time, we're pretty happy that pricing's moved up a little tick here. We're doing good on costs. The fundamentals are sound, so we're just working hard through it. And if things feel a little better today than they did maybe 6 months ago, but we'll see. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, operator. We would like to express our concerns for all the areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Our thoughts and prayers are with you. We are happy to report that we have made contact with all Republic employees and all are safe. Our facilities and assets did not incur any material damage, and we are fully operational in substantially all of our locations. We are committed to providing the high level of service required to address the needs of our customers. I'd like to thank the entire Republic team for their efforts in working through our reorganization and their commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating a Republic way. As a reminder, a recording of this call will be available through November 8, 2012, by calling (203) 369-1886 and using the passcode 4589. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending with time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Republic Services conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the second quarter 2012 call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO, Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Victor. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our second quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 26, 2012. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services' second quarter performance. I will now review our second quarter financial performance before discussing our updated 2012 guidance. Revenue, approximately $2.1 billion. Core price growth in the quarter was 0.6%, which was in line with our expectations. MSW landfill price was 2.4%. Volumes decreased by 1.3%, a majority of the volume decline can be attributed to a loss of Oakleaf and the large national account, both of which we discussed in April. Our second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.59. Approximately $0.09 of our earnings resulted from a favorable tax rate. All material tax disputes have now been resolved. Our adjusted free cash flow was $156 million. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.3%, and SG&A was 9.6%. We repurchased 5.3 million shares in the second quarter for $141 million. We have approximately $480 million remaining under our authorization through 2013. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. Total cash returned to the shareholders was $223 million during the second quarter. Our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.235 per share which is a 7% increase. Some of our achievements during the second quarter include: Our safety performance continues to improve with a 3.5% favorable reduction in our frequency rate. We have closed on $73 million of acquisitions through June 30, that represents $47 million of annual run rate revenue. We remain on track to complete $100 million of acquisitions for the full year which was the high end of our guidance range.  Our pipeline remains strong for future growth acquisition. We continue to invest in fleet automation and converting the fleet to CNG. As of June 30, 61% of our residential routes are now automated, and we have placed 223 CNG vehicles into service. In April, we opened a single stream processing facility in Jacksonville, Florida, that increased our capacity in that market by 90,000 tons per year. Our largest single stream recycling facility, which services the San Jose market, went into operation in July. This startup coincides with converting the city of San Jose commercial and industrial collection service offerings from open market to franchise. In May, we completed a debt refinancing and renewed our 5-year bank facility at lower rates, which, together reduce our annual interest expense by approximately $25 million. Republic does not have a material debt maturity until 2016. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. As Don indicated, second quarter revenue of approximately $2.1 billion reflects the following components of internal growth: First, core price growth of 0.6%. This level of core price was consistent with our Q1 performance and is also in line with our expectations. Core price is positive in both the collection and disposal businesses, [Audio Gap] higher prices in the disposal business due to landfill MSW price increases of 2.4%. We expect price levels to be comparable between the first and second quarters, which was the case, and we expect prices to modestly rise in the second half of the year as the impact from higher CPI-based pricing takes hold on our restricted customer base. Our fuel recovery fee decreased by 0.1%. The decrease in fuel recovery fees relates to a decrease in fuel cost. The average price per gallon of diesel declined to $3.95 in Q2 2012 from $4.01 in the prior year, a decrease of 1.5%. Commodity revenue decreased 1%. Commodity prices decreased by 16% to an average price of $122 a ton in Q2 from $146 per ton in the prior year, due to recycling facility commodity volume of 540,000 tons was up 2.1% from the prior year and up 1.8% on a same-store basis. Our current commodity prices are approximately $112 per ton, which is down from the guidance we provided in April of $129 per ton. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of our recycling facility and collection businesses. Turning to volume. Q2 volumes decreased by 130 basis points year-over-year. Most of the decline relates to a few specific losses including the Oakleaf business and a large national account. Our collection business volumes were down 0.3%. Excluding the losses I just mentioned, our total collection volume was actually positive. Disposal volumes were down 4.7% versus the prior year, which relates primarily to MSW tons at our transfer stations and landfills. Again, this relates primarily to a lost municipal contracts in prior quarters and also the competitive pressures in our L.A. market, which we discussed back in April. In Q2, special waste volumes were essentially flat with the prior year, and we did not see the typical seasonal increase in landfill C&D volumes. Now, I will discuss the second quarter year-over-year margin. Q2 2012 adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.3% compared to 31.1% in the prior year. This is an 80-basis point decrease. Some of the more significant changes in margins include: First, labor. A 60 basis point increase in expense is mostly due to normal increases in wages and health care cost, and also a change in our revenue mix. Disposal volumes, commodity revenues and subcontract revenues are down which have little or no variable labor cost. Additionally, there is an increase of about 10 basis points related to work stoppages that occurred during the first quarter. Improvements in collection labor productivity partially offset the increase in labor cost, primarily in the residential business, through automation.  Second, disposal. The improvement of 30 basis points relates to decreased disposal expense primarily due to an increase in internalization. Third, our maintenance cost. The 70 basis point increase in maintenance expense relates to implementation costs associated with our One Fleet maintenance initiative, an increase in the cost of tires across our supplier base and also the refurbishing of containers versus purchasing new containers which, from a cash standpoint, is an efficient operating practice. Next, fuel. The 20 basis point improvement is due to a 1.5% decrease in the cost of diesel. After considering the impact of related fuel recovery fees, the net margin improvement was 10 basis points. The current cost of diesel is approximately $3.78 per gallon, which is down from guidance we provided in April of $4.13 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.10 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of full year EPS, which includes the impact of fuel recovery fees. Finally, cost of goods sold. The 30 basis point improvement relates to a reduction in rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold decreased to an average of $39 per ton from $48 per ton in the prior year. While the change in cost was favorable, when you consider the decrease in related commodity revenues, there was a 40 basis point decline in EBITDA margin. Our second quarter 2002 SG&A of 9.6% was consistent with the prior year. We expect our full year SG&A expense to be consistent with our previous guidance at slightly above 10% of revenue. DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, was 11.4% in the current quarter -- current year versus 10.9% in the prior year. The 50 basis point increase in expense primarily relates to a landfill liability adjustments recorded in the current quarter for sites that have already closed. Additionally, the prior year included the favorable impact of expansions granted, which should not repeat in the current quarter.  DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, taxes and our free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Tod. Second quarter 2012 interest expense was $99 million, which included $15 million of noncash amortization. As Don mentioned, we called $750 million of senior notes due in 2017 and issued new debt for 10 years at a rate of 3.55%. This lower rate will reduce annual cash interest expense by approximately $23 million. We also renewed our 5-year bank facility at lower pricing that will generate over $2 million in annual savings. Our EPS guidance included the favorable impact of refinancing this debt, but excluded any premiums paid or debt discounts written off in connection with early extinguishments. Our annual run rate interest expense, after the refinancing, is approximately $385 million, of which $55 million is noncash. Our refinancing activity since December 2008, which have benefited from our investment grade status in low rate environment, have reduced annual interest expense by approximately $230 million. We have now completed all significant refinancing transactions. I will now discuss taxes. Our second quarter 2012 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by finalizing Allied's 2002 exchange of partnership interest matter, and favorably resolving other tax matters including closing out open federal tax years through 2008. In April, we guided to a 37% full year 2012 effective tax rate. This included the benefit from finalizing the exchange of partnership interest matter since we were in the late stages of negotiations with the IRS. We did not include the other tax matters, which resulted in about $0.03 of additional EPS. We now expect a full year 2012 tax rate of approximately 36%. We expect the second half of 2012 effective tax rate to be approximately 40%. To summarize the tax impact, we saw a $0.09 benefit in the second quarter relative to the 37% full year tax rate we provided in April. We expect $0.06 of this benefit to flip in the second half of the year since we are expecting a second half tax rate of approximately 40%. The net impact versus the April guidance is a positive $0.03, which is the amount by which we raise the top end of our EPS guidance range. I will now discuss free cash flow. Year-to-date 2012 adjusted free cash flow was $331 million, which consisted of cash provided by operating activities of $695 million, less property and equipment received of $458 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $21 million, plus merger-related expenditures net of tax of $41 million, plus Allied cash tax settlements of $34 million, less cash tax benefit from debt extinguishment of $5 million, plus divestiture-related tax payments of $1 million, plus central states cost net of tax of $2 million. Therefore, adjusted free cash flow equals $331 million. Free cash flow timing tends to vary by quarter, in particular, due to the capital expenditures and changes in working capital. We remain comfortable with our guidance of approximately $775 million of full year 2012 adjusted free cash flow. Now I will discuss the balance sheet. At June 30, our accounts receivable balance was $845 million, and our days sales outstanding was 37 days or 23 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at June 30, and excess credit available under our bank facility was approximately $1.3 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. I would like to update our 2012 guidance. We are maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $775 million. This level of free cash flow is consistent with our original guidance and demonstrates a strong predictable cash flows generated by the business. Due to the successful resolution of open tax years, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.91 to $1.93. We expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 36%. To sum it all up, we are on track. I want to leave you with a couple of key points. In the beginning of the year, we anticipated a steadily improving economy as a backdrop for the price and volume growth. While the economy has not given us the support we expected, the industry remains rational and we have effectively managed cost to generate EBITDA margin in excess of 30%. Our free cash flow remains strong and predictable. We continue to invest in accretive tuck-in acquisitions and return substantial cash to our shareholders. Republic's business and financial strategies remain focused on return on capital and free cash flow improvement. I would like to thank the Republic employees for their dedication to operational excellence they've shown throughout the year. At this time, operator, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just -- Don, on maintenance costs, you had a big uptick last quarter in maintenance spend. What are you doing on maintenance costs for the balance of the year? Are you guys spreading that out more or what's the update on that?
Donald W. Slager: Sure. So, we continued to roll out our maintenance initiative on track to the first half of the year. We'd already started some divisions that we couldn't pull back on. We've kind of moderated our approach through the remainder of the year. We're stretching, basically, the initiative out from a 3-year to a 4-year initiative. We're reducing the number of divisions that we're rolling out in the second half of the year. We were doing 12 a quarter, we'll be doing 8 a quarter in Q3. And I think maybe even 7 -- 6 or 7 in the last quarter of the year. So we're just taking a little slower approach to it, and we're absorbing the cost at a slower pace. We're still very committed to the initiative, it's the right thing to do for the fleet, for productivity, for safety and for customer experience, but we're just slowing down the absorption rate of the change, Hamzah.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay, got you. And then just a follow-up, on the volume side, any change in the volume environment? Are you seeing it get more competitive? Maybe you can talk about the commercial business service increases versus decreases. And on the special waste side, is that pipeline still pretty firm?
Edward A. Lang: I think, Hamzah, in terms of service changes, it's been pretty consistent with previous quarters, meaning, flat on a net basis. So we're not seeing anything as far as net step-up in volume related to service changes. Well, as far as our volume expectations for the full year, we expect it to be flat to maybe slightly negative. One of the things I think we saw and we always talk about is -- in the first quarter, where we saw some C&D activity a little bit early, you couldn't really tell, if that was the economy or the weather, and really, I think, now that after we look at the Q2 volume performance, what you could say is that there's a little bit of a pull forward in Q1 on C&D activity because there really was not a seasonal step up above the Q1 levels in Q2. What we really did, we just pulled forward some of that activity. So...
Donald W. Slager: And Hamzah, as far as special waste goes, with the pipelines in pretty good shape, I mean, we think we're seeing the same kind of activity in special waste for the remainder of the year.
Edward A. Lang: And -- go ahead, what's your question?
Hamzah Mazari: I was saying, on special waste, do you guys have any government business that's getting deferred or not really?
Edward A. Lang: We do have some government business. And so we're probably will be some deferrals of some special waste work, and that probably is -- it is discretionary spend, so as we saw a couple of years ago, we have seen some deferrals of special waste projects. So the work is still there. It's just being slowed down a bit as folks kind of hold on to the dollars. I think also one thing I'd like to just also make clear as we look in the second half of the year that the Q3 volume performance will be negatively impacted due to 1 less work day. However, we make that up in the fourth quarter, because Q4, as an additional work day. So on a net basis, it evens out, but it will impact the reported volume performance in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale of First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Question on the guidance. So, I think I'm getting the moving pieces with the taxes, but if you would listen to what you said about the impact of commodity prices in fuel, it seems like you'd have a net drag from lower commodity prices, yet you didn't change the guidance other than the tax impact. So what is enabling you to offset the impact of lower commodity prices than you factored in before?
Tod C. Holmes: Corey, this is Tod. I think we're a little tighter the cost, obviously. When we saw those higher maintenance costs coming in the first quarter, well it took us a quarter to adjust. The organization is very committed to the maintenance initiative, but also we're adjusting the pace and looking closely at those costs, as well as other cost in the business.
Donald W. Slager: And fuel commodity is kind of offset in the second...
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, that's right. There's a net of fuel in commodity. So, there's not too much of an impact there. So we are very focused on the core business and, obviously, running the business efficiently.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And then on the price, Don, you used the word rational, but I was hoping you could collaborate on what you're seeing kind of incrementally moving through the year as far as the competitive pricing environment, particularly interested in national accounts and the municipals -- the municipal sides?
Donald W. Slager: I would tell you it's very much the same we've been seeing. The one national account loss we highlighted last quarter was, as we told you, somewhat of an anomaly was our largest national account. Our next large national account is less than half the size of that, right? So I think it's about 1/4 the size of it. We're not seeing any increased activity there. The municipal sector is very similar, right? The way it's been. The attitude of municipal buyers isn't going to change, their state of finance isn't really going to change until they get some help from the economy. And so when their tax base improves, they'll be less sensitive to pricing and we'll have to live with that for a while. But we're not seeing anything being materially better. We're certainly not seeing anything materially worse. The only benefit, of course, that's obvious is the benefit of CPI increasing in the second half of the year. So generally, competitively, things are pretty stable. And we're doing our part to keep our volume up and protect our business and cash flow and try to grow where we can.
Edward A. Lang: And, Corey, just as to how the resets in the restricted markets will impact reported price, we're expecting, obviously, first half of the year, pricing was 0.6%, and we expect pricing in the second half of the year to be in the neighborhood of about 1%, and that step-up is really being driven by the CPI resets in the restricted markets we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Just a follow up or maybe an incremental on the previous question. Don, in terms of the customer base, are you hearing anything incrementally more rationally positive? Or is it as expected, and therefore sort of a flattish tone on the volume comment?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I would say flattish. As far as volume goes, we just don't see the economic lift that we had hoped when we first built our business plan. As far as pricing, there's still some sensitivity as I said because the economy is not improving. We continue to maintain our cadence of price increases out across the marketplace. So we're staying really true to our strategy and our business plan and we haven't seen anything change for the better or worse, really.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: If you had to pick a more positive or constructive tone geographically, on one that was less constructive on a tone geographically, where would those regions be in your markets?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think pricing is pretty consistent across the board. I think the volume tends to be in and around where the energy business is raging, right?
Edward A. Lang: Exactly, as Don mentioned. Those geographies tied to energy are heavy manufacturing. I think we've seen the best volume performance in some of the locations in the Southwest and in our Midwest locations are probably faring better than the West and some places in the East Coast, particularly the Southeast. Those markets that were more tied to the kind of what's called the overheated real estate markets are still lagging due to the excess capacity or inventory in those particular markets.
Corey Greendale: If I may, let me slide one more in, just on the municipality in particular, with the number of bankruptcies in the lovely state of California and other places, are there any opportunities or opportunities for the sector or for you, specifically, as a result of that? Or is it just sort of business as usual?
Donald W. Slager: No, I think, we've talked about privatization in the past and we've successfully privatized a city in the Midwest last year. We have a small pipeline of opportunities here that were working. But if you could appreciate that the sale cycle on those is quite a bit longer than a typical sale of a rebid or an extension of an existing municipal account. So we'll continue to work on that, though it's not really our headline but we think there could be some opportunity there for us eventually.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich Securities.
Michael E. Hoffman: If we could come back to the free cash flow outlook, my take away is your reaffirming that guidance. I'd like to understand what do we need to do? Where does that incremental $440 million roughly come from as you think about the makeup in the second half? What drives that, how much is working capital versus...
Tod C. Holmes: Michael, what you have typically is our capital spend in the first half of the year was higher than our annual target of about $830 million. You also get the first quarter which is seasonally weak with a little bit of a negative working capital in that first quarter, and then taxes also tend to be volatile quarter by quarter.
Edward A. Lang: And then Q3 is usually our strongest quarter as far as volumes through the year. And then just simply from the timing of some incentive comp payment that were made early in the year along with some other matters that kind of cleared the books. So, I don't think there's anything structural about the business that's different, it was just that some timing issues of certain cash flows in the first half of the year.
Donald W. Slager: First quarter is always a weak working capital quarter because of what I've mentioned there. The other thing that I would say is, as we had said in April, we were reaffirming that $775 million, a little bit better outcome than we thought on taxes. So we're very, very confident with that free cash flow.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay, that's terrific. And then, Don, and all of you, if the business environment you live with right now, it's in July, where the paper is, your pricing outlook, volumes, what is your perspective on what 2013 looks like?
Donald W. Slager: We're not giving 2013 guidance, but we've got a lot of good things going on with the business that will certainly anniversary rollover into 2013. Again, I can't predict fuel and commodity prices. What I can say is, we're getting 0.6% price in the quarter, first half of the year, moving upward in the second half. We're holding our own on volume, we've got good productivity initiatives in place, we'll continue to invest in. We've got the acquisition machine kind of up and running now, we'll have the benefit of those things rolling through. So I'm pretty positive that we're doing all the right things. We'd like to have some help from the economy and, again, we're not economists. So when the economy improves, the pricing dynamic in the market will get better, customer sentiment will get better, commodities will get better. Those kinds of things will give us some tailwind. But in the meantime, we're doing the right thing, so I think it shows up in our margin. And ultimately it always shows up in our cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Levine with JPMC.
Scott J. Levine: Quick question, just a clarification. Did you say that the Oakleaf and the contract losses, without the impact of those, that you guys would have been roughly flat on volumes or, said another way, what is the volume impact associated with those contracts, and should we expect that to anniversary by the first quarter of 2013?
Edward A. Lang: You're talking about a couple of different items and they have different timing. So I think it'll start to anniversary in early '13, some of these other items won't be until mid-'13 and obviously when we give guidance next year, we'll talk specifically as to how those particular items will impact our guidance.
Donald W. Slager: So that large national account, took place in May. So, we'll anniversary that sometime in May, right. The Oakleaf loss started in the fourth quarter last year, it can continue to trickle in the first quarter. I think we're pretty much done with it by the end of the first quarter, most of that business that the Oakleaf internalized.
Tod C. Holmes: We have a disposable piece that anniversaries out by June, mid-year. The other thing from a volume standpoint is, again, I think what Ed and Don said earlier on the seasonal lift, that we saw, definitely, some pull forward there in the C&D activity in the first quarter. Second quarter lift, the seasonal lift this year was more muted than last year's seasonal lift. So certainly, we're seeing a little bit of drag from C&D and then while we have a robust pipeline, there seems to be a little bit of deferral wait-and-see on the special waste.
Scott J. Levine: Got it. And as my follow-up on pricing, just to clarify, are you guys seeing that you expect pricing of 1-ish percent in the back half or 1% for the full year? And then as a tack-on, would the effect of CPI-linked pricing going up, should that accelerate or gain momentum into 2013 implying upward momentum in prices you enter that year or...
Edward A. Lang: Again, we're not going to give guidance on '13. So, as I say, we will see, in the second half of the year, about a 40 basis point average step-up, first half to second half. But we're not going to give guidance on '13. I think what happens is if you kind of put the whole year together, pricing for the full year is about 1% for the full year, maybe a few basis points under, but it's about 1% with that split in the first half and second half, driven by increases in the restricted markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: Don, just on some of the acquisition you've done, are they mostly just tuck-in hauling operations or you're buying some recycling facilities or what types of things you're looking at?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, they're  primarily tuck-in hauling. But we did have 1 recycler that we brought here in recent history. But again, primarily, tuck-in hauling in markets we're already in. They tend to have the best returns post-synergy, lowest risk, et cetera, and we're buying them at good multiples. So that's probably the biggest part of the pipeline, Bill.
William H. Fisher: Just on a follow-up. On that, the 60 basis points of price, was the industrial and disposal side better than the average and commercial, residential below or just try to give some color on that.
Edward A. Lang: As far as the...
William H. Fisher: On the components of, like, the segments, were industrial and disposal a little better than the average?
Donald W. Slager: Disposal has really been a bright spot for us, specifically MSW, right? So when you think about our pricing strategy, one of the things we've continued to do is price our infrastructure correctly, our MSW price was 2.5% -- 2.4% as Tod said. That really is a strong point. Collection was pretty consistent with the way it's been, probably industrial being the brightest spot there for us on the collection side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley.
Vance H. Edelson: Just a couple follow-ups really. I wasn't sure I caught the exact answer on something asked earlier with Oakleaf and the one national account causing the volume decline. Did I hear the volumes have otherwise has been positive or flat or is any chance you could give us the exact normalized figures? Can that be calculated?
Edward A. Lang: I would say a majority of the volume decline was related to Oakleaf and the national account. There were, keep in mind, we did not see the seasonal uptick in C&D, and Tod also spoke to some of the deferral of the special waste volumes. There was a component of the volume decline that was related to other lines of business beyond those lost businesses we talked about in the April call.
Vance H. Edelson: Okay, got it. With the latest dividend raise, which is now the norm, which is nice to see, how does it look for a higher buyback authorization the next time the Board meets? And I guess as part of the same question, given the pipeline is still strong for future M&A, do you see the amount allocated to M&A possibly going up next year as well?
Donald W. Slager: Well, first on the buyback, right? This authorization we're living under gets us through 2013. So we got plenty of capacity there. As far as the acquisitions go, 2 years ago, we did 0 in acquisitions, last year about $50 million and this year, $100 million. So that's kind of what we're  looking at for this year and as we look at the pipeline and look at our business plan for next year, we'll come back to you. Again, we're not going to give '13 guidance. But our goal really is to focus on our core business. The markets we're in, we don't want to be distracted in other areas. And that $100 million or so is a nice -- we think a kind of a steady diet of acquisition pace for us today. And that's the way we see it as we sit here today.
Tod C. Holmes: We entered this year with $650 million share repurchase authorization. So if you were to split that evenly between '12 and '13, we got 3.25 for the share repurchase and then the dividend is probably somewhere between 3.25 and 3.40. So we're returning $650 million, $660 million, which is 6.5%, 7% cash yield to the owners. And then the balance is the acquisitions, $100 million, $100 million-plus of spend that Don mentioned. So the math is pretty simple in terms of our 775-plus of free cash flow.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Our formula for success really hasn't changed over the long-term. And we talk about being ROI focused. We talk about maintaining a strong credit profile, having a balanced approach to our return cash to shareholders. We've continued to demonstrate that with the stock repurchase, with the dividend raise. And on the acquisition front, we've always said that we've got flexibility financially. If something comes along that's a little bit bigger, that really fits our marketplace and we can do it at the right price. Then we have a flexibility to do that, and we've got the Board's support to do that. So having said that, steady as she goes here and that's really the message of the call.
Vance H. Edelson: And just one other quick follow-up. Without asking for 2013 guidance, just given what you know about the contract structure and what's already happened with the CPI. Without even getting to 2013, is the CPI impact going to be increasing through the second half of the year, kind of accelerating, given what you know historically about the CPI?
Edward A. Lang: I think, as you know, Vance, what's happening in the CPI today takes about 12 or 18 months to move into our restricted pricing. So we really have a pretty good handle as to what the resets will be for the second half of 2012, and that's been reflected already in the comments we've made. But just like if anybody's out there looking over multi-year period, always keep in mind that whatever happening in CPI in calendar '12 doesn't really start to impact our pricing until the second half of '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer: I just want to make sure I understand, the $0.59 adjusted, why wouldn't you back out the tax gain from that?
Edward A. Lang: Well, we did. I mean, that's why we called it out saying $0.09 was the impact. So if you want to look at the EPS from ongoing operations, it was $0.50.
Tod C. Holmes: Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was probably somewhere in the 24%, 25% range. And again, that's a function of us closing out some open tax years from 2004 to 2008. So it's obviously not an ongoing tax rate. Hence, as Ed had said, we've got a $0.09 benefit in the quarter, the tax rate goes back up to about 40% in the second half of the year, so 6 of that cents come back in the second half, and the net benefit to the company the full year is $0.03.
Edward A. Lang: Correct. We have just given previous guidance to investors, stating that the average tax rate this year would be 37. With the resolution of the items we mentioned, the full year effective tax rate is going to be 36, which is an additional $0.03 of EPS. So we're just making those adjustments to update the guidance that was previously given.
Operator: This time I'm showing no further questions.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. Thank you, operator. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for our performance in the second quarter. If you're listening, keep up the good work. We remain focused on the business fundamentals required to improve our returns on invested capital and further position Republic Services to grow across all lines of business. As a reminder, a recording of this call will be available through August 3, 2012, by calling (203) 369-1011 and using the passcode 4589. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at www.republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investors conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services' conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Gabby. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2012 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our first quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 26, 2012. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we discuss Republic Services' first quarter performance. Before we get started, I want to acknowledge Tod Holmes' announcement regarding his plan to retire next year. First, I want to say that everyone at Republic has great respect for Tod and we also respect his decision. Fortunately, he has given us a full year to work a smooth transition. Secondly, Tod has built an incredibly capable and talented financial team here at Republic, inclusive of solid financial processes, sound controls, and of course, a strong balance sheet. Tod has been one of the primary architects of the company's success, fostering and establishing a lasting culture that is firmly committed to creating cash value for our owners, with steadfast management, focusing on return on investment with a balanced approach to cash utilization. Additionally, besides his 15 years of service to Republic and the countless contributions he has made along the way, he has certainly been an invaluable adviser to me in the past 1.5 years. We will save all of our goodbyes and our thank yous for next year as Tod will be with us for a while, and we have plenty of work to do together before we host his retirement party. I'll ask Tod to share his thoughts with you.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. As Don said, I've announced my retirement. It's effective May 1, 2013. But it's a pretty simple story here. I turn 65 years old in 2013, and have always planned on retiring then. As part of my contract, I'm required to give the company a 1-year notice prior to my actual retirement. Therefore, I informed Don and the board of my decision at this week's board meeting. I do want to stress to everyone that I'm fully committed to my job here at Republic. We've got a great team, as Don indicated here, and I'm committed to serving Republic over the next 12 months. Don and I, along with, obviously, the board's input, will be working together to ensure a smooth and seamless transition. So with that, we'll go ahead and start the call. I'll turn it back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Tod. I will now review our first quarter financial performance before discussing our revised guidance for 2012. Revenue of approximately $2 billion. Core price growth in the quarter was 0.6%, with positive price in both collection and disposal businesses. Disposal includes MSW landfill price of 2.6%. Volumes increased by 0.2%. Our first quarter earnings per share was $0.38. Our adjusted free cash flow was $175 million. We repurchased 1 million shares in the first quarter for $31 million. We have approximately $620 million remaining under our authorization to return to our shareholders through 2013. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. Total cash returned to the shareholders was approximately $112 million during the first quarter. Some of our operational achievements during the first quarter include: Our safety performance continues to improve with a 4% favorable reduction in our frequency rate. We have closed on $65 million of acquisitions through April that represents $40 million of annual run rate revenue. These are highly accretive transactions and we expect to achieve the upper end of our acquisition range of $100 million. We have maintained our return on investment focus when reviewing the acquisition market. We continue to invest in fleet automation and converting the fleet to CNG. During the first quarter, we converted 67 routes to automated vehicles and placed 140 CNG vehicles in service. Our 2012 truck order includes 550 CNG vehicles, which is 65% of our total fleet order. We opened our renovated single stream recycling facility in Anaheim, California, which increases our recycling capacity in that market by 50,000 tons per year. I would like to thank our field operations for their continued support in executing our strategy of achieving profitable growth and maintaining a safe work environment. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. First quarter 2012 revenue, as Don indicated, was approximately $2 billion and reflects the following components of internal growth. First, core price growth of 0.6%. This level of core price was in line with our expectations that we spoke to in February for our first quarter. Core price is positive in both collection and disposal businesses, with slightly higher prices in the disposal business due to landfill MSW price increases of 2.6%. Within that component of our business, our third-party open market landfill customers were increasing the price in the range of 4% to 5%. We expected the first half of the year to be below 1% with prices rising modestly in the second half of the year as the impact from higher CPI base pricing takes hold on a restricted customer base. We still expect to see this increase in CPI-based pricing in the second half of the year, but we do see pressure on price levels from new business in the open market, and also, retention efforts in the open market and municipal segments. As a result, as Don will describe in more detail later, we now expect our full year 2012 price to be approximately 1%. Our fuel recovery fee was positive 0.5%. The increase in the fuel recovery fee relates to an increase in fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.97 in the first quarter of 2012 from $3.63 in the prior year. This is an increase of 9%. Our commodity revenue decrease was 0.8%. Commodity prices decreased 18% to an average price of $122 a ton in the first quarter of this year from $149 per ton in the prior year. Q1 recycling facility commodity volume of 508,000 tons was up 6.3% from the prior year and up 5.2% on a same-store basis. This volume increase compared to the prior year and was in line with our expectation. Our revised 2012 guidance is based upon current commodity prices of $120 per ton compared to our original guidance of $118 per ton. This provides a little bit of a tailwind, for reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity values equals approximately $0.03 of EPS. And that also includes the impact on our recycling facility and collection businesses. Now turning to volume, Q1 volume increased 20 basis points year-over-year. We continue to see volume improvements in the collection line of business. Q1 collection volume was negative 0.1%, and that improved 10 basis points over Q4 levels. Industrial volume was positive year-over-year, driven by a lot of construction activity, and commercial is only slightly negative. Disposal volumes were down 1.3% versus the prior year, which is made up of MSW tons at our transfer stations and landfills. This was partially offset by higher levels of landfill special waste volumes. Our Q1 2012 volume performance includes the impact of one more work day versus the prior year, which resulted in a 50 basis point increase in revenue. Now I'll discuss the first quarter year-over-year margin. First quarter 2012 adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.1% compared to 30.6% in the prior year, a 250 basis point decrease. This decline primarily relates to the following 4 items: First, maintenance and repairs. We saw a 90 basis point increase in expense that relates to an increase in the cost of tires across our supplier base, the refurbishing of containers versus purchasing new containers and upfront implementation costs associated with our One Fleet maintenance initiative. Our approach to repair versus replace containers results in a higher level of expense, but it's capital efficient and results in a lower total cash cost. We expect to work through discontinuing our inventory by the end of the year. Second, fuel. The unfavorable fuel expense increase of 60 basis points was due to the 9% increase in the cost of diesel. Our revised 2012 guidance is based upon current fuel cost of $4.13 per gallon compared to the original guidance of $3.86 per gallon. For reference purposes, a $0.10 change in diesel fuel per gallon is about $0.01 of EPS. And this also includes the impact of fuel recovery fees. The third margin factor is the work day increase. There is an approximate 60 basis point increase in expenses as a percentage of revenue associated with the additional work day in the quarter. This impact can be seen in almost all cost categories, but obviously, it's most notable in the labor expense. This results from the additional expense of servicing our customers one more day, where the revenue is, on many cases, on a fixed fee basis, and therefore, very little corresponding revenue increase. Finally, SG&A expenses. The 80 basis point increase in expense relates to investments in our sales force, which occurred throughout last year, and also, increased levels of bad debt expense partially offset by a reduction in consulting expenses. The 40 basis point increase in bad debt expense primarily relates to onetime recoveries realized in the prior year. SG&A expense at 11.2 % of revenue reflects the seasonality of our historically lowest revenue quarter of the year, as well as the highest level of payroll taxes that tend to max out earlier in the year. We expect full year SG&A expense to be slightly above 10% of revenue, which is fairly consistent with the prior year. Turning to our DD&A. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.8% this year versus 11.5% in the prior year. The 30 basis point increase in expense relates to a landfill liability adjustment recorded in the current quarter for a site that recently closed. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues due to the amortization of intangibles. Now I'll turn the call to Ed, who will discuss interest expense, taxes and free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Tod. First quarter 2012 interest expense was $104 million, which included $17 million of noncash amortization. As we previously stated, in the second quarter of 2012 we expect to call the notes due in June 2017. The interest benefit of this refinancing is included in our full year guidance. Our first quarter effective tax rate is favorably impacted by closing out state audits and changes in estimates on certain tax matters. We now expect our full year 2012 tax rate to be approximately 37%, but this will fluctuate by quarter. I will now discuss free cash flow. First quarter 2012 adjusted free cash flow was $175 million, which consisted of cash provided by operating activities of $334 million, less property and equipment received of $207 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $5 million, plus merger-related expenditures net of tax of $41 million, plus divestiture-related payments of $2 million. Therefore, adjusted free cash flow equals $175 million. Free cash flow timing tends to vary by quarter, in particular due to capital expenditures and changes in working capital. We expect to achieve the lower end of our full year guidance range of $775 million to $800 million. Now I'll talk about the balance sheet. At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $808 million, and our days sales outstanding was 37 days or 23 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.9 billion at March 31, and excess credit available under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Now I'll update our 2012 guidance. We expect adjusted free cash flow at the lower end of our original guidance of $775 million to $800 million. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.86 to $1.90, which is down from our original guidance of $1.98 to $2.02. Our EPS guidance is primarily impacted by lower-than-expected internal growth, higher fuel expense, implementation cost associated with our maintenance initiative and certain onetime costs. Our revised guidance assumes a normal seasonal earnings pattern of 47% to 48% in the first half of the year and the balance in the second half. We expect price to be approximately 1%. We expect full year volume performance to be flat, down from our original guidance of 0.5%. Our volume expectations are being negatively impacted primarily by 3 distinct MSW disposal locations and a large national account contract loss. EBITDA margins for the full year of 29.5% compared to our original guidance of 30.5%. We expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 37%. We will remain focused on executing our strategy, while improving return on capital through continued disciplined pricing; utilizing our ROI-based tools; growing the business through sales, acquisitions and investments in recycling and processing technology, protecting our profitable business that generates appropriate returns; managing our cost structure through programs designed to gain operational efficiencies, including fleet automation, CNG conversion and standardized managed practices; investing in our people through training and development and maintaining a safe and positive work environment, allowing us to continue to attract and retain top talent; also, enhancing our customer's experience with Republic by continuously improving service delivery and providing solutions to meet their changing demands and buying habits. At this time, operator, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And that first question comes from Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J. Levine: I guess my first question really would be, it's only been 2 months since you set guidance, so what's changed? I'm a little surprised to see things change this quickly, general speaking. So maybe I'll just -- without focusing in on price or cost or any particular item, just wondering how things could have changed or your view of the world could've changed this much this quickly.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I guess we need to talk about price and volume because that's a part of it. They're 2 of the major components there. When we built our business plan, as we do every year, we kind of consider how we see the world kind of exit speed Q4 and then what are we seeing at the time. We were finalizing the budget in January and setting guidance in February. At that time, we felt a little better about the economy than we do today. We thought we'd see a little more economic lift than we're seeing right now. We thought the pricing environment in the open market would improve a little bit. It really hasn't. We've maintained our -- the cadence of our pricing programs, so we're out in the general market. Pricing is frequently and is consistently as it were last year. Our price to customer was about 2.7% in the quarter. So that's continued. We've seen a continued pressure from the municipal segment in the sort of rollbacks in renewing business. That's pretty consistent with what we thought. And then this fleet initiative has cost us a little more than we figured. So that -- we talked about that quite a bit last year, Scott. In 2010, we decided we needed to focus more on fleet. We're about, I think, the 8th largest vocational fleet in the nation. And to take the customer service assurance and the productivity to the next level, we need to run our fleet consistently across the nation. We saw some disparity on how our fleets were operating. And so we designed this One Fleet program. We piloted last year. We began to roll it out late last year, and we've gone now and broadened that initiative here in the early part of '12. And what we're seeing is as we're -- the real main focus there of the fleet initiative is to move more to scheduled maintenance and less reactive maintenance to get to that level of productivity and customer service we're trying to achieve. And in order to do that, we've got to spend additional money, that's sort of a temporary adjustment, a little bit of a bow wave, if you will, to move to the level of a kind of world-class maintenance we want to run our fleet at. So rather than back off of it, we've decided to move forward with it even though it's going to cost us more this year. We're coming to you and letting you know that it's critical enough for us that we're going to adjust our guidance. We're going to move through the initiative over the next 3 years and become a world-class fleet.
Tod C. Holmes: Yes. Scott, where we look at it, obviously, as Don said, we saw this volume situation here late in the quarter and then this quarter, early in the fourth quarter and here in April. And again, when you look at the cost, as Don indicated, we think that we were seeing about 90 basis points of cost increases kind of on a year-over-year basis. And so that's probably around $0.12. And there's really, as Don said, 3 big items. We got the maintenance, which is the truck. It's also the container maintenance, which is probably worth about 5 to 10 basis points, which we'll work through this year. So while the maintenance might be with us for a couple of years, the container is probably just this year. We've got the fuel, which everyone is aware of, which is about $0.03 of earnings in an addition to a $0.04 in maintenance. And then we have landfill. We got higher leachate because of the warm weather in the Northeast, and we also had some other close site costs at one particular landfill, which we think are kind of a either current quarter or current year situation that should mitigate -- be mitigated next year.
Donald W. Slager: We've also seen 4 distinct volume impacts since we set our guidance that equal that 50 basis points.
Scott J. Levine: Got it. Okay. And then maybe as my follow-up, just to kind of understand this and really reconcile the change in guidance with the business environment that you're seeing. So it sounds like most of the revision is internal and programmatic as opposed to the business climate being what it is. But maybe if you could separate the business climate then from the program spending and talk a little bit about -- it sounds like, frankly, you've gotten more guarded on the business environment as the quarter's progressed. Is that an accurate interpretation? How conservative should we think of your guidance's being with regard to the business environment, which, from a macro perspective, seems to be stable, if not improving a little bit?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, I would say, we got $0.38 of earnings in the first quarter. And we think our guidance is realistic. Again, as Don indicated, and we said this repeatedly, our business is fairly predictable and we get about 46% to 48% of the earnings in the first half of the year, and 52% to 54% in the second half of the year. So early April, as we were closing out the first quarter, what we were seeing there plus what we were seeing in the competitive environment here in April as well is kind of a flatter economy than what we were expecting, led us to conclude that we weren't going to get the lift from the economy and that the competitive landscape was remaining maybe a little bit more competitive than we originally thought, whether it's in volume or in price, both those categories.
Operator: And our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: So the first question, I guess, just a little bit more on the competitive environment. So is there any change on how you would describe your behavior as far as how you're viewing price competitively?
Donald W. Slager: No. I think -- I mean, we've talked about this a lot. I know I mentioned it in my earlier comment. Our price to customers is running about 2.7%. There's always churn in the business. It's always a competitive business. Through all that churn and mix and service increase, decrease, new account, lost account, we end up posting this 0.6% price. So we're still actively pricing in the marketplace. If you look at our landfill pricing, price in the open market MSW is 4% to 5%. So for those people using our landfills in the open market, they're seeing continuously a 4% to 5% increase. So that's continuing. Having said that, we're not really gaining new accounts in the landfill, and we probably lost more open market landfill accounts than we've gained because we're not willing to subsidize competition. We're going to continue to raise landfill prices because the cost of owning people's trash infinito, you can't solve that by volume. You've got to charge a certain amount to get that return. So we've continued that consistent strategy and we're not going to change. Open market, we have our RPM pricing program. As we've talked about, in the open market about 1/12 of our customers receive a price increase a month in the open market. We work through a review of the cost and we look at what we think price elasticity is and we price our business. We also then have to go through a continuous effort of defending business. We got a good business, high margin business, so we got to defend, then we use our ROI tools and we have what we call a walk-away price. At some point, we won't keep a customer for less than what we think is a reasonable return. But we do defend vigorously. So our actions haven't changed from that perspective. One thing we started talking about last year, and that is understanding, by market, who's taking share at our expense. And today, we're very good at understanding, by market, who's taking share at our expense, and we have a sales staff that is targeted at saving business from those, call it, predators, and also making sure that we're selling accordingly into their lines of business. Because we can't just simply watch share leave as the total pie really isn't growing very much. So that all impacts churn. But again, we're very consistently using our ROI tools, our whole strategy and our compensation programs, and personally, the out-of-pie [ph] philosophy is very grounded in ROI. But we've got a good -- we always fight a good competitive fight. On the volume side, I mentioned 50 basis points of volume that we expected to maintain and has already gone away in the year. We lost a large national account, which is about $25 million reported revenue this year or about 30 basis points of that 50 basis points. And then we've lost 3 -- or we know we've lost 2 disposal contracts that we've contracted with municipalities. Those were based on price. Somebody decided to undercut us on the price and we weren't willing to lower our price of the landfills for that business. The last piece of that is, as you guys are familiar with, L.A. The Puente Hills Landfill has got a scheduled closing date. They have gotten even more aggressive on attracting volume because they're going to walk away from air space. And so that market has just further been depressed over the last 30 or 60 days, and so we just can't close our eyes to those volume adjustments. Those volumes are gone. And we dont necessarily think we can make them up. We're not just going to chase volume to do that. We've got to be reasonable and responsible. So a long answer to your question, Corey, but I think our approach to the business hasn't changed. We may be tougher than ever as far as defending business, and we're certainly a little more prescriptive, understanding who's taking share at our expense.
Corey Greendale: Okay. So I appreciate all that detail and on -- I also appreciate detail on the cost side. Can you just, on the cost side, help us think through a little bit more specifically about what portion of the lower margin guidance is really attributable to nonrecurring costs or things that won't be there at least in 2013?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I think that the majority of it is, I would say the fuel and fuel-related, which is maybe about 1/3 of that 90 basis points, could be with us on an ongoing basis. The other items, which are about 60 basis points, would be either dropping off this year, or in the case of our fleet initiative, that's probably about -- that's like a '13 and '14 type of timeframe for us with -- that will continue on as we roll through our larger shops into our medium-sized and smaller shops across the country. So that's a multi-year situation. But again, we should be harvesting the value out of that here through fewer road calls and a more efficient fleet in the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: The predators that you referred to, Don, could you give us a feel -- are they becoming more predatory, more competitive, recently? And if so, is it your expectation that, that's going to continue or do you think they're eventually going to have to get more disciplined given their own cost pressures?
Donald W. Slager: Well, I can't speak for them, right? I don't think necessarily the small haulers have gotten more competitive or more active. Again, the whole pie really isn't growing, so they want to keep their trucks on the street. We're-- one of the things we're adjusting our guidance off of is fuel, right? We're paying $4.16 a gallon for fuel today. Some of these small haulers like to sell no fees, and I don't know how they adjust their pricing and make any money if they're not raising prices at some point with this high fuel cost. So we'd like to think that we'd see a little more price activity there, but again, I can't speak on their behalf. So -- and we have seen some spots in some markets where things have gotten more competitive by, I would say, across the board, both large and small, even a couple of national companies that have been maybe overly opportunistic in a couple of spots. I mentioned those couple of big MSW disposal contracts we lost. We were a little surprised that -- at the rates that those contracts were let for. So the national account I spoke of, our margins were very, very thin there. We enjoyed a 7-year relationship with that national account. We did a lot of good work for them, continued to reduce their price, build their efficiency, recycle more waste, and we were a little surprised by what happened there. And when we met with them, it was just strictly a price issue. And we just weren't willing to lower price any further. So we're going to continue to be diligent raising prices, as I said before. We're going to safeguard our infrastructure. We're not going to give it away to undercapitalized competitors and we're going to continue to fight hard in the marketplace. So that's the state of the business. And obviously, I think a lot of this is resolved if the economy does take off and some of the things you read about actually come true, but we don't have that crystal ball. So if the economy improves, we think market behavior improves, and then we think -- I think we all win from that.
Vance Edelson: Okay, got it. And then another question that's also related to the competitive landscape. Is the M&A pipeline robust because smaller players are putting their hands up more than they used to? Or is it because you've gotten more aggressive in pursuing these targets? Or is it a little of both?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I don't know, I think it's tax planning. I think it's succession planning. And we've got many, many stories from some of our sellers. They want to move on to a different part of their life. They're concerned about taxes and the change in tax law. There's a lot of different stores there. But we think it's a robust pipeline. And as we said before, we think we can take advantage of kind of a steady diet of acquisitions over the next several years in  and around the $100 million a year range at a very good multiple. It's a very good use of our cash and there are some very nice businesses out there that we're going to be looking at over that period of time. So we've had a lot of good success and we'll continue that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: Can we talk a little bit about the sort of things that are happening in the macro marketplace? And I'm probably going to exceed my 2 question thing as we do this, but let's try. We're hearing special waste activity has now settled into normal routine special waste ex stimulus-driven. If you're in the right geographies, there is oil field waste activity. MSW has kind of found a level, but it's not really recovering, it's just kind of hanging. When you listen to other calls and talk to private players and what have you, what's your view of that kind of environment?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, Michael. Special waste is good for us. It's relatively flat to last year. We are getting our fair share of the natural gas drilling waste. Again, 2 or 3 years ago, we had none, we had no revenue from that business. Today, it's a nice little business for us, we focus on it. But as you said, we're not in all geographies. So what's going on in North Dakota is kind of a neat story and a headline, but we're not in North Dakota so we don't get to take advantage of that volume. The rolloff business has been decent for us. We've talked about the industrial strengths we saw last year in coming through Q4. We just haven't necessarily seen it get stronger. People ask me, what about automotive? And frankly, we're not a big player in automotive. The margins in that business tend to be very small, automotive companies tend to be sort of very aggressive purchasers of services, and it's not been a big segment for us. So I can't really speak to that. Construction, we had a good seasonal -- I mean, more than expected seasonal activity and temp rolloff in Q1, but we also had no winter. So we're not going to hang our hat on that thinking that's the baseline to go forward from. We have -- we think some belief that some of that was pull forward, roofing jobs, slight constructions for some early spring cleanup. So we're not so sure about what that means yet for the year. And as you know, we don't really see true seasonality until May and June, and that's when we can really tell you what's happening there. Commercial is kind of flattish, still a little bit down, and we've had improving volume for a lot of sequential quarters in the collection business. We just haven't been able to come over the top and turn positive yet. So I don't think -- I don't know if the economy is getting worse, but it's not -- I don't really see it getting too much better and it's certainly not getting as when we posted original guidance. We thought it was getting a little better at more of a rapid rate. So some of this is about velocity of change. And we're just -- we're not willing to go further in the year with our former guidance based on what we're seeing today.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then understanding the 150 basis point impact in EBITDA on the revised guidance...
Tod C. Holmes: It's 100 basis points. It's [indiscernible] 30.5 to 29.5, with 19 basis points of that coming out of cost. Commodities is a positive 20 basis points. And then dropping the price is probably a negative 30 basis points from, say, 1.5% down to about 1%. That's kind of how we get to 100 basis points. And the first quarter's margin is obviously driven very much by the normal seasonal makeup of the business as we described earlier.
Michael E. Hoffman: Right. So I guess part of the question I was going to -- and thank you for that information, to ask about the maintenance -- the 4 items you identified earlier, the maintenance, fuel, work day and SG&A, the maintenance and the work day would have seemed to have been known back on February 9, where I get the fuel and the SG&A were maybe things that can happen later in the quarter, but...
Tod C. Holmes: Well, the maintenance wasn't really known. I think that this is something that has continued to evolve as we've gone from a few pilot locations to a broader rollout.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's a thing you've got to understand, Michael, we fanned out here, right? So we've gained speed and traction. So we went from a handful of facilities, and now, we're multiplying them with facilities we're touching, and that's where we started to see this thing ramp up. And again, we could've -- we could make 2 choices, right? We could say, hey, stop, slow down. But again, as I said earlier, we believe we've got to get through this. We believe -- as you know, I mean, look at our operating cost, we're -- we've got strong margins, we're good operators. To get to the next level of efficiency and customer experience, we need to have better fleet reliability. And then that part of that is moving to, as I said, more programmatic maintenance and planned maintenance versus reactive maintenance. And what that means is you've got to sort of move through that phase. And so there's a little bit of sort of maintenance catch up to get you to that point where your fleet availability and uptime improves, your road calls decrease and you're really doing planned maintenance. And so that's -- it's a lot of work, it's a real high touch, real high change, change management process, but we don't think we can put it off. We think we need to move through it and I think it's going to pay dividends in a lot of ways: customer experience, productivity, driver morale, even frankly, mechanic retention. Mechanics are hard to come by. Good mechanics want to work for a company that takes maintenance seriously the way we are, and it's all going to pay dividends. Just it's going to take some time and we've got to make the investment. So I mean it's the right thing to do and we didn't feel it was a good thing to say, "Hey, this is harder than we thought, a little more expensive, let's stop." And we think that, frankly, would've negatively impacted the morale of the business and the future of the business.
Tod C. Holmes: Michael, I mean you have a good question there in terms of our visibility, I guess, a couple of months ago. And again, when you look at this, we've got an impact of about $0.06 in price. And that's something that has really just emerged here, I would say, in the last 30 days to 45 days at the most. And then the volume is the same sort of thing. I mean, that's just a very current thing that we're realizing. The commodity is, obviously, a positive. That's about $0.03. And then when you look at this $0.12 of cost increase.  The fuel, we didn't anticipate. We were very explicit in the guidance there. I think the maintenance for containers was something, as Don indicated, is something that has evolved recently, and the container maintenance is just a smart thing to do from a cash standpoint. So a lot of these costs are things that are more current in nature. Now we also have some positive things. Our original tax guidance was 39%. And in interest also, I think the credit markets are probably a little bit more favorable. So we've got a little bit of a benefit, we think, on taxes and also on interest. And in fact, as -- we've got a number of open tax years. We got 3 cycles, we've got some other planning issues and opportunities. So we may do a little bit better than that. But again, these are things that have recently unfolded. And we, frankly, Don and I talked about, should we adjust the guidance now or should we wait until mid-summer, which is our traditional practice. And our feeling was with the $0.38 first quarter and our knowledge that something dramatic would have to change in the second half of the year to meet the guidance, and the fact is, there's a rhythm to the quarterly earnings in this business, absent some external influence. We felt that it was appropriate to be upfront and direct there with the guidance rather than waiting until July.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, again, historically, and as we said, we're going to earn 47%, 48% in the first half and the remainder in the second half. And there's not enough change in the macro situation to generate that additional earning. There has been these couple of big volume losses that we've experienced here just recently that we have to sort of admit to ourselves. And then there's a couple of decisions that we made to continue to spend appropriately on these other initiatives.
Tod C. Holmes: And then one other thing I'd say on the cost side is the landfill costs are up. We saw a lot of leachate in the Midwest and the Northeast. And one of the questions is "Well, gee, does that mean that leachate in the second quarter is going to be less?" Well, it continues to rain in the second quarter and we felt that while that's a onetime item, it doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to be lower later on. So that's in our guidance also.
Donald W. Slager: Michael, I would just tell you, we tell you what we know when we know it. And that's what we did when we did guidance. We do every year, that's what we're doing now. And then we'll work through it and then we'll keep you informed.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: I'll just echo Michael's comments. And I just -- to totally beat the maintenance to death, but I just want to understand the rollout to the facilities, to your major facilities, does that kind of continue to ramp up through the year? I was just trying to understand kind of when that might inflect down. And are you -- will you still be ramping up next year?
Donald W. Slager: Okay. You know what, great question. So the plan as we have it today is that we would impact 40% of our fleet this year, right? It would be landing in the divisions that represent 40% of our trucks, another 30% in '13, another 30% in '14. We may ebb and flow that sort of depending on progress, but that's rough numbers, right? So what we're seeing is kind of a 9-month hill decline there of some additional expense to get to that promised land of scheduled maintenance and so on. And so that's what we're experiencing. And we're seeing that in Q1 and we think that's how it's going to progress throughout the year. So we -- that's it. Within 3 years, we'll be through it. And then we'll be gaining benefit throughout the rollout at some point as these divisions get certified and are operating at a new level of performance, we'll begin to benefit from the productivity gains and so on and so forth. Some of our test divisions that have been through it last year, we've seen the improvement in things like inventory, driver morale, turnover where's a lot of good benefits. Some of them a little softer than others, but that's the cadence we're on.
Tod C. Holmes: And the other thing I would say, Bill, is we're managing the business for the long-term. We know this is the right thing to do. And while it's difficult to swallow, this additional $18 million, $19 million of cost this year, it's important that we stay the course. And we're committed to that.
William H. Fisher: Okay. And  just unrelated though and kind of a  minor thing, but on that -- the 60 basis points of price on that collection side, were you still negative on the residential side?
Tod C. Holmes: $0.06. Price was 30 basis points on the margin. $0.06 of earnings.
Donald W. Slager: I think he's talking about reported [indiscernible].
Tod C. Holmes: Oh, I'm sorry.
William H. Fisher: Reported price, yes.
Tod C. Holmes: E. Reported, okay.
William H. Fisher: So a little color on, like, was residential still negative, just how that was kind of comprised?
Donald W. Slager: Well, a little color, I guess, collection -- total collection's positive. Commercial is still a little negative. Industrial is positive. Residential is actually positive this quarter. So again, landfill again was a bright spot. I know you didn't ask me that, but I'll tell you again, landfill was the 2.6% total or 3.4% for the quarter. So 3.4% total, and MSW was 2.6%. So we had good special waste pricing as well. We had -- not only did we maintain our special waste volumes, but we saw price go up in special waste for the quarter. So that was nice to have.
Operator: And our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: On the -- related to the maintenance, I saw there was a small acquisition in the quarter, or at least $20 million, I think, was the cash acquisition price. Is that related to the recycling initiatives? Or what type of -- could you just shed a little color on what are the minor acquisitions?
Tod C. Holmes: No, that was tuck-in acquisitions. We did talk about $65 million of acquisition price and $40 million of revenue through April because we had probably the largest single transaction that we've done this year close on -- it was on, I think, April 2. So what we've been buying this year are tuck-in acquisitions on the hauling side.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's right. Again, just to say, we're not -- not to say that all of our acquisitions will be collection or hauling. I mean, we are looking at some other recycling-based infrastructure, et cetera. But so far this year, it's been in collection.
Tod C. Holmes: And  we've got a strong pipeline there. So we are -- again, our original guidance there was $50 million to $100 million of purchase price. We're at about $65 million with a strong pipeline ahead of us.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Is there any pullback from the recycling, multiyear, top 25 market initiatives? Or where are you at in that thought process?
Donald W. Slager: No pullback. Again, we do believe that the waste stream is changing, that customer demand is changing. And I'll just use a minute here to remind everybody. There are some very interesting things that we look at that are very global macro across the whole company. But when we look at investing in the business and recycling, we look very distinctly at the marketplace. And we have 240 distinct, unique markets across Republic Services. And those markets are changing at different speeds. And we're -- it's our job to understand what's changing and the velocity to change. So we have, earmarked again, about 10% of those markets, or 25 markets, that we think we'll invest in over the next 5 years. And it's kind of a dynamic list. There are some things moving up and down in that list of 25. But we're on track to make investments in about 5 markets this year. As I said, we just completed in Q1 the renovation of our Anaheim facility, which will increase our recycling capacity there. Our recycling tons in total are up in Q1, 5% same-store, right? So that is part of the business that's growing. And we can't deny that customer demand is changing, and we need to be in that space so we can provide all those solutions in or around the waste stream that our customers need, and we're committed to doing that.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: On the large national account. I guess when your competitor made the announcement on the acquisition, there was some value or amount that was a so-called potentially-at-risk on revenue. Are we -- have you cleared all of that, what you view at-risk with the definition of value-at-risk as maybe something you know about or something that's coming up for contract negotiation?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, Al, we've disclosed everything that we know about as far as all these contracts.
Donald W. Slager: Right. As you can appreciate, Al, every year, we enter in a business plan and we have contracts that are being renewed. And we have to look at trends in the business. We've got to look at how far we think we are along in extension negotiations. And we've got to then sort of budget an amount. And we think we're going to retain x% of these customers. We already know we're on the -- well down the path to retain certain ones. Some are more at-risk, and we budget for a certain amount of business loss, business gains, service reduction. We have to obviously take a stab at that. In the case of this large national store, again, we -- as I said, we had a 7-year relationship that we thought was very strong. We've done a lot of good work for the client. And when we put our budget together, we were convinced, frankly, that we're going to extend the business based on the work we've done, and we were wrong. There was something else afoot, and there was somebody with a dramatically different price structure, apparently, than we had. That happens, and that's the nature of that.
Tod C. Holmes: Yes. And the only thing I would say is we've got a very strong pro forma discipline for either bids or acquisitions, which we've applied to this large account. We know what our investment is, we know what the returns are. And with an existing customer, we would want to retain it, so we might stretch there because we know the risks. We know what the waste stream is. But when you get to the point where it becomes a little bit irrational, we have to have a walk away. And that's what we did.
Donald W. Slager: When you're an incumbent, you tend to know all the costs. And so, we still believe in the national accounts' business. We've got a decent pipeline of opportunities, both nationally and regionally, that we're working on. And we've got many, many national account clients that we're working very diligent with on managing their waste stream and so forth. So we're continuing to do the work and it's just, again, as we've said before, it's a competitive business. It always has been, it always will be. And sometimes, a couple of these things take you by surprise.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Then if I may, finally -- sorry for the multiple question part. But on the margin front, EBITDA in particular, given some of these falloffs and walk away from and contract issues, it would suggest given that they were multiyear contracts or relationships, that -- and the lack of volume in the market, that the opportunity for margin expansion beyond even '12 at the moment is going to be something you got your work cut out for you.
Donald W. Slager: Well, we thought -- remember what Don said earlier. We have a whole series of other initiatives that will give us multiyear margin expansion. So when you look at automation, when you look at CNG, when we look at this maintenance initiative, which -- well, its a little bit of a headwind, that we'll get over that hurdle. So there are some productivity operating opportunities there and we are continuing to price increase. So some of what we're seeing on the margin is kind of short term in the quarter, which affects the full year. Some are kind of annual in basis or in the maintenance situation, in fuel, it's a little bit longer term. But there are opportunities to expand the margin.
Tod C. Holmes: Sure. Al, I mentioned in my comments, our safety frequency improved by 4.4% again in the quarter. We've deployed more automation. We ended last year at 59% of our resi fleet was automated. Our goal this year is to get it to 63%, I think. Ultimately, we'll get it over 80%. We're going to continue to invest accordingly and that CNG is a good investment for us. Our overall headcount in Q1 was less than it was in Q4. So we are obviously good cost managers. We're tracking those kind of metrics across the business, and the strategy, really, the company hasn't changed, and that's it in a nutshell.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today and we'll now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Well, thank you, Gabby. In closing, I'd like to thank the entire Republic team for their continued hard work and dedication in the first quarter. We remain focused on the business fundamentals required to improve our return on invested capital and further position our company to grow across all lines of business. As a reminder, a recording of this call will be available through May 3, 2012, by calling (203) 369-1833 and using a passcode of 4589. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live web. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services' conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you, Holly. Welcome, good afternoon and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO, and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter and full year performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 9, 2012. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. I am pleased to report our fourth quarter and full year performance met and exceeded our guidance. Before discussing our fourth quarter achievements, I will review our financial performance. Revenue of $2 billion for the quarter and $8.2 billion for the full year. Total price growth in the quarter was 1.5%, with core price up 0.6%, including MSW landfill price of about 3%. Volumes increased by 0.2% excluding the impact of fewer workdays. Our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.53. Full year adjusted earnings per share was $1.96. Our fourth quarter adjusted free cash flow was $208 million. Our full year adjusted free cash flow was $909 million, which exceeded our guidance. We repurchased 1 million shares in the fourth quarter for $29 million. During the past 12 months, we repurchased 15.7 million shares or 4% of our stock for $460 million. We have $650 million remaining under our authorization to return to our shareholders over the next 2 years. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. Total cash returned to the shareholders was approximately $770 million during 2011. Based on our current market capitalization, this represents a 7% cash yield. During the fourth quarter, we settled with the IRS on the legacy Allied exchange of partnership tax issue. This settlement allowed Republic to reduce tax reserves in the quarter. Our field organization continues to target profitable growth and effectively manage our cost structure. In the fourth quarter, we saw a 20 basis point sequential improvement in our total Collection volumes. Our industrial Collection volumes were positive on a year-over-year basis for the quarter and for the full year. Our cost of operations as a percentage of revenue was flat on a year-over-year basis after adjusting for the impact of higher fuel expense. SG&A expense was 10.6% in the quarter and 10.1% for the full year. Our safety performance continues to improve with a 4.5% favorable reduction in our frequency rate. Some of our operational achievements during 2011 include: we increased the automated portion of our residential fleet by 8%. 59% of our residential fleet is now automated, which exceeded our year-end goal. We continue to invest in our CNG fleet and natural gas infrastructure, with 6% of our fleet now operating on natural gas. In 2012, we expect about 65% of the trucks we purchase to be fueled by CNG. We increased recycling capacity by investing $46 million in developing and upgrading our recycling centers in 2011 and are planning on spending an additional $60 million in 2012. These investments will add approximately 12% of incremental recycling volume over the next 18 months. These are new tons to the company that were not previously delivered to a Republic recycling facility or disposal site. I would like to thank our field operations for their continued support in executing our strategy of achieving profitable growth and maintaining a safe working environment. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter 2011 revenue, as Don said, was approximately $2 billion. This reflects the following components of internal growth: core price growth, up positive 0.6%; commercial and industrial price was on average up 1%, with residential remaining more competitive due to the municipal and franchise contract pricing environment and also the lagging impact of prior year's CPI. Since our price on index-based contracts tends to lag, we are impacted by the lower CPI environment of 2010, which has not fully anniversaried. Given the current CPI environment, we expect index-based pricing to modestly improve in the second half of 2012. Landfill price was up 2.5% -- 2.9%. This is consistent with the third quarter. Within that component of our business are also third-party open market landfill customers where we are increasing price in the range of 4% to 5%. Our fuel recovery fee increased 1%. The increase in fuel recovery fee relates to an increase in fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.87 in the fourth quarter of 2011 from $3.14 in the prior year. This is an increase of 23%. The current price of fuel is relatively constant with the fourth quarter at $3.86 per gallon. Our guidance assumes that fuel prices will remain at this level during 2012. Turning to commodity revenue. This decreased by 0.1%. Commodity prices actually decreased 9% to an average price of $125 per ton in the fourth quarter from $137 per ton in the prior year. Fourth quarter recycling facility commodity volume of 509,000 tons was up 13% from the prior year and up 6% on a same-store basis. Our current commodity prices are about $118 per ton, and our 2012 guidance assumes that commodity prices will remain at this level. Now recently, there has been volatility in the commodity markets. I'd like to take some time to discuss our recycling business in further detail and provide the impact of changing commodity prices on our business. We generate third-party revenue from the sale of about 4.1 million tons of recyclables per year from our material recycling facilities, or MRFs, and also from our collection companies that sell materials to third-party processors. Our MRFs process and sell approximately 2 million tons of recyclable materials per year. Of the materials we sell, approximately 70% are fiber-based, including cardboard, newsprint and mixed office paper; and 30% are other recyclables, including metals, plastics and organics. For reference purposes, at current volumes, a $10 per ton change in commodity prices at our MRFs translates into approximately $20 million of annual revenue and $0.02 of earnings per share. Now in addition to our MRFs, our Collection operations directly collect and deliver 2.1 million tons of recycling material to third-party processors each year. This includes recycling services for industrial, commercial and residential customers. For our materials delivered to third-party MRFs, we generally earn a rebate based upon a percentage of the ultimate commodity sale. For reference purposes, a $10 per ton change in commodity prices translates into approximately $7 million of annual revenue and $0.01 of earnings per share within our Collection line of business. So in total, including our MRF and our Collection operations, a $10 per ton change in commodity prices results in approximately a $27 million change in annual revenue and a $0.03 change in earnings per share. Let's turn to volume for a moment. Excluding the impact of fewer workdays in the fourth quarter, volumes increased by 20 basis points year-over-year. We continue to see volume improvements in the Collection line of business. Fourth quarter Collection volumes of negative 0.2% improved 20 basis points sequentially from the third quarter. Industrial volumes is positive year-over-year, and Commercial is only slightly negative. Our disposal volumes, consisting of landfill and transfer activity, were up 0.2% versus the prior year. As expected, special waste was negative in the quarter compared to the prior year due to the high levels of special waste volumes in the fourth quarter of 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2011, there was approximately one less work day, as I mentioned earlier, which resulted in a 40 basis point decline in revenue. Now let me talk to margins in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. Fourth quarter 2011 adjusted EBITDA margin was 29.8% compared to 30.5% in the prior year, a 70 basis point decline mostly related to the impact of fuel and commodity. The components of the margin change are as follows: first, transfer and disposal costs. The 50 basis point improvement here relates to decreased disposal expense and is primarily due to the redirection of waste streams into lower-cost sites. Maintenance and repairs. We saw a 50 basis point increase in expense here, and this relates to an increase in the cost of tires across our supplier base and also refurbishing containers versus purchasing new containers. This resulted in a higher container expense -- repair expense at a lower cash cost. Fuel. The unfavorable fuel expense increase of 100 basis points was due to the 23% increase in the cost of diesel, which I discussed earlier. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel costs was an increase in related fuel recovery fee, and this resulted in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of about 30 basis points. Next, our landfill operating costs. The 40 basis point improvement in here relates to a reduction in remediation expenses. In the prior year fourth quarter, there were charges for environmental matters that did not repeat in the current year. Next is recycling cost of goods sold. The 20 basis point increase in expense here relates to increased rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold increased to an average of $41 per ton from $40 per ton in the prior year. Additionally, commodity revenue decreased, which resulted in a decreased spread of approximately $13 per ton. Now cost of goods sold tends to lag the change in commodity revenue, which negatively impacts our spread when prices are falling. The net impact was a 10 basis point decline in EBITDA margin. And finally, our SG&A expense. SG&A expense was 10.6% of revenue, an improvement of 30 basis points from the prior year after excluding cost to achieve synergies. The reduction relates to expenses in the prior year for legal settlements. Full year 2011 SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 10.1%, and looking ahead to 2012, we would expect full year SG&A expense to be approximately 10%. Finally, DD&A as a percentage of revenue was 11.5% in the current year versus 11.1% in the prior year. The 40 basis point increase in expense relates to a favorable landfill liability adjustment that occurred in the prior year. DD&A continues to be higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles. Ed will now discuss interest expense, taxes and free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Tod. Q4 2011 interest expense was $105 million, which included $17 million of noncash amortization. In 2012, we expect to call the notes due in June 2017. Our EPS guidance includes the favorable impact of refinancing this debt, with total interest expense of approximately $395 million to $405 million. This includes noncash interest of about $60 million. Our guidance excludes any premiums paid or debt discounts written off in connection with early extinguishments. Our Q4 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by settling Allied's 2000 to 2003 tax years with the IRS. The settlement was finalized in December and included Allied's 2002 exchange of partnership interest matter. We expect a full year 2012 tax rate of approximately 39%, which will fluctuate by quarter. I will now discuss free cash flow. Full year 2011 adjusted free cash flow was $909 million, which consisted of cash provided by operating activities of $1,767,000,000, less property and equipment received of $886 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $35 million, plus merger-related expenditures net of tax of $9 million, plus divestiture-related tax payments of $17 million, less cash tax benefit from debt extinguishment of $33 million. Therefore, adjusted free cash flow equals $909 million. As noted in our 8-K, we expect 2012 adjusted free cash flow in the range of $775 million to $800 million. The decrease from 2011 is due to a $140 million increase in cash taxes mostly related to the impact of bonus depreciation. In 2012, bonus depreciation drops to 50% from 100% in 2011. Since bonus depreciation is an acceleration of a tax deduction, the cash tax benefit claimed in any given year reverses in future years. We expect cash taxes as a percentage of provision included in our adjusted free cash flow to be approximately 80% in 2012. After adjusting for the change in bonus depreciation and lower commodity prices, 2012 adjusted free cash flow is growing in the mid-single digit range when compared to 2011. Balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $826 million, and our days sales outstanding was 37 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.9 billion at December 31, and our excess credit available under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. In 2012, we will remain focused on executing our strategy while improving return on capital through continued disciplined pricing that exceeds cost increases utilizing our ROI-based tools; growing the business through organic growth, acquisitions and investments in recycling and processing technology; managing our cost structure through programs designed to gain operational efficiencies, including fleet automation, CNG conversion and standardized maintenance practices; investing in our people through training and development and maintaining a safe and positive work environment, allowing us to continue to attract and retain top talent; enhancing our customer's experience with Republic by continuously improving service delivery and providing solutions to meet their changing demands and buying habits. Before we move into Q&A, I'll provide 2012 financial guidance. We expect 2012 adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.98 to $2.02. Our guidance assumes that fuel and recycled commodity prices will remain at current levels for the full year. We anticipate 2012 free cash flow in the range of $775 million to $800 million. We expect annual revenue growth of 1.5% to 2%, with core price improving 1% to 1.5% and volume improving by approximately 0.5%. Our EBITDA margin guidance is 30.5%. 2012 capital is expected to be $860 million. At this time, operator, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is on pricing, on your pricing guidance. Does the guidance of 1.5% bake in the fact that you're going to reprice the business that you guys did not price, if you will, last year? And maybe if you could also tell us what CPI adjustment pricing bakes in? And any pickup in C&D you guys are baking into that 1.5%, or are you baking that business to be flat?
Donald W. Slager: Okay. Hamzah, we'll try to break this out for you. Well first, you mentioned in your question pricing the customers that we did not price last year, and for practical purposes, we are reviewing every customer in our book of business at least once annually. Those customers are either coming up through a contract situation that has an escalator clause on an annual basis, or they're part of our RPM process where we're reviewing roughly 1/12 of our customer base in the open market every month. So we're reviewing and potentially adjusting every customer throughout the year. Having said that, as you know, we've had some price compression in the area of municipal contracts. We've been rolling back a little bit of price to keep some of that business in various markets. Now going forward, we're going to continue that practice. So in 2012, we're going to maintain that focus on RPM and that monthly cadence that we talk about. Of course, we're going to have those contracts coming due throughout the year just as they do every year, and we'll have the benefit of CPI starting to roll through those contracts based on the higher CPI prices. You know it takes 12 or 18 months for that to occur. Having said all that, if we get a little bit of a better economy, that certainly helps the pricing atmosphere and customer sensitivity as well. So what we've got here is this pricing range that kind of predicts that the first half of the year is going to be somewhat below -- somewhere below 1%, and the second half of the year is going to be somewhere below 2% but approaching and we're going to be ramping up throughout the year based on how these contracts roll through. So that's the pricing outlook for '12.
Hamzah Mazari: All right. That's very helpful. And just a follow-up question, maybe for Ed, is just on the tax benefit with the Allied settlement. What's the EPS impact or benefit for the tax during the quarter?
Edward A. Lang: For the tax impact in the fourth quarter, the impact was about $0.10 of EPS. So we're -- the adjusted EPS was $0.53. It would have been $0.43 without the tax benefit related to the audit settlements.
Tod C. Holmes: I'd also mention commodities.
Edward A. Lang: And then if you look at it, obviously with the -- between the time we got on the call in October and year end, we probably saw about a $0.02 headwind from commodities because we didn't see the price decline in the domestic markets for fiber until November, which was after the time we were on the earnings call in October. So you look at what the price decline was in the quarter after the call, it was about a $0.02 headwind. So if you wanted to adjust it for that, we would've done about $0.45.
Operator: Next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analyst (sic) [Analysis].
Corey Greendale: Question about the general pricing environment. I realize that the business doesn't turn on a dime. And I know -- I hear your comments about the municipal pricing environment. But could you just speak kind of directionally, are you seeing that getting tougher, better or sideways?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, your first comment was right on. The business doesn't change very quickly. We would characterize it as being very similar to last year. We certainly don't see any change in behavior of the larger companies. The publicly traded companies tend to have a pretty keen focus on this from our perspective. And otherwise, their pricing environments had sort of changed market to market. But generally speaking, we're still seeing a little pressure in the resi business regarding large contract renewals, and we're still out in the marketplace, as I said, answering Hamzah's question, keeping the same cadence and focus that we did in '11 and we're in the market every month.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And my second question's actually on acquisitions. I saw in the guidance, you're guiding to about 50 basis points in acquisitions, which is a little more than you've been doing. Is that -- is there's something you've done recently that's contributing there? Or are you assuming future acquisitions? And can you just speak generally to your outlook on and expectations for acquisitions in 2012?
Donald W. Slager: You're right, Corey. It's a little more, but it's kind of marginal. We're saying that for '12, we're going to spend between $50 million and $100 million and that's in our cash flow projection. So that will come in sporadically throughout the year, but we've got a pretty good pipeline. The strategy hasn't changed. We're still looking at tuck-ins. So existing markets, we're not looking to expand outside of our market footprint. We're just looking to build the 240 markets that we have stronger, and that's where we'll live in 2012.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Levine with JPMC.
Scott J. Levine: The question, I think you said that you expect the CPI-linked pricing to improve modestly in the back half of the year. Just trying to get a better sense of what modestly means and whether we really should think of pricing kind of being flat. I know you guided in quarters, but stable at these levels, stabilizing the first half and then ramping in the back half. Or do you expect it to kind of go up from here? Just trying to maybe separate the impact of CPI length from what you guys would guide to for a purely competitive price.
Edward A. Lang: Well, I mean how the CPI works for the first 6 months of 2012, you're really still living on the CPI that was printed in calendar '10, so that was about 1.5%. So in many of the restricted price contracts that we have, that's kind of the core price. Now every contract is unique and it could be modestly different from that level. But essentially, we're still living on the 2010 very low CPI for the first half of this year. Then starting in the second half, some of the contracts where we set in July and others where we set in October, we'll start to see the higher CPI that was from calendar '11, which is in the 3% neighborhood. So that's why, as Don mentioned, what we'll see as far as the progression of pricing during the course of the year, that pricing will probably be a little bit lower than 1% during the first half of the year, quite similar to what we saw in the second half of '11. And then beginning in the third quarter, as we start to see the higher calendar '11 CPI reflected in the resets, that's why we'll be above 1%, and then as we go through the second half of the year, be exiting the year in the 2% neighborhood.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Remember, Scott, that's why we're always saying 12- to 18-month lag. Some of these contracts reset trailing 12 months. Some of them reset point in time, year-over-year, and we've even got a couple that reset on last year calendar basis. And so it's that 12- to 18-month lag that works -- working our way through, so we're going to steadily kind of climbing out of that trough.
Scott J. Levine: And could you comment -- it would be a similar proportionate increase there Q2 to Q3 and then Q3 to Q4 where more of the contracts reset midyear and you have more of a step up then.
Edward A. Lang: It's kind of spread throughout the second half of the year. So I would say yes, you'd probably -- it's kind of a 2-step process as we actually work our way through the year. It doesn't all step up July.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, but just back to the comment I made earlier. Think about the range being 1% to 1.5%, that's sort of averaging up. So something less than 1% in the first half, something less than 2% or approaching 2% in the second half, and that's kind of the way we're looking at how this ramps up.
Scott J. Levine: Got it. And a follow-up on volume environment. I know you highlighted a couple contracts that you won last quarter in California and Florida. Are those meaningful in terms of basis point contribution of volumes? And/or what are you seeing in terms of general volume environment with folks getting a little bit more upbeat in the economy these days?
Edward A. Lang: I would say the largest contract that we called out on the last call was San Jose, and that starts up in July. So that doesn't start up until midyear. Some of the other contracts are gearing up here in the early part of the year. So we'll start to see some of the volume impact, but again, it's a little bit more noticeable come July 1 because of all the contracts, San Jose is the largest.
Scott J. Levine: Collectively, could that get to 50? I mean, is it 50 basis points, 100 basis points? Or is that too large in terms of the impact?
Edward A. Lang: For all the contracts you're talking about?
Scott J. Levine: Yes.
Edward A. Lang: Yes, I would say it's probably about 40 basis points.
Donald W. Slager: And I'll keep this in mind too. I'm sure someone will ask this question anyways. We've got this roll off of the Oakleaf-Waste Management business, right. So with that acquisition that occurred late last year, we're kind of steadily weaning ourself off of that volume, and that's a fairly good-sized piece of about $30 million worth of revenue that's going to roll off. And so netting out, right, we're still volume positive here even though that -- even though of that acquisition between Waste and Oakleaf.
Operator: Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Vance Edelson: The 0.5% increase in volumes that's contemplated for 2012 seems potentially modest given all the talk out there of the proverbial green shoots on the construction side, which is really something new when you think about how weak things have been the past several years. So on the front lines, are you seeing any noticeable impact from commercial construction, multifamily housing or anything along those lines? Do you get the feel that maybe this time, the improvement is for real and it could help your volumes this year?
Donald W. Slager: We're watching all the same things you are, and there's a lot of little feel-good stories being printed up. But as you know, we're very late cycle. We're late cycle generally, but we're very late cycle as it relates to this construction. So we don't tend to haul a lot of volume until well after these projects are out of the ground and when they're in sort of the final finishing stages of completion. So we'll start to count those loads when we start to see them, and we'll be glad to tell you about them when we're getting them.
Vance Edelson: Great. Okay. Fair enough. And then on the cost side, given the affected diesel prices have had over the years and the importance to the bottom line, combine that with your plan to make, if I heard correctly, 65% of the truck purchases CNG this year. Could you expand a little on how the growing presence of those CNG trucks is going to change the equation in terms of costs?
Edward A. Lang: Well, right now, it's marginal because as we mentioned, only 6% of the fleet is CNG today or natural gas. So it will be, I would say, a growing story over the next several years. But here in the early part of the process, it doesn't have a measurable impact on the fuel expense. So -- but what we'll be doing, we start with 6% a year; we replace about 10% of the fleet every year. So as you could see, we'll be gradually building so that within, say, a 5-year period, about 1/3 of our fleet will be CNG or natural gas, and then I think it becomes more visible to you looking at fuel expenses as a percentage of revenue. So I don't think you'll see it too much in the early stages here, but it is definitely a good cost reduction opportunity for us as we move forward.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so keep in mind, right, we've got 15,000 trucks. So we'll buy 500 or so CNG trucks this year and maybe next year, and we'll look at it beyond that. But as we're looking through our fleet strategy here, we're looking at the larger fleets where this makes more sense. We're certainly looking at areas where our customers have an interest in CNG and where it enhances our product profile with our customers. So it's just a steady move forward, and again, we're living within our normal capital spend, if you will, very traditional with kind of our Republic philosophy here. And we're going to keep that cash flow predictable and just live within our means, and we'll just allocate that CapEx around maybe more efficiently as we go forward.
Vance Edelson: Sure, that's a good plan. And when you do make the conversion to CNG, if I remember correctly, the savings on that, a daily or per mile basis is somewhere in the ballpark of 30%.
Edward A. Lang: That's roughly correct, yes.
Tod C. Holmes: But there's higher upfront.
Edward A. Lang: There are some upfront fees. But yes, as we've discussed, even on a fully loaded basis with the infrastructure cost, the payback period on the CNG investment is about 4.5 years and has a return on invested capital in the high teens.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: On the cash flow side, there's 2 pieces of this I'm trying to get my hands around. You paid out roughly a little over $300 million in dividends, do a little over $900 million in free cash flow. That's about 34%. How should we think about that mix if you look out over time 2, 3 years? How should we think about what the dividends should represent as a percentage of the free cash?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, it's going to be a function of what opportunities we have available, but I would think the dividend would be probably somewhere in the 45% range, say between 40% and 50%. And the dividend, we would expect to grow as the cash flows and the business builds. So that's foundational to the company. And then we have the share repurchase, which I think you've seen the activity and our ability over the years to buy back the shares efficiently to create long-term lasting value. And there's a little bit of flexibility there. The acquisition, or not the acquisition, but the merger is 3 years behind us, and so we're really about enhancing the strong platform that we have. And as opportunities come up, we're building the pipeline and we're out there doing a little bit more on acquisitions where it makes sense. So there's a little bit of a flux between, say, over a 3- to 5-year basis between share repurchase and acquisitions depending on which creates more value. We're committed to all 3.
Donald W. Slager: Sure, and as we've always said, Michael, we think this business can steadily and consistently grow free cash kind of mid to upper single digits, right. And that's what we think we're doing here in '12 and then we'll just, as Tod said, we'll kind of keep that balance intact. We've got a strong balance sheet, and we're committed to return cash to shareholders efficiently and we've got the flexibility to be opportunistic where we can be. So I think it's a good approach.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then the other part of the free cash question, if bonus depreciation gets revisited and pushed back to 100%, how do we -- how does that reflect in the -- what's the incremental change to the $775 million, $800 million? And then the other side of that is how should we think about the cycle of bonus depreciation if at '13, '14 if I'm trailing off, I don't get a revision?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, I think we'll cross the "what if Congress does something" when we get there. I think we can talk to the impact. I think Ed has indicated from '11 to '12, the total impact was a swing of $140 million. And so if you look at the '12 component alone, that's actually a negative $40 million. And then as you look out into '13, given what we've got in terms of the past legislation or the current legislation, that $40 million probably goes to about $80 million or $90 million. And then it starts to tail off in terms of the headwind as those 2008 and 2009 100% bonus depreciation years anniversary up. Now again, as we've said, capital is important to us. We're going to manage the taxes, so we'll see what happens as we approach the end of the year. And if Congress actually acts, we may adjust our capital spend accordingly. One thing I want to emphasize is our free cash flow -- or excuse me, our cash taxes is pretty strong. It's -- cash taxes are about 80% of book taxes for '12. So we feel like even though we've got a little bit of a headwind this year, we're still in a good position from a cash tax standpoint, we continue to actively manage that.
Donald W. Slager: Right. And from an activity-based perspective, if you look at the last couple of years as bonus depreciation has sort of been in or out, we've been able to adjust our spend and our buy to take advantage of it. So we've got some flexibility to do that, as Tod said.
Operator: Bill Fisher with Raymond James, your line is open.
William H. Fisher: Just on the -- you got it to roughly consistent EBITDA margins like 30.5% and hopefully, the pricing, I guess, would take up most of the cost inflation, wage and benefits. And you got a hit on recycling commodity prices. Just on the math, is it the offset's going to be the productivity gains you talked about? Or can you just talk about some of those pieces?
Donald W. Slager: Yes, remember the headwinds, we've got the commodity headwind, we've got fuel on a year-over-year basis. And then we think -- again, there's still going to be a little bit of price compression in the residential side, which we've got baked into our pricing guidance. And then yes, we're just controlling costs. We've got productivity measures. We talked about the automation, the CNG, the maintenance initiatives, all those things working together to build better productivity in the business. So we've got good traction on all those programs, and net-of-net, lead us to this guidance. So we're pretty positive about the year.
William H. Fisher: Okay. And then just, Tod, I think you gave the $118 is where the commodity price was. Do you have what was the full year for '11, the commodity price?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, we do. It's $145.
William H. Fisher: $135?
Tod C. Holmes: $145.
Operator: Next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Red (sic) [Wedbush] Securities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: It's Al with Wedbush Securities. I want to follow up on this margin question because I'm having a hard time getting it. As you know -- I think you said $118 per ton, is what Bill had just mentioned, and you're using Chicago-based pricing. Is that fine? Is that right?
Edward A. Lang: No, that's our actual blended rate for all commodities.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. So...
Tod C. Holmes: And most of it actually is probably West Coast.
Donald W. Slager: In terms of the [indiscernible].
Edward A. Lang: About 1/3 third of our volume is West Coast. So actually, we're probably a little bit biased, but it's actually our internal national average.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. But I'm probably splitting hairs trying to get the exact location, but what percentage of your recycling is fiber-related sales? I thought it was up about 55%, 60%.
Tod C. Holmes: 2/3. About 70% is fiber.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. So if you're assuming current price of $118 as the -- is that what you're assuming is the average for '12 in the budget?
Tod C. Holmes: Right.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Why -- that's a 20% headwind, right, from the prior year, and yet you've got pretty good margin profile from what you just posted, a 60 or 70 basis point decline. So it seems like the EBITDA margin guidance is a bit aggressive given some of these headwinds, and I'm just wondering what tailwinds you have to push you to that.
Donald W. Slager: Well let's take commodities side for a minute. We do have price of between 1% and 1.5%, right. So we're going to see that, as we talked about previously on one of the questions, CPI is starting to roll in, getting a little traction there and that's going to make a difference for us. And then we are looking at positive volume. So those things together, again with the offsets of the productivity programs, we think will make that difference.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: And on the volume side, not to press you a little bit, but volume, is that back half positive, therefore full year is positive? Or you get right out of the gate positive?
Donald W. Slager: Let's talk about full year, and remember we've talked all through '11 about the pretty positive picture in and around industrial volumes. And Collection volumes increased sequentially now I don't how many quarters in a row, but Industrial's been kind of a bright spot for us. Residential is improving, so all those things continue to improve. There's no one region or no one story that's making that happen, but the trends just continually are improving and we see those improving through the year.
Tod C. Holmes: I think when you look at the full year, we see modest positive volume, now quarter-to-quarter it may fluctuate a little bit depending on special waste because that activity can be somewhat event-driven. But it's not quite the situation maybe that price is. Well, it may be built a little bit in the second half of the year. But it's not quite as powerful as that CPI impact that Ed explained earlier. So positive throughout the year with a modest build.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Noverini with Morningstar.
Barbara Noverini: Can you provide a bit of an update on your national accounts business? I realize that's still small, but how has it been growing? And have you seen increased appetite from corporations who are interested in landfill diversion? Beyond just optimistic PR on the subject.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, I would say we believe in our national accounts program, we've got a decent sized book of business there, just shy of about $500 million annual book and it's growing -- it's sort of a single-digit percentage, maybe 5%, 6% a year. We have a number of very large national account clients who are very concerned and very consistently working with us on landfill diversion and other ways to manage their waste. I think if you look back into the early 2000s where large companies were coming out in favor of sustainability programs, I think many of them kind of lost their appetite in the recession that we saw earlier in the decade. But this time around, even though the recession's been a little deeper and longer, we've seen those national account partners of ours really be consistent with their interest in waste diversion and coming up with new ideas. And so we're working very closely with those large clients in recycling, waste diversion, minimization and so forth. And again, it's that kind of partnership that we're trying to build with those people that allows us to build that business.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you very much. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for our performance in the fourth quarter. We had another successful full year in 2011, and we remain focused on the business fundamentals required to improve or return -- our return on invested capital and further position our company to grow across all lines of business. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through February 16, 2012, by calling (203) 369-3256. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services' conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host for today's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward A. Lang: Thank you. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 27, 2011. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Based on our third quarter performance, Republic Services is on track to achieve the earnings and cash flow guidance provided earlier this year. Financial and operational highlights include: Revenue of approximately $2.1 billion for the quarter; total price growth in the quarter was 3.6%, with core price of a 0.7%; our MSW landfill price was up by 3%, which is an improvement from Q2 levels; Q3 had positive volume growth, this is the ninth consecutive quarter of collection volume improvement; our third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.53 and $1.43 year-to-date; our third quarter adjusted free cash flow was $266 million; we repurchased 6 million shares in the third quarter for $167 million. During the past 12 months, we have repurchased 16 million shares or 4% of our stock for $470 million. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through repurchase and dividends. Total cash returned to the shareholders in the quarter was $242 million and $657 million year-to-date. We continue to be successful in retaining a high percentage of our existing contracts, and have secured a number of new contracts that will improve our performance in 2012. During the third quarter, we started a new contract that privatized a residential collection operations of Toledo, Ohio. Privatization continues to be a source of revenue growth and assist municipalities with allocation of financial resources. Additionally, we will begin servicing a number of new contracts during 2012, including San Jose and Fresno, California and Hernando County in Florida. Our field organization continues to target profitable growth and effectively manage our cost structure. We saw a 20-basis-point sequential improvement in our collection volumes. Our industrial collection volumes are now positive on a year-over-year basis. Our cost of operations, as a percentage of revenue, improved by 50 basis points after adjusting for the net impact of higher fuel. SG&A expense was 9.8%. We have increased the automated portion of our residential fleet by 15% this year. 58% of our residential fleet is now automated, which is already ahead of our full goal. Our safety performance continues to improve with our frequency rate down 7% year-over-year. I would like to thank our field operations for their continued success in executing our strategy of achieving profitable growth, controlling costs and maintaining a safe work environment for our people. Tod will now update our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thanks, Don. Third quarter 2011 revenue was approximately $2.1 billion, a $55 million increase in the third quarter reflects internal growth, which totaled approximately 2.5%. This is the highest level reported since 2008. The change in revenue from prior periods includes the following key components: Core price growth of 0.7%. Our commercial and industrial price were on average, up about 1%, with residential remaining more competitive due to municipal and franchise contract pricing environment and the lagging impact of prior year's CPI. Since our price on an index-based contract tends to lag, we are impacted by the lower CPI environment of 2010, which is not fully anniversaried. Given the current CPI environment, we expect index-based pricing to modestly improve in the second half of 2012. Our landfill MSW price, as Don indicated, was about 3%, a slight improvement from the second quarter. Within that component of our business, our third-party open market landfill customers where we are increasing prices in the range of 4% to 5%. Second is our fuel recovery fee, which increased by 1.2%. This increase in fuel recovery fee relates to an increase in fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.87 in the third quarter from $2.94 in the prior year, a 32% increase. Currently, the price of fuel is $3.83 per gallon. We are assuming that fuel prices remain at this level for the remainder of the year. And the third key component is commodity revenue increase of 1.7%. Commodity prices increased 36% to an average price of $160 per ton in the third quarter or $118 per ton in prior year. Third quarter recycling facility commodity volume of 492,000 tons was up 8% from the prior year, and up 2% on a same-store basis. In mid-October, export commodity prices declined. At current prices, our fourth quarter weighted average price is expected to decline from third quarter levels by about $20 per ton. This would negatively impact fourth quarter earnings by about $0.01 to $0.015 on an EPS basis, which includes the benefit of reduced cost of goods sold. Turning to our volumes, our volumes were positive 30 basis points year-over-year. We continue to see volume improvements in the collection lines of business. Again as Don mentioned, this is the ninth straight quarter of sequential improvement. Q3 collection volume of negative 0.4 improved 20 basis points over Q2 levels. Industrial volume is now positive year-over-year and commercial volume is only slightly negative. Our disposal volumes, consisting of landfill and transfer activity, were up 2.8% from the prior year. This increase is due to year-over-year favorable special waste and C&D volumes. Looking forward, we expect collection volumes to continue to improve. Disposal volumes will be negative due to high levels of special waste in the fourth quarter of 2010, giving us therefore a difficult year-over-year comp in the fourth quarter of 2011. So in total, we expect fourth quarter volumes to be flat to slightly negative. Now I'll discuss our third quarter year-over-year margin. Third quarter 2011 adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.7% compared to 30.8% in the prior year, a 10-basis-point decline. The impact of fuel cost increases, partially offset by an increase in related fuel recovery fee revenue resulted in a net decrease and EBITDA margin of 60 basis points. Excluding the net impact of fuel, our margins would have been 31.3% or a 50-basis-point expansion from the prior year. Other significant changes in the margin include labor and labor-related benefits. We saw an 80-basis-point improvement primarily relating to labor productivity gains in the collection business. As Don mentioned, this includes the benefit of our fleet automation. Transfer and disposal costs, there was 50-basis-point improvement, which relates to decreased external disposal expense. The decrease was primarily due to our decision to divest a 3 New York City transfer stations, which had higher than the average disposal costs. Our transportation and subcontract expenses, we saw a 20-basis-point improvement, which results from redirecting waste streams within our transfer and disposal network, and less transportation expense as a result of the expiration of our City of Toronto contract in December of last year. While there is a favorable margin impact to this line item, the net impact to total margin is flat as the contract was at our total company margins. This benefit was partially offset by an unfavorable incremental surcharge from transportation providers due to increased fuel surcharges. Our risk management, we saw a 60-basis-point improvement relating to reductions in insurance premiums, as well as the continued improvement in our claims experience, as Don mentioned. Next is our recycling cost of goods sold. Here, we saw an unfavorable 80-basis-point increase in expense, which relates to increased rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold at our recycling facilities increased to an average of $55 per ton from $35 in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in costs and resulted in an increased spread of approximately $22 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 50-basis-point improvement in EBITDA margin. Finally, SG&A. SG&A expense was 9.8% of revenue, which was flat with the prior year excluding costs to achieve synergies in the prior year. We remain comfortable with our full year SG&A expense at approximately 10%, which includes 20 to 30 basis points of investment in our major initiatives. Our DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, was 11.1% in the current year versus 11.2% in the prior year. The 10-basis-point improvement primarily relates to reductions in landfill amortization expense as a result of expansion secured during the quarter. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures, as a percentage of revenue, due to the amortization of intangibles resulting from our 2008 mergers. Now Ed will discuss interest expense, our taxes and our free cash flow.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Tod. Third quarter 2011 interest expense of $108 million includes $18 million of noncash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, a portion related to the Allied debt discount of $3 million will decline. Our effective tax rate includes a $0.04 benefit resulting from the normal process of reconciling our provision to our 2010 tax return, which was filed in September. Excluding the benefit realized in the quarter, our adjusted tax rate was about 40.5%. I will now discuss free cash flow. Third quarter adjusted free cash flow is $266 million, which consisted of cash provided of -- by operating activities of $490 million -- $491 million, less property and equipment received of $214 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $7 million, plus divestiture-related tax payments of $6 million, less cash tax benefit from debt extinguishment of $24 million. Therefore, the adjusted free cash flow was $266 million. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow is $701 million, and we remain comfortable with our full year guidance range of $875 million to $900 million. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $901 million, and our days sales outstanding was 39 days or 26 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at September 30, and excess credit availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before moving to Q&A, I'd like to make a few comments on our performance. Although core price was below our expectations, we continued to raise price and achieve productivity gains, which resulted in an improvement in our controllable costs as a percentage of revenue. If you adjust our EBITDA margins for the net impact of fuel, we would have seen a 50-basis-point improvement in the third quarter. We have reached the point in our volume performance where we are through the trough created by the recession, and expect that 2012 will have positive volume growth on a full year basis. We have completed the balance sheet restructuring process and have locked in a low cost of capital with no debt maturities for the next 6 years. We are focused on investing in our core business to expand our market capabilities and generate higher returns and cash flow. Our investors will continue to benefit from our commitment to cash, total cash returns, through share repurchase and dividends. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari of Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just on pricing. Could you give a little more color on 2 items related to price? One is, what is the residential price running at? I assume it's well below 1%. And any color on how competitive that is, your negotiations with municipalities there? And when does that get begin to get better? And then secondly, could you remind us the CPI impact related to price? What the reset is for the second half of this year and what the reset is for next year? And how much of your business resets? Just if you could walk us through those 2 items?
Donald W. Slager: Sure, Hamzah. This is Don. And I'll let Tod follow me with some information on CPI. As you know, half of our business is index-based, good portion of that is coming from the municipal sector, both in our collection and landfill lines of business. We have seen a little more attention given to the municipalities on business extensions as it relates to price this year and in the quarter than we first anticipated. Having said that, the team's doing a great job of still extending the business. As I've said to you before, job one is to protect the cash flow and job two is to grow it. So we're doing a great job of getting business extended. Although as we said before, this are private/public partnerships that we've enjoyed for a long time. And as these municipalities have been through this tough economy, they have looked for a little bit price relief. So we've given back a little price there in extending the business through quarter. But we think that frankly, as we said in our comments on the volume, we've come through the volume trough, and we're looking at positive volume in '12. Only a portion of our residential business renews every year or terminates every year through contracts. So as we work through this process, we think we're kind of at the bottom working our way out. So overall, we've seen still pretty good rational behavior in the marketplace on the residential business, but some of the municipalities, as you know, have been suffering with their tax base. But all-in-all, and you can look at the margin, you can see the cash flow generation. We're doing a good job on costs, and we're going to continue to be strong on pricing in the marketplace.
Tod C. Holmes: And Hamzah, on your second question, if I understood correctly, kind of that restricted headline price was about 1.3% currently. So we're getting something that's really pretty close to what the CPI had been on a trailing basis. And then as we look ahead to next year, we're expecting that 2011 CPI to be some place in the 3% range. And so what's detracting from that was really what Don was describing, which is some rollbacks with some municipalities to keep the work and work with them on a long-term basis, and then some churn with -- maybe we're securing some new business at good returns at current market rate, but certainly somewhat less than what we might have seen with bids that we've made 5 or 6 years ago.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you. That's helpful. And as a follow-up question. As you guys think about the free cash you're generating, it seems like you've bought back 4% of your shares. Do you -- what can we expect on buybacks over the next 12 months or looking to next year? Is 4% to 6% what we can expect out of you? How do you think about that? I realize you're going to be opportunistic in that process, but what can investors assume on a buyback?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, Hamzah. In August there when the market dropped off, the Board came out with an authorization for $750 million of additional share repurchase because we were burning through the previous $400 million repurchase. So at September 30, we actually purchased $72 million out of that $750 million authorization. And October 1, we're sitting with $678 million available. And I think investors need to look at our past behavior, which is to complete that repurchase on an opportunistic basis over the time frame that we've described, which is really into the next 26 months.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. And remember, Hamzah, that $750 million authorization was 2 years, over a 2-year period. And we, as Tod said, our track record is kind of a 3% to 4% a year. We're being opportunistic, so it gives us flexibility to do what we need to do.
Tod C. Holmes: And as Don said earlier, we're committed to -- obviously we're committed to investing in the business, both from an internal standpoint and with some acquisitions. But certainly, our dividend, which has a yield of over 3% and then that share repurchase gives the owners a consistent cash yield both direct and indirect, that share repurchase at somewhere in that 6.5%, 7% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Security.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Don, just to push a little bit on this core price with the business extensions, et cetera, is it fair to say that this will be moderately lower in '12 and '13, given these are multi-year contract adjustments, if you will? Or is it just very much short-term period in defending the volume?
Donald W. Slager: Let's start with, again, only a portion of that business reaches term every year. So we go through a portion of that book of business every year. We think, certainly a lot of it's driven by the economic conditions that the municipalities are living within. It's not -- it's, as I said, we're kind of coming through the trough now. We've got the volume declines behind us. We're looking at positive growth for next year. So we think we'll be in a better environment next year from that perspective. Now there is a rollover impact as you renew part of your business at a lower price, so that factors into your next year's price. But we're not giving '12 guidance, but what I think is important for everyone to understand is we're, as committed as we've ever been, to consistently and intelligently price our business. But we're also were very much focused on free cash flow. And so we're not going to walk away from good return business just because we've got to extend business at a lower price for the long-term resi customers. So we're not really disturbed by, it's just a fallout, if you will, of a long and tough economy. The sector is still fairly rational, and we'll work our way through it. So we'll give you more on that when we talk about '12 guidance. But I think all-in-all, if you look at the cash flow, look at the margin, the cost control, we're working through it pretty well, and I think people should be happy with that.
Edward A. Lang: And Al, another thing to note that how we calculate price is a yield on the total book of business. And on the contracts that are just in the normal course of renewing, we are getting the resets at the levels we expected. So kind of that 1% to 1.5% range. It's just that due to the state of municipal finance, and when new contracts are -- come up for renewal or new business opportunities, it's a little bit lower pricing environment that did put pressure only on the one line of business, meaning the residential line of business. So we had positive price again across all lines of business in both the open and restricted market. It's just really in that residential business where you do see these type of issues on the average price.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: And then maybe just a follow up and then -- and Don, you talked a little bit about, and I think you gave us an alert about the commodity market. Could you maybe just address these changes taking place in the market in terms of commodity prices and your multi-year strategy on looking at this evolving tone in that recycling as a greater component? Are you thinking anything different here in the near term as you stomach the near-term headwinds on the commodity price?
Donald W. Slager: No, we're not. I mean, the commodity prices have settled down a little bit here starting Q4. And the fact is when we look at the investments for our recycling infrastructure, we look at those investments over the cycle. So we build our ROI performance kind of about a 10-year. We know commodities are going to flex up and down, but the fact of the matter is that the tonnage is evolving, the waste stream is changing, customer demand is changing, there is more attention on recycling today. We think it has really weathered the storm of this economy even through a downturn, our customers still are demanding more recycling services. So we need to invest correctly in that. So we're going to continue to do that. The -- as  I said, so recycling is a little bit or commodity prices are down a little bit, but over the 10-year cycle, we think the investments still make a lot of sense for the company we invested in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Levine of JPMorgan.
Scott J Levine: A bit surprised to hear you commit to -- or not really commit to, but suggest 2010 volumes will be positive. I'm just wondering whether that's a function really of some contract wins that you guys have had or whether you're seeing some things within this more cyclical side of your businesses that are surprising you to the upside. Would you agree that you're more upbeat regarding volume outlook than you were maybe 3 months ago? And a little bit of color as to why.
Donald W. Slager: Well 3 months ago, we weren't even -- we don't want to talk about 2012, so that's for starters. But we've seen some good things in the quarter. Again, 9 sequential quarters of volume improvement. That's a pretty good story in and of  itself. For the first time now, we're reporting positive volume here in Q3. That calls for a little celebration. We've seen some good signs in our temp roll off business. Special waste holding up pretty well, a lot of small jobs, are not just the big wins, but a lot of activity heading unilaterally on special waste. So we feel pretty good about that. In the trenches, so to speak, our customer defection is still very low at kind of 7%. We're doing a good job on net sales. So we're competing effectively in the markets. We're winning in a lot of our markets on that basis. We've got a couple of big wins here, the privatization of Toledo certainly is a nice rollover for us. We've got the win in San Jose. So we've got the -- the organization is very focused on market growth across 243 markets on finding sort of niches where we can take advantage of volumes that exist there that maybe weren't there before. And we're still very effectively moving price out into the business. So we think we've lived through the trough here pretty well. And well we're not economists, we're not going to necessarily play that role for you. We were thinking '12 will be a good positive volume year for us.
Scott J Levine: That's good to hear. And one follow-up, I think, Tod, you mentioned that the positive effect of CPI-linked resets not expected to really have much impact until the second half of '12, is that a function of the timing of the resets within your CPI-linked business in general that we shouldn't expect much benefit in the first half, not really pricing through the middle of next year, but those trends are going to be more a function of just competitive market trends in general, a little bit more color there.
Tod C. Holmes: Well I think it goes really in 2 steps. And the first step would be a little bit more muted and then we get a fair bit of particularly some of our Western franchise, price resets on July 1 and again in September, October 1. So there's probably 2 steps to it. And again, we have this municipal dynamic that Don described. We will just have to see how that sector unfolds. But as Don said, we've been successful at both retaining some of our business and then also securing this business at decent returns. So that churn rollback activity may mute a little bit the pricing that we'd see in that restricted residential side of the business or the franchise side of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher of Raymond James.
William H. Fisher: I guess maybe for Tod, you mentioned the SG&A, you've been spending some on productivity for a while initiatives. And you've touch on automated side loader. Anything else that you're investing in that you feel could start having some benefits in '12 and '13?
Tod C. Holmes: Maybe I should let Don talk to those initiatives. I'll give you a kind of a dollar sense that we might be spending somewhere on, an annual basis, in the range of 20 to 30 basis points on P&L. And certainly, we're putting some capital into that also in terms of higher cost of automated side load trucks, for example, or a CNG vehicle. So there is both the P&L and the capital cash flow spend are investment for that.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Tod. Bill, we're still building out our fleet initiative, and that's going to carry through '12, '13 and into '14. It takes a lot of hard work and time to go through a change management initiative of this size. So we're having great results with it. We just -- we really are just scratching the surface. So '12 will be a big year for us there. We've continued to invest in our procurement group on spending. The national account program here, we think national account business is a good business. Again, customer buying habits are changing there. There's a substantial number of customers that we think would want to buy more regionally and nationally if we have the right skill set and service offering for them. So we're building out that capability. And those things will start to pay big dividends in '12 and beyond. But these things are all slow-moving as far as the integration process and the change management. So these things don't get done overnight. But we've been working on some of these things now all year with really a drag on earnings. And next year we'll start to see some of those things begin to pay dividends for us.
William H. Fisher: Okay, great. And just to follow up on that, would some of that be more like on the maintenance side or just general productivity on vehicles?
Donald W. Slager: Well, experts would tell you that if you improve your maintenance, you're going to improve productivity, you're going to improve safety, you're going to improve driver turnover. So we're measuring our fleet initiative value just on the R&M line, Bill. And the other value or benefit that we get will come. But we're -- we'll do it with the ROI on the investments just against the R&M expense line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale of First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Ed, just on the guidance, have you changed your CapEx outlook? What are you assuming on CapEx? And if you could just kind of remind us in your -- prior to this quarter, in your guidance have you been assuming commodity prices would come down or is that a change?
Edward A. Lang: Well commodity pricing is something that we just saw here in mid-October, so it is a change. And again, there's some seasonality, as you know, to commodities. So where they are today or where they may be a month or 2 from now maybe very different from where they are in the spring time, when -- particularly when Asia starts to build up activity in preparation for the following holiday season. Regarding capital spend, yes, we -- our original free cash flow guidance is $875 million to $900 million. Again, we're very comfortable with frankly, the higher end of that range. We have stepped up our capital spend this year. I think our original guidance was probably somewhere in the $740 million range, and we're probably about $100 million more than that. Based upon some of these contracts and the opportunities that we saw there to get decent return on that additional capital. But also based upon, again, the uncertainty with bonus appreciation, where we're going to take advantage of 100% bonus appreciation again this year. Next year it's supposed to go to 50%.  Who knows what Congress is going to do, but we're planning that it goes to 50%, and therefore, we have a little bit of capital pull forward activity here to take advantage of that.
Donald W. Slager: But Corey, you know that we're pretty consistent on the capital spend, right? So we're keeping our fleet age consistent. We're investing correctly in automation in CNG vehicles, but we're reallocating our CapEx spend to do that, and we've invested some in recycling, as we've talked about. But generally speaking, it's pretty flat spend for us. But as Tod said, we always keep a little powder dry for these winds in the municipal side, and then we just got to take advantage of the tax benefits when we get them. So -- but generally speaking, it's a pretty consistent spend approach here.
Tod C. Holmes: Right. That's -- right now, we're right at about 10% of revenue, maybe slightly over 10% of revenue for our capital spend. And as the business grows, there needs to be a little bit more capital invested for that growth, if we get some modest growth next year.
Corey Greendale: That's helpful. Just one other follow-up on the volume side. Don, you've mentioned some new contracts and municipalities looking to outsource as a budgetary control. On the other side of that, there was the Dallas announcement about flow control. Is that something that's going to impact you in a meaningful way? And is that something that you're seeing more broadly or does that seem limited to Dallas at this point?
Donald W. Slager: Well, they will impact us a little bit in '12 because we've got a pretty good landfill position there in Dallas. And so now we're going to have to bring over our volume there going forward. But it's not material. We'll give you more on that when we give you guidance. But that's not keeping us up at night. The fact is, Dallas is really one of the few major cities that has a landfill of any size like that, that flow control could be an impact. And when you think about the other big markets, places like L.A., Chicago, these people own their own landfill. So it's kind of an anomaly to have a city that size of Dallas that has the ability to legally do flow control. So we're not concerned about it overall. You could see a little movement over the next few years and some of them maybe smaller counties and municipalities. But it's not anything for us to worry about.
Tod C. Holmes: That's also very unique because that site has a  lot -- a long life.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, yes. That's a great point, Tod. I mean, if --
Tod C. Holmes: As far as the value of cash flow of that city, they beat their budget shortfall.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. That landfill is a really, really big hole. It's Texas, right? There's a lot of land in Texas, so.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Hoffman of Wunderlich.
Michael E. Hoffman: If we could revisit price environment for a second. One of the things you've talked about before, Don, is the willingness to defend business. And that defense is across your experiences being across all the business lines? Or is this pressure for a defense basis mostly that's residential? I just want to make sure I understand this mix issue correctly?
Donald W. Slager: Well let's talk about it just, I guess, as far as philosophically. Now, on the collection line, the collection lines of business, the organization, the industry has been able to consistently do a good job on pricing over the last several years prior to this economic malaise, right, that we're -- that we've kind of have been through here. So year-on-year-on-year, good positive price growth. You've got these collection accounts that have great returns, and then you get some competitive activity. You get some municipal activity to try to take some price out of that collection. Philosophically, that's the collection business. On the landfill side of business, again half of our business there comes from municipalities. These municipalities don't compete with us. They're on large or long-term contracts with kind of CPI escalators. We take a probably a similar approach to that kind of volume. But then we have open market landfill business. These are people who are in the business with garbage trucks competing with us, and we don't necessarily take the same approach there. So we've -- we; consistently raised prices there. As I said, about 3% on landfill in total. On that nonrestricted open market volume in the landfill, it's been more like 4% to 5%. So we've consistently priced that business. And if those volumes aren't willing to pay a higher price, then we let the volume leave our system. So we're not -- we're still really safeguarding the value of our assets. We think the landfills certainly should be able to be priced higher, and that's our philosophy. So when I say fiercely defend, think collection business, think municipal business, don't necessarily think open market landfill. It's a different sort of a pricing strategy theory. On the collection side, you've got -- you do have these small haulers who aren't -- don't have shareholders and don't have sort of the same sort of rationale in their pricing behavior, who get a little fidgety where there's no organic growth and tend to compete a little harder. We have done a good job of defending our business in the commercial small container business. And that tends to be a little more competitive behavior. In the residential system, these are much bigger accounts; primarily a lot of times larger companies because of the big capital outlay. They tend to be more rational. But you have cities who are really looking for some price relief. And with these long-term contracts and relationships, we need to step up and extend that business, and we do that. So it's all-in-all, that really is the reason that we're at 70 bps price than a little lower than maybe we thought we'd be. But overall, we're still pricing every month in the marketplace through our RPM process. We continue to look to adjust services or upsell customers. We actually even have a couple of examples where we've actually raised prices at municipal accounts, and extended business with additional services. So we're doing everything we can to do there. It's working pretty well for us. And as I said, I think we're at the trough here, and we're going to come through it. So other than that, it's always been a competitive business. It's -- the open market's, I think, been consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And the teams did a great job on the cost control side. And if you look at the margin and the cash flow, you can see that defending good business is the right strategy. And it doesn't mean that we're out there lowering prices on new business across the board, but we are being selective and opportunistic for certain opportunities.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And then I know you're not doing guidance, but we have to model. So if I frame something, can you just tell me if we're in the right ballpark? Thinking about the business environment being what it is today, is it the right way to think about 2012 core prices kind of 1% to 2% because you did get a 1.5% CPI escalator to -- for 2010. Volumes are 0% to 1%, acquisitions are kind of 1% to 2%, fuel is flat because your -- this last year, it's about $3.84 and you're at $3.83 and recycling is the unknown.
Donald W. Slager: Well that's a nice try, Michael, but we're not giving 2012 guidance. So we -- I'm willing to tell you that we think the volume is -- we're through the trough. And as I said, 2012 looks positive. I think pricing we're coming to the trough, and we're climbing out of it pretty well. We have it reengaged, as you know, in the acquisition business here. And we've got a little pipeline of some acquisitions that we're doing now. We'll do some of those in '12 consistently as we've said. And overall, we're still focused on our total cash returns for our shareholders, and we're going to be very efficient in the way we do that through growth internal -- to growth development of our recycling the assets, growth around acquisitions, and we're going to manage the heck out of the business and stay focused on what we do really well. And we're going to continue to produce strong cash flow and solid margins. So that's kind of the heritage here. And that's what we'll continue to do in '12. And that's just close to the guidance that you're going to get out of me. Anything, Tod?
Tod C. Holmes: No, that was good. That sums it up.
Michael E. Hoffman: Well, that works for you. Well, do you expect free cash flow to be up next year or flat?
Donald W. Slager: Michael, we'll talk to you in January or early February.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, operator. In closing, I'd just like to say thank you to the entire Republic team for all your hard work, and the performance here in the third quarter. We are focused on business fundamentals that deliver continued success here at Republic Services. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through November 3, 2011 by calling (203) 369-1018. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thanks for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for this afternoon's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ed Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward Lang: Thank you, Holly. Welcome, good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our second quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 28, 2011. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Based on our second quarter performance, Republic Services is on track to achieve record levels of earnings and free cash flow. Financial and operational highlights include: revenue of approximately $2.1 billion for the quarter, total price growth in the quarter was 3.4%, with core price of 1%. We continue to utilize our ROI pricing tools to evaluate new opportunities and retain existing, high return business. We expect to achieve core price increases in the second half of this year in the range of 1% to 1.5%. Volume has declined 1%. Although the economy is recovering slowly, we have 5 consecutive quarters of total collection volume improvement. In fact, industrial halls accelerated through the quarter and were year-over-year positive in both May and June. We expect our total volume performance to be flat to slightly positive by year end. Our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.49. I will update our 2011 financial guidance later in the call. Our second quarter adjusted free cash flow was $162 million. Republic's board has authorized a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend, effective with the October dividend payment. We repurchased 3.6 million shares in the second quarter for $115 million. We are on track to complete the existing authorization before the end of 2011. Since November 2010, we have repurchased over 10 million shares for approximately $30 million. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increase in cash returns for our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. Total cash returned for shareholders in the quarter was $191 million. During the second quarter, we issued $1.85 billion of long-term debt at lower rates than maturing in call debt. We also renewed our bank facility for 5 years with no increase in the effective rate. We continue to take advantage of the low-rate environment to extend maturities and lower interest expense. We closed on $10 million in annual revenue from privatization contracts, including the City of Toledo, which we start servicing in the third quarter. We have a pipeline of quality acquisition opportunities. During 2011, we have closed on transactions involving private companies that will improve our operating density and landfill volumes. These transactions will expand our EBITDA margins and return on invested capital. Our field organization continues to target profitable growth and effectively manage our cost structure. We saw an 80 basis point improvement in our commercial collection volumes, and industrial collection is flat year-over-year. All controllable operating costs were either flat or decreased as a percentage of revenue. SG&A was 9.6%, which represents a 20 basis point improvement. Our safety performance continues to improve, with our frequency rate down 13% year-over-year. I would like to thank our field operations for their continued success in executing our strategy of achieving profitable growth and maintaining a safe work environment for all of our people. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. Our second quarter 2011 revenue, as Don indicated, was approximately $2.1 billion. The change in revenue from the prior period includes the following: core price growth of positive 1%; second quarter price was in line with first quarter and also with our second quarter expectations; all lines of business, as Don indicated, report positive price; commercial and industrial were about positive 1%, with residential somewhat lower due to the continued lagging impact of prior year's CPI. Landfill MSW price was positive 2.3%, a slight improvement from the first quarter. Within that component of our business, our third-party open market landfill customers where we are increasing price in the range of 4% to 5%. As I noted, second quarter price was in line with our expectations. Since our price on index-based contracts tends to lag, we're still impacted by lower CPI environments from 2009 and 2010, which had not fully anniversary-ed. Given the current CPI environment, we expect index-based pricing to modestly improve in the second half of 2010 with further improvement throughout 2012 and into '13. Now let's talk about our commodity revenue increase of 1.3%. Commodity prices increased 22% to an average price of $147 per ton in the current quarter from $120 per ton in the prior year. Second quarter recycling facility commodity volumes of 526,000 tons, was up 13% from the prior year and up 7% on a same-store basis. Our updated guidance assumes commodity prices remain at June levels for the remainder of the year. Also, our fuel recovery fee increased by 1.1% due to higher diesel prices. The increase in fuel recovery fees relates again to an increase in fuel costs, the average price per gallon of diesel increased to $4.01 in the second quarter of 2011 from $3.03 in the prior year, or an increase of 33%. Currently, the price of fuel is $3.95 per gallon. And again, our updated guidance assumes fuel prices will remain at June levels for the remainder of the year. Turning to our volumes. Our volumes were down 1% year-over-year. We do continue to see volume improvements in the collection lines of business. Second quarter collection volume improved 30 basis points over the first quarter. Industrial volume is now flat year-over-year, and commercial volumes are only slightly negative. Landfill and transfer volumes were down 1.8% versus the prior year. This decline is due to year-over-year unfavorable MSW volume, along with less positive volume contribution from special waste than what we saw in the first quarter. Although second quarter MSW volume was negative, it has improved sequentially versus the first quarter by 210 basis points and is now in the low single-digit range on a year-over-year basis. And our second quarter special waste volume increased 2% versus a very strong prior-year comparison. We do believe that our 2011 volumes for special waste will replace or slightly exceed the volumes we received for the full year of 2010. Turning our attention to second quarter year-over-year margins. Second quarter 2011 adjusted EBITDA margin was 31.1% compared to 31.3% in the prior year, a 20 basis point decline. The impact of fuel cost increases, partially offset by an increase in related fuel recovery fee revenue, resulted in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of 80 basis points. Excluding this net impact of fuel, our margins actually would have increased 60 basis points and would have been 31.9% over the prior year. If fuel prices remain at current levels, we will continue to have a slight margin headwind for the balance of the year. Other significant changes to margins include labor and related benefits. We have a 20 basis points improvement, and that relates to productivity gains in all collection lines of business. Our transfer and disposal costs, we saw a 40 basis points improvement, and this relates to decreased external disposal expense. This decrease is primarily due to our decision to divest the 3 New York City transfer stations, which had significantly lower disposal internalization than our average. Turning to transportation and subcontract expenses, we saw a 50 basis points improvement from redirecting waste streams within our transfer and disposal network and also less transportation expense as a result of the exploration of our City of Toronto contract. While there's a significant favorable margin impact to this line item, the net impact to total margin is flat as the contract was at our total company margins. An additional favorable impact is due to the transportation cost reductions associated with the divestiture of the New York City transfer stations that I've previously mentioned. Our landfill operating costs, we saw a 30 basis point improvement, and this relates to lower landfill gas management costs. The cost decrease was due to ending a subcontract relationship at several sites and taking the workflow more effectively internally. Our risk management costs, the 20 basis point improvement here relates to reductions in premiums charged by third-party carriers, as well as an improvement in our claims experience. I would also add and remind everybody that we do a quarterly actuarial review. So we're not averaging our risk management costs throughout the year and guessing it. We actually know what it is from an actuarial standpoint. Next, our recycling cost of goods sold. The unfavorable 60 basis points increase in expense relates to increased rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold at our recycling facilities increased to an average of $48 per ton from $38 in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in cost, and thus resulted in an increased spread of approximately $16 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 40 basis points improvement in EBITDA margin. And finally, SG&A. SG&A expense, as Don indicated, was 9.6% of revenue. Now this compares to 9.8% in the prior year, excluding the cost to achieve synergies in the prior year. The 20 basis point improvement relates primarily to the leverage benefit of holding our SG&A dollars flat, while having an increased overall revenue base. Republic remains very comfortable with SG&A expense of about 10%. And I would remind people, this includes 20 to 30 basis points of investments on an ongoing basis in our major initiatives. Turning to DD&A. DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, was 10.9% in the current year versus 11.3% in the prior year. The 40 basis point improvement, primarily relates to reductions in landfill amortization expense, as a result of expansions approved during the quarter. DD&A is higher-than-capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles resulting from the merger in 19 -- in 2008. Now I'll turn the call over to Ed. He's going to discuss interest expense, free cash flow and our balance sheet.
Edward Lang: Thanks, Tod. Q2 2011 interest expense of $111 million includes $18 million of noncash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the allied debt discount of $5 million will decline. On May 2, Republic issued $1.85 billion of long-term debt to refinance existing maturities. The newly issued debt consists of: $700 million at 3.8%, due in 2018; $550 million at 4.75%, due in 2023; and $600 million at 5.7%, due in 2041. In addition to the 2011 maturities, we retired the following existing debt: we called $600 million of Allied Waste North American notes due in 2016 that had a coupon of 7% and an 8%; we tendered $59 million of BFI debentures due in 2021 that had a 9.25% coupon; and $183 million of BFI debentures due in 2035 that had a coupon of 7.4%. Our EPS guidance provided in February included the favorable impact of refinancing this debt, but excluded any premiums paid or debt discounts written off in connection with early extinguishments. Our annual run rate interest expense after the refinancing is approximately $430 million, of which $70 million is noncash. Our refinancing activities since December of 2008, which have benefited from our investment grade status and a low-rate environment, have reduced annual interest expense by approximately $185 million. We will have additional refinancing opportunities in 2012. I will now discuss free cash flow. Second quarter adjusted free cash flow was $162 million, which consisted of: cash provided by operating activities of $362 million, less property and equipment received of $219 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $9 million, plus merger-related expenditures net of tax of $1 million, plus divestiture-related tax payments of $9 million. Therefore, adjusted free cash flow is $162 million. Now I'll talk about the balance sheet. At June 30, our accounts receivable balance was $872 million, and our days sales outstanding was 38 days, or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.3 billion at June 30 and excess credit availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we get to Q&A. I would like to update our guidance for 2011. We are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.86 to $1.89. This reflects earnings growth of approximately 10% compared to 2010. We expect adjusted free cash flow will be $875 million to $900 million. We are maintaining this guidance, although we are increasing capital spending to take advantage of bonus depreciation. This increase is primarily a pull forward of 2012 truck capital. At our next board meeting in October, we expect our board will approve a new share repurchase authorization for 2012. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: This is Chris Parkinson on behalf of Hamzah. Just very quickly, on the pricing front, can you comment on what you see in terms of rollbacks and any further price discounting by regional players that you maybe didn't see in the first quarter? And then also, how do you think about pricing on a sequential basis in the back half?
Donald Slager: Yes. I'll let Tod take the second half of that question on the sequential price for the second half. This is Don, by the way. We have -- since we talked about it on the first quarter call, we are seeing some pressure on the municipal contracts that are rolling through. We have done some surprise rollbacks, some reextensions of business and flat  rates to extend that business going forward. We have been taking a very strong approach in protecting our current business. And when competitors are calling, we're fiercely defending that business. We've got a great business with good, strong margins and cash flow. So job one of Republic is to protect the cash flow we have and then grow the cash flow from there. So we have seen some competitive activity out there. It's probably not too unusual, based on the fact that the economy has been -- has long and deep and a downward trend that it's been. So we've -- we're holding our own. And we think there are better days ahead. As far as pricing goes, we're still in the marketplace every month, effectively pricing our open market business. As Tod said in his comments, our open market MSW price and the landfill is 4 -- between 4% and 5% in the quarter. So we're very actively in the market every month in the open market, raising prices and very effectively defending our business accordingly.
Tod Holmes: Yes. On the second half, well I would add to Don that if we look at our collection business, all lines of our collection business on a unit basis, our revenue per unit is up. And as Don indicated, we're protecting both existing business and keeping it at good returns. And the business that we acquire is also at good returns. As Don said earlier, we're using our ROI pricing model. If we look at the first half of the year, our pricing was about 1%. If we look at the second half of the year, what we're saying today is there will be a modest step-up in pricing, and we believe it's in the range of 1% to 1.5%. This is primarily coming from the higher CPI environment, the anniversary-ing of lower CPI from prior years. So as we look ahead to '12, we would expect to see further step-ups to the CPI, and it's just inherent in our base of business.
Christopher Parkinson: Perfect. And then also on the volume front, could you just quickly remind us on any areas where you're seeing greater-than-expected volume losses? And whether or not you're seeing others gaining share? Or is it largely economic driven? And then also if there's any weather impact during the quarter?
Donald Slager: I think that was 3 questions.
Christopher Parkinson: Sorry, my apologies.
Tod Holmes: That's fine.
Donald Slager: Yes, I don't know that I would name any one area that we're losing share in a great pace or any one person. We think that the larger companies tend to be more active in the pricing environment, trying to increase the returns of their business. We've seen more activity, frankly, from some of the small haulers, who are maybe living for today or are looking for an exit strategy at some point in the business. So that's probably not much different than it's been, historically in the waste business. But you have had an economic downturn here that's lasted very long, and you don't see any organic growth in the market really happening and that causes some strange behavior at times. But we'll weather this storm and we'll continue to price, and we'll see our way through it.
Tod Holmes: And to your question, first of all, weather, there really is no weather impact for us. I mean there's been events that have occurred, whether it's flooding or tornadoes, but net-net, it really hasn't impacted our business much, one way or another. I think it kind of comes back to what Don talked about with the economy being weak for so long.
Operator: The next question I'm showing comes from Scott Levine with JP Morgan.
Scott Levine: So I'm looking at the assumptions behind the guidance you initially provided in February. I mean, it looks like price, you guys are looking at 1% to 1.5% for the year, it's kind of coming in line maybe towards the lower end, but within the range. Obviously, recycle commodities are doing better than you guys initially expected. And you guys are initially looking at volumes being flat to slightly up. Should we assume after the first half of the year that it's a bit lower? Maybe you can comment with regard to your views on how the macro side of things has played out in the second quarter.
Donald Slager: Yes. So we're still looking for volumes to be flat to slightly up. As we said, pricing maybe, like you said a little softer, but still in the range. And then as far as the economy goes, a bright spot, as I said in my notes. It's 5 sequential quarters of volume improvement in the collection lines of business. So we're creeping forward in the right direction, maybe not as fast as we'd hoped at first, but directionally, we're still good. And then, a bright spot for us in Q2 was we gained some speed through the quarter of -- in the roll-off halls and units. And so May was a little softer. And then we kind of picked up some speed in June there. So it -- we're looking at that to hold up for us. We saw probably, geographically, a little more improvement in the south part of our company than maybe we'd expected because for so long, the south and the west had been weaker than the Midwest and in the east. The south is making a little bit comeback there.
Tod Holmes: Scott, I would add, when you look at a price and the volume side of the equation, the net result of what's happening there shows up in the margins. We've got strong margins. If it weren't for fuel, we would probably be at or above our target now. You could also maybe net against that commodity prices. But we're basically on track with where we thought we would be from a margin standpoint, which I think indicates that the other components of pricing and volume components of our business, while it's a tough economy, are still pretty good.
Donald Slager: Yes, and that we've got a great operating team. They're out there, really doing a great job, controlling unit costs and getting productivity. So we're holding up pretty well.
Scott Levine: Got it. Maybe to follow up on fuel, Tod, now that you mentioned that. Can you remind us whether you have any hedges on or whether your thoughts are maybe in terms of hedging out some of that exposure with synergy prices remaining as high as they are?
Edward Lang: Scott, this is Ed. We have a small amount of our fuel hedged in for '11 and '12, but it's less than 5% of our total exposure. And the average rate that we have for the hedge this year is $3.66. It's a little bit lower than that for the small amount we have hedged in '12. We are looking at the energy markets, but unfortunately, given almost this day-to-day volatility in the pricing, it puts a -- makes some of the cost of the hedging fairly expensive as far as the -- how it gets priced out because of the market volatility. But it is something we continue to look at, and we will try to be opportunistic, if there is an opportunity for further hedging for '12 and '13.
Donald Slager: And in the meantime, this recovered fee works pretty well for us, we talked about before as a natural hedge.
Operator: The next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Kaschalk: First, the easy question, I guess in my view. On special volumes, could you talk about -- last year, I may have missed what the event was and then if it was also a part of the Gulf or -- and then this year, what are you seeing in terms of special volumes that may be helping to drive...
Donald Slager: Yes, we really don't have much from the Gulf issue last year in special waste. And we did a couple of big jobs. We talked about the military base job in the West Coast, the pesticide contaminated soil then a large regulatory clean-up in. . .
Tod Holmes: We had a refinery in the Midwest in the second quarter, also in the Central region.
Donald Slager: That's right.
Tod Holmes: Al, if you were to look at last year's special waste volumes, our second quarter, we had kind of a peak in special waste volume activity in the second quarter of last year. And then we had another -- and this was because of a refinery cleanup project in the Midwest, I think. And then there were some other -- the other things that Don mentioned on the West Coast were also a factor. And then in the fourth quarter, we had an even larger peak, and that was due to the Camp Pendleton in Southern California and Tronics, which was a clean-up EPA-mandated in Las Vegas. So as we look at our volumes this year, I think the difference is, we believe we will meet or exceed the total volumes for last year, but we're doing it with a broader base of smaller jobs, which is actually a good thing. It shows maybe the purse strings are loosening up a little bit with some of these companies for some discretionary spending.
Donald Slager: Right. Al, you know that special waste volumes by quarter, always very lumpy. So you've got to walk through that, as Tod did. We feel pretty strong about the volume side of things, and pricing is holding up well in special waste. So that does bode well for the economy, we think.
Albert Kaschalk: Right, okay. And then my follow-up, if I may, Don. Given now the so-called honeymoon's over 6 months into it, I was wondering if you could just maybe take a step back and give us an update on the CEO chair there, and specifically maybe some of the markets you're doing your multiyear plan on? And how you're feeling about some of these goals you've set out, trying to stay away from the quarterly numbers for a second.
Donald Slager: Yes, well we feel really good about the goals for the year. We feel good about some of the major initiatives that we set out. A couple of them are maybe moving a little slower than we'd like. We're just as committed to them as we've been, I think they have real value. The organization is operating very well. The team, we've got a top-quality team here. So all things are go, and I'm actually feeling pretty good about it. So I didn't know the honeymoon was over yet.
Albert Kaschalk: Could you comment about maybe the industry segment of recycling and how you are evaluating that? Have you made any decisions in terms of whether you're accelerating or just progressing, as prices remain high here at a couple of the...
Donald Slager: So what I would tell everyone is when we think about our company, it's 243 marketplaces. Yes, we're in 40 states, in Puerto Rico. And we're organizing 4 regions, 28 areas. But what's really important about the business is the 243 markets are all uniquely different. And so when we think about how we're going to improve the business on a day-to-day operating side, we think about how we do maintenance or how we do safety or how we move toward automation. Those things are very similar everywhere across those 243 markets. But when you think about how we invest and grow the business, those markets are very uniquely different, and they're different because they're different competitors, different asset structure, different market dynamics, different regulations and so forth. So as it relates to recycling, when we talk about the investments we're making in recycling, they're not everywhere, because the tons aren't moving in the same way everywhere. So what we've done, the team's done here is evaluated 243 markets. We've identified 25 markets, about 10%. And we think we need to develop more capability in, in and around recycling because we think the market would benefit and the customers are willing to pay for recycling. They're interested in recycling so there's some customer demand. So what we've done in our original plan this year is we set aside about $25 million to invest in about 5 markets to begin to move that business forward. And we may, by the end of the year, invest a little more than $25 million. But we're doing it very, very, very cautiously, if you will, making sure that we're learning along the way in how we're going to do with it best. And we've prioritized the markets accordingly. So we're excited about it, the team's actively involved in it. And we're convinced that in some of those markets, the ton is evolving, and there is more recycling and diversion possible. It's not happening very rapidly, but it's important for us to be in that space. And so we're trying to bring all the solutions we need due to our customers through that. So I have a long answer to your question, but we're engaged in it. We're excited about it, and it's right smack in the core of what we do. We look at it like we own the waste stream today, and we want to own it tomorrow even as it changes.
Operator: Michael Hoffman with WSI.
Michael Hoffman: We'll be looking for the book signing on how to run a garbage company. On the free cash flow, just so I'm clear, the $875 million to $900 million, I realized is just what you gave before, but the language of excluding legacy tax benefits, what do you think the upside is from that in the remainder of the year? And on that gain, there's a fair amount of working capital use in the first half that swings to the second half. Where's the flexion up in the model and the cash from op side that would create some upside to this outlook on free cash flow?
Tod Holmes: Well again, we're comfortable with the $875 million to  $900 million, and there's 2 offsetting items. We've got a greater capital spend because we're pulling forward some of the capital to capture bonus depreciation. There's a tax shelter associated with that. Also we closed out some of our open tax issues. And so we're going to get a favorable benefit from our cash taxes. So those 2 are kind of neutral. So even though CapEx is going up, the cash tax is going to offset that. You asked about the first quarter working capital. Typically, what happens is we end up with a fair bit of capital spend at the end of the year, which moves up our accounts payable. So you'll see a reversal from the first half to the second half of the year working capital, and we're very, very comfortable with the cash flow guidance we've given, staying within that range, despite the fact that we're going to spend a little bit more this year with the pull-forward truck capital.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then, the second question. So interest rates, probably, never be as low as they are today, probably in our business lifetimes. And the group has other public companies, but has underperformed. And there's some pretty cheap valuations out there. Is there another big transaction in Republic's horizon?
Donald Slager: Yes. Michael, we look at everything that's out there, large and small. And we're doing a great job today having successfully integrated 2 very large successful companies. We're very proud of the team and their ability. They're very good at what they do. And again I think people would tell you that a lot of folks thought it could be done. I think we've really shined in the process, so we know we can integrate businesses. And we're doing a good job today on tuck-ins and bolt-ons. For a long time there, we were busy integrating the big business. And now we're reengaged out there in small tuck-ins, and we're pretty excited about our area of presence, are bubbling up some really good local opportunities so we can fill out some of the, sort of the missing pieces, if you will, in various markets. And so we're always open to ideas and looking at anything that's out in the market that fits our profile.
Operator: Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Question. First, Scott Levine actually asked this question, but I wanted just to clarify the answer. Do you still think that for the full year volume will be at least flat?
Tod Holmes: Full year, I think, because of where we were in the first half of the year, the full year number would be slightly negative. But the second half, again, we think we're going to exit the year positive.
Donald Slager: Exit speed is important here, so we're moving through the year, and I think we're setting ourselves up a pretty good spot for '12.
Corey Greendale: Understand. The second question I had is, I understand in terms of incremental returns that you're doing exactly the -- what makes sense in terms of pricing. From a bigger picture perspective, I think there's been this thought that the -- just taking kind of a big picture view, that from a gain theory perspective that if you start to see larger companies be more aggressive in pricing downward that, that's kind of obliges others to do the same, and you wind up in more of an aggressive negative pricing spiral. So can you just speak philosophically about why you think we're not at the beginning stages of something like that occurring again?
Donald Slager: Yes, I will talk to you about that. First, take a look -- I'll just remind you. Look at our EBITDA margins, 31-plus percent. So I think that reflects a lot of things about our company. One, certainly the asset base we have and operating capability of our people, but we watch very keenly, pricing and the return on our business. And so we're pretty proud of that margin. And I think there's some folks who'd like to have that. As far as pricing goes, again, there is no organic growth in the marketplace. And so when you took your first economics class in high school, it's kind of supply/demand and you get that, right? It's been really long, really deep. So some of the smaller folks out there in the marketplace, get a little twitchy, and they start doing some silly things. And you can only stand by and watch it for so long. There's a couple of things going on simultaneously at Republic Services, and we've talked about this before. First, we are steadily, consistently, continuously pricing our business. So in the open market, we are every month in the market, pricing our business in all lines of business in the open market in every geography in the company. And we call it ratable pricing. And we go through the year constantly through levering up and down, if you will, depending on the market dynamic, but pricing consistently in the marketplace. So we haven't stopped that practice. When -- sometime last year, we started talking about defending the business more staunchly, and we had the team out there using ROI tools, knowing what our cash costs are and defending a very good business space. So we might have been more willing to walk away from this business 2 years before that. And then we start to defend business, say business at a lower rate in some cases. It's going to show up on our price metric. We didn't lose the volume, we keep the volume at a lower price per unit even though it's profitable, and there's good cash flow associated with it. As an owner of our business, you want us to do that. You want us to protect that cash flow, and we do it very well, probably better than we ever have. But that's going to show up in what we report as price, right, Cory? So the third thing we're doing out there is we're selling, right? And we're out there in the marketplace and we're looking for new opportunities as well. And we may -- we're going to compete vigorously with everybody in the marketplace, just like we always have. And there are some markets where we're losing share to 1 or 2 smaller competitors, and we may be more aggressive in a couple of those cases because we can't just stand idly by. So we have not changed our pricing strategy or focus. We have not changed our return focus, but we're simultaneously pricing, saving business and competing in the marketplace. Now when you do all the math of all the mix by type and line of business and geography and the saving and the churn, that's putting some pressure on the price metric. But the activity and the philosophy and the strategy has not changed. But there's a lot of mix and math that caused those numbers to be what they are. Now full circle back to the first statement I made: look at 31% EBITDA margin. That shows you that we're focused at doing the right things. Every so often, we make a mistake, and we maybe -- we may have some bad facts and maybe get a little lower here or there. Every so often, some other company does that. No different than it's ever been, but we're -- we haven't changed our tune.
Tod Holmes: To the concern that you stated, I don't think we see a dramatic shift in the marketplace at all. We view the marketplace as being fairly stable. It's just a question of a long, slow, flat economy.
Corey Greendale: Yes, I understand that. And I'm sure, you said all that before, but I still think it's helpful to hear it again.
Operator: Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William Fisher: Just quickly on -- Tod, I think you mentioned the landfill lines are down 1.8%. Does that exclude Toronto, do you know?
Tod Holmes: Yes, that would exclude Toronto.
William Fisher: Okay. And you mentioned some color on regional via roll-off and the South was doing better. I was just curious on some other markets like California, something that has been probably more down or if any of those are getting kind of less bad, if you will, as you move through the quarter?
Donald Slager: Yes, we're getting -- I'll use your term, Bill, we're getting less bad everywhere as it relates to volume. So it's a broad brush. I just highlighted the South because they've probably picked up a little bit quicker than the other 3.
William Fisher: Okay, great. And just actually quickly, do you have -- if that has a tax rate or something for the second half that moves around a little bit?
Tod Holmes: Yes, we're expecting our second half effective tax rate to be approximately 41%.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Don Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald Slager: In closing, thanks, operator. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for their efforts and resulting performance in the second quarter. We remain, as always, focused on the business fundamentals required for our continued success. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through August 5, 2011, by calling (203) 369-1018. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thanks, everyone, for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the first quarter conference call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for this afternoon's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ed Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Lang.
Edward Lang: Good afternoon. Thank you, Jacqueline. Welcome, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2011 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our first quarter performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 28, 2011. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Based on our first quarter performance, Republic Services is on track to achieve the financial guidance provided in February. Financial and operational highlights include revenue of approximately $2 billion for the quarter. Total price growth in the quarter was 2.6%, with core price of 1%. We secured core price increases across all lines of business and continued our focus on retaining existing business that generates appropriate returns. Volumes declined 0.7%, which is a sequential improvement of 40 basis points, including 110 basis point improvement in Collection. This is the fourth straight quarter of sequential volume improvement in the Collection business. Our first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.42. Our first quarter adjusted free cash flow was $273 million. We repurchased 5 million shares in the first quarter for $148 million. We are on track to complete the existing authorization before the end of 2011. We returned $225 million to our shareholders during the quarter. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. We recently closed a new 5 year $1.25 billion credit facility. Republic continues to extend debt maturities and lower interest costs. Moody's recently raised the outlook on our credit rating to positive. Republic is committed to a strategy of growing our business, improving return on capital, returning cash to shareholders and a strong credit profile. We recently purchased 2 recycling facilities in the Midwest to enhance our recycling capabilities. Our field organization continues to effectively manage our cost structure. All controllable costs remain flat or decreased as a percentage of revenue, including labor and maintenance expenses. We achieved year to year labor productivity gains in all Collection lines of business. We saw a reduction in frequency of insurance claims. Our accident and injury frequency improved by approximately 15% as compared to 2010. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to a high level of performance in all aspects of our business. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. First quarter 2011 revenue, as Don indicated, was approximately $2 billion. Change in revenue from the prior period includes the following: First, our core price growth of 1%. In total, the Collection lines of business saw a core price increase of 1% with all lines of business reporting positive price increases in the first quarter. Our total disposal core price increased by 1.3%, which includes landfill MSW of 2.1%, which was partially offset by relatively lower priced event C&D and event special waste driven work. This level of pricing is in line with our expectations for the quarter. Since our price on index based contracts tends to lag, we are still impacted by lower CPI environment that occurred in 2009 and 2010. This has not yet anniversaried. In 2011, we expect core price of approximately 1% in the first half of the year and in a range of 1.5% to 2% in the second half of the year. Second, our commodity revenue increase of 1%. Commodity prices increased by 19% to an average price of $149 per ton in the current quarter from $125 per ton in the prior year. Q1 recycling facility commodity volume of 478,000 tons was up approximately 13% from the prior year and up 8% on a same store basis. As Don mentioned, we've recently purchased 2 recycling facilities. As a reminder, our 2011 guidance was based on December 2010 average commodity prices, which at that time was about $143 a ton. If prices hold at the current April levels of about $152 a ton, our EPS would increase for the year by about $0.02. Now for reference purposes, a $10 change per ton in commodity value equals about $0.02 of EPS, and that is net of the impact of rebates. Let me talk briefly about our fuel recovery fee, which increased by 0.6%. The increase in fuel recovery fees relates to an increase of fuel costs, obviously. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.63 in the first quarter of '11 from $2.85 in the prior year, about a 27% increase. Our 2011 guidance was based on an average fuel price of $3.42 a gallon. If prices hold at the current April levels of $4.10 per gallon, our full year EPS would decrease by about $0.05. Again, for reference purposes, a $0.10 change in diesel fuel per gallon is slightly less than $0.01 of EPS, which includes the impact of the fuel recovery fees. Now let me turn to volumes. Volumes were down 0.7% year over year. As Don indicated, this is a sequential improvement from the fourth quarter 2010 of 40 basis points. We continue to see volume improvements in the Collection business, which is now down less than 1% over the prior year. Volumes improved in all Collection lines sequentially, including a 220 basis point increase in the Industrial business and also 100 basis point sequential increase in the Commercial business. Our volumes improved despite the severe weather early in the quarter. Our landfill and transfer station volumes had year over year growth of about 2%. This continues to reflect the positive contribution from both permanent and temporary special waste volumes. Our outlook for special waste activity remains strong, and we remain confident that we can replace or slightly exceed the volumes that we received in 2010. Now let me turn to our margins. First quarter year over year margins. The first quarter 2010 adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.6% compared to 31.7% in the prior year. This decline in margin is primarily due to the 27% increase in the cost of diesel fuel. That's 120 basis points of negative margin impact. The average price per gallon, again, as I'd indicated, increased to $3.63 in the quarter from $2.85 in the prior year like quarter, and again, with the current prices at $4.10 a gallon. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel cost was an increase in related fuel recovery fee revenue resulting in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of about 80 basis points. If prices remain at this level for fuel, we will have margin headwind for the balance of the year. Other significant changes to margin include transfer and disposal costs. We actually had a 30 basis point improvement here, which primarily relates to the margin benefit of incremental landfill volumes that carry little or no associated disposal cost. Next, transportation and subcontract expenses. We had an 80 basis point improvement in margin results from redirecting waste streams within our transfer and disposal network. Also, the loss of the Toronto disposal contract, which had a high level of transportation cost and the divestiture of 3 New York City transfer stations in late 2010, helped our transportation subcontract expenses as a percentage of revenue. Risk management. Here, it's a little lumpy. The 40 basis point increase in expense relates to the change in actuarial estimates. As we've said before, we perform actuarial assessment of risk reserves each quarter, which can create volatility. We could very easily smooth the numbers through the year, but we believe this is the best practice. In 2010's first quarter, we benefited from favorable adjustments to prior plan years. The favorable adjustment was repeated in the first quarter of 2011 but not at the same level. Our net benefit was probably in the range of $2 million to $3 million. Next, recycling cost of goods sold. The unfavorable 50 basis point increase in expense relates to increases in rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold at our recycling facilities increased to an average of $47 per ton from $38 in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in cost, resulting in an increased spread of approximately $15 per ton. The net impact here was obviously favorable 40 basis points in EBITDA margin. And finally, SG&A. SG&A expense, excluding the cost to achieve synergies, was 10.4% of revenue compared to 10.2% in the prior year. The 20 basis point increase in expense relates primarily to investments in programs designed to lower cost, drive efficiency and increase productivity. We expect full year 2011 SG&A expenses to approximate 10% of revenue. Now let me talk briefly about our DD&A. DD&A as a percentage of revenue was relatively comparable at 11.5% in the current year versus 11.4% in the prior year. And of course, as we said before, our DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles resulting from the merger. Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to discuss interest expense, free cash flow and the balance sheet.
Edward Lang: Thanks, Tod. Q1 2011 interest expense was $116 million, and that includes $22 million of noncash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the Allied debt discount of $9 million will decline. On April 20, we closed a new 5 year $1.25 billion credit facility. This new facility has a fully drawn cost equal to the facility being replaced. Republic has total bank market capacity of $2.5 billion that can be used for issuing letters of credit, short term borrowing and general corporate purposes. During Q2 of this year, we expect to refinance debt that matures throughout the year. As you remember, we started having debt maturities last November, and that'll continue through August. Notes due in May 2016 were called on April 15, and the notes that we offered to tender due in 2021 and 2035. Our EPS guidance provided in February included the favorable impact of refinancing this debt but excluded any premiums paid or debt discounts written off in connection with extinguishments. I will now discuss free cash flow. Q1 adjusted free cash flow was $273 million, which consisted of, first, cash provided by operating activities of $434 million less property and equipment received of $169 million plus proceeds from the sale of property of $7 million plus merger related expenditures net of tax of $1 million. And therefore, adjusted free cash flow is $273 million. At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $840 million, and our days sales outstanding was 39 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.8 billion at March 31, and excess credit availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.4 billion. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we get to Q&A, I would like to make a few comments on our guidance and cash utilization plans. We are reaffirming the financial guidance provided on our February call, including adjusted EPS of $1.86 to $1.89, adjusted free cash flow of $875 million to $900 million, net capital spending of $735 million. At our next board meeting in July, we will review our dividend policy and expect to approve an increase of 5% to 10%. We have completed almost 50% of our current share repurchase authorization. Our board will authorize a new program at the October meeting to carry through 2012. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Hoffman, Wunderlich Securities.
Michael Hoffman: On the dividend, you are running at about 40-ish percent of your free cash today. And is there a feeling that you would want to drive that to a higher percentage, get to more 50/50? And if you were going into that direction, that would sort of auger closer to the 10% or maybe slightly more growth in the dividend?
Donald Slager: Well, I think I said in my comments, Michael, we'll be talking about cash utilization strategy with the board in July as we always do every year, and we'll be looking at raising the dividend as we normally do, and we'll discuss all that cash utilization then and then again talk about share repurchase in October.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then on the volume side, the 0.7% given the weather issues, it would suggest that you would've been at least flat maybe even positive, so it bodes well for structurally in the business broadly across the country. But having said that, are there still sort of pockets that we should be mindful of?
Donald Slager: No, I think we're seeing pretty good volume consistent with our plan across the nation. We still have probably more economic softness in the south and the west, as we said before. It is a big highlight for us. We've seen now 4 quarters of sequential volume improvement in the Collection business. And while we did have a little weather, we chose not to really highlight it. We have weather all the time, probably a little more than we normally do, but we feel pretty good about where we're heading as far as our February guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Levine of JPMorgan.
Scott Levine: So with regard to your pricing, if you could talk    it sounds like you're expecting a back ended year, and that is largely driven by inflation index pricing. If you could comment on pricing trends in the competitive side of the business and maybe any regional color with regard to areas of strength or weakness there.
Donald Slager: Why don't I let Ed talk about CPI, and then I'll cover a little bit of the color.
Edward Lang: Scott, it's pretty consistent with what we said in February. Keep in mind, during the first half of this year, we're still working through the lower CPI environment we saw in 2009 and into 2010. As we get to July 1 in the second half of the year, we'll anniversary out those lower CPI numbers, and then we'll see CPI numbers that reflect more the full year average for 2010, which was about 1.6%. So we will see kind of a lower CPI in the first half of the year, a step up to that mid 1% in the second half of the year. And then as we see CPI develop this year, and I know we've seen a few months here getting a little bit higher pushing above 2%, we really won't see that kind of blend into our numbers until the second half of '12. As we usually state, it takes about 12 or 18 months for that CPI trend to work its way into the average price. And as we discussed on the other call, Las Vegas is a very large market for us, and there's probably one that has a longer lag than others, but because of its size it doesn't impact the corporate average. And in Las Vegas, they use a calendar year CPI, and you get that price increase the following July 1. So therefore, on July 1 of '10, we actually had to roll back our pricing by 0.4%, which was the '09 CPI number. And then what will happen this July 1, we'll get a price increase of 1.6%, and that'll be your price increase for that marketplace starting July 1 of '11 through June 30 of '12, and then potentially we'll see that higher CPI pricing come into our numbers beginning July 1 of '12. And, Don, you want to talk about open market pricing?
Donald Slager: Yes, sure. So remember, in the other part of the business is open market, and we have an internal process that we call RPM, which is just basically taking those old market customers and we spread them across 12 months and we review and accordingly adjust those customer prices at least annually. And so we had positive pricing across all lines of business in the quarter, and pricing in that arena is going well for us. And there's always pockets of pushback based on competitive behavior maybe locally or something along those lines, but no really change in what it's been. So we continue to review all of our pricing. Every customer gets reviewed annually. We continue to do that while we continue to defend our business and look for signs of life in the economy to grow our business. So all in all, I think the 1% pricing in the quarter was a pretty good number for us.
Scott Levine: Got it. And as my follow up, maybe you mentioned some efficiency spend in the SG&A number. If you could talk a little bit about some of the areas that you see as offering maybe a little bit more near term promise in terms of cost takeout or productivity efficiency, what have you.
Donald Slager: Well, we continue to gain productivity on the Collection side of the business in the labor and so forth with just improving routing, more automation. We've talked quite a bit about moving more of our residential fleet to automate it. That's worked well for us. On the SG&A side, we've got some additional resources deployed, working on some of these cost programs like we've talked about, our maintenance program, our national account initiative and some of those things. Right now, we're probably, again, as Tod said, having more cost than we are benefit. We'll start to see some benefits in '12. And by the end of '13, we'll see some real benefit from those programs, but we're going to carry a little SG&A between now and then.
Scott Levine: Got it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: First question is just on pricing. What are you pricing your landfills at right now? And how aggressive can you be if you do see strong seasonality at the end of May? And is there any low margin business still in your portfolio that you need to get rid of post merger, or that's done?
Donald Slager: Yes. First, remember that on the landfill side, half of our landfill business, actually a little more than that, is index priced, right. I'm thinking specifically about the MSW because that's what really matters, and we talk about overall pricing. So half the business is index priced. Those are tied to contracts. They have term dates, and they follow that kind of CPI mentality, if you will, most of that just like Ed just described. So that's half. The other half is open market, a little less than that. So we have -- those projects [ph] come up periodically throughout the year, and we will continue to price those. I think in MSW this year, or the quarter, we had a little better than 2% price on MSW. We sort of would like to see that go a little higher. We had a little bit of volume defection in a couple of markets in landfill where we moved price to competitive MSW haulers in the marketplace. And we were not willing to give price concession, so we lost a little volume there. So we're going to continue to focus on the infrastructure and use the assets accordingly in the marketplace.
Hamzah Mazari: And just a follow up on...
Donald Slager: I'm sorry. Hamzah, you asked about low margin work?
Hamzah Mazari: Yes, right.
Donald Slager: We're through that. I mean that's    we've    I think that was sort of a battle cry probably 2 or 3 years ago, maybe probably 3 or 4 years ago now. And I wouldn't sit here today and tell you that we have much of that, if any. We've done a very effective job of pricing the business, of calling the business, and I think it shows up in our margins.
Hamzah Mazari: All right. And just a quick follow up on your acquisition pipeline. You've mentioned recently you want to make a bigger portion into recycling. Could you talk about what's in the pipeline there, and how big you plan to get within that segment?
Donald Slager: Well, what we've done    and the acquisition pipeline was bigger than just recycling. We talked about recycling infrastructure. We talked about some tuck in hauling acquisitions. So we gave you that acquisition number, and we also said that was probably primarily loaded toward the second half of the year before we started to see that. So we said we'd close, call it, $75 million of revenue this year. As it relates to recycling, some of those projects are developmental project, some would be acquisitions. So we've identified what we think are 25 markets across our 240 marketplaces that we need to fill some gaps in recycling where we don't have quite enough capability to meet the demand of our customers. And so we'll be looking to fill those gaps. Some of those could be with existing facilities that we have, that we just need to retrofit, add capacity. Some could be developing a whole new footprint or some could be an acquisition. So that's baked in our numbers. It's baked into our cash flow, and I think we've said we'd spend $25 million or so this year on developing some of that recycling infrastructure. Did I answer your question, Hamzah?
Hamzah Mazari: Yes, that's great.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jon Ellis from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: First question. I wanted to talk a little bit about your pricing for the year. I think you mentioned in the first half you're expecting 1% core price, second half 1.5% to 2%. If my math is right about CPI and the escalator adjustments, it would suggest that almost all the difference between the first and second half of the year in terms of your guidance is a function of basically resets on contracts tied to CPI. Given that CPI is rising now and, Don, as you mentioned, most of your open market contracts are resetting throughout the year, why wouldn't we expect to see better open market pricing over the course of the year as well?
Donald Slager: Well, you may. And again, one of the advantages, Jonathan, is with the way that we do pricing in those 12 buckets, as I described, as conditions change in the marketplace and as CPI ebbs and flows, it does give us flexibility across that part of our portfolio. So in the second half of the year where we're pricing those 6 buckets in those markets, we could be pricing a little stronger there depending on the market activity. Remember, we've always said that we're looking to get that spread over and above true inflation. And when our customers are seeing inflation in their business, when they're a little more comfortable with their business activity, they're a little less price sensitive, the market behavior changes a little bit, and it allows us a little more pricing strength. So we will meter that accordingly as the markets allow us to in the second half, and we'll wait and see.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay. So is it more of a sort of culminating, but it's fair to assume that your 1.5% to 2% we could [indiscernible] towards the high end of that range if CPI stays where it is right now. Okay. Second question, just on fuel. I'm trying to make sure I understand. I'd always been under the impression that you're surcharge program, although not covering 100% of your total fuel costs, was intended to cover 100% of incremental fuel costs. And it appears that there's an EPS drag. So can you talk a little bit about the surcharge program? And then also there's been some discussion recently in the market about how some companies are offering out new business without fuel surcharges on those contracts. Can you talk about whether you're seeing that in the market?
Tod Holmes: Yes. This is Tod. I'll answer the first part. Maybe Don can answer the market part. First of all, when you see fuel going up, it tends to lag, especially when you see a substantial ramp up in fuel. We've got a 1 month lag in the surcharge. So there's a little bit of an impact there that will stay with us for the full year unless it were to drop back down this year. So I guess we'll wait and see on that. In terms of our fuel surcharge, we do not get all of it dollar for dollar. Obviously, it's about 2/3 that we get, and we have obviously some franchise customers that are on that CPI based pricing, so the fuel surcharge isn't there. So we're not able to get the full dollar for dollar recovery.
Donald Slager: The second answer to your question, Jonathan, we've always had that situation in the marketplace or where a smaller hauler might take the, what I call the Southwest Airlines approach of Bags Fly Free, no fees. I think our customers are pretty smart folks. I think they look at total cost to serve, and that's what we try to sell our customers is there's a total cost to service. We're not hiding behind our fees. We look at our fuel recovery fee as the fairest way to deal with our customer base so that when fuel goes up, it's a big part of our cost, they share in that cost increase. When fuel goes down, they get the benefit. And so it's a different sales approach than the guy who's selling no fees. The difference is when fuel spikes, that operator has to run around and bring more fuel price increases to the customer. We're touching the customer once annually. We've got the index working for us on fuel, and we think it's the fairest way to approach the customer. Remember, we've got 150 million gallons of fuel a year, and when fuel was up $0.50, we can't just kind of run around with our hair on fire trying to find $75 million. So it works pretty well for us. It's a built in hedge, if you will, and again, I just think we're always going to have somebody out there trying to market it a different way. We don't see that from bigger companies. We generally see it from the smaller folks.
Jonathan Ellis: Great.
Operator: And our next question comes from Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Securities.
Albert Kaschalk: Don, could you help us bridge the volume results in the quarter with the full year? I believe you had talked about flat to up modestly for the full year. And then we have some headwinds, I guess, with special waste. So given what happened in the quarter, and we certainly appreciate you not trying to hide behind weather like others have, but can you talk a little bit about what you foresee here on the volume side, whether that's a better than initially planned on special waste or just in the core business?
Donald Slager: Yes. Again, we just gave you guys guidance like 9 weeks ago. So we're on plan. We're reaffirming the guidance, including the volume guidance. We may be a little further behind than we thought we would be at this point. As I said, there may be a little weather in there, although we're not going to call it out. We wait every year for this time of the year. We're kind of coming in to May and looking for that seasonality jump. And it's not May yet, but as we do every year, we look for that seasonality trend to work for us and kind of bridge us into the summer months and then carry us through into the late fall. And we don't see anything today that's going to change that, and we believe we'll come in on guidance as we said. And we'll give you an update in more detail on the second quarter call.
Albert Kaschalk: Okay. That's all I have.
Operator: And our next question is from Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: I guess, first, just a clarification, do the recycling acquisitions fall under the $75 million that's been earmarked for bolt ons? Or is that a separate $25 million?
Donald Slager: No, that would fall into acquisitions. We put those as acquisitions, yes.
Vance Edelson: Okay. So the $75 million, that's for bolt on acquisitions. Anything you do on the recycling front is not under the umbrella of the $75 million that's been earmarked? It's separate?
Tod Holmes: No. I think what we've talked about on the earnings call that in our capital expenditures for this year, we're about $20 million or $25 million for internal growth projects related to recycling, meaning building out or improving our existing infrastructure. And then we said there'd be $75 million to $100 million spent this year for just a broad category of acquisitions, which would include picking up some third party assets, as well as hauling assets or disposal or transfer station assets. So the $75 million to $100 million to be spent on acquisitions was really any type of revenue.
Donald Slager: And anything we would book as an acquisition would come out of that bucket. When we talked about those 25 markets, if we can buy something that's in the market that fits our need to fill that gap, and we can buy it for the right price, we would buy versus build just because of speed to market and so forth. But if we're building it, developing it ourselves, it's coming out of that $25 million of CapEx.
Vance Edelson: Okay. More near term on the SG&A front. Between now and the end of the year, it sounds like recently SG&A was up on the investments in the programs guidance for the full year has it down to 10% of sales, so we'll need to see some sub 10% reading soon. So does this imply at all that the programs you've been spending on are about to be completed? Or is it more just that the benefits start to outweigh the costs?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think if you look at the revenue trends through the year, the second quarter and then the third quarter are the strongest quarters. So just the math as a percentage of revenue, it should come down. The dollars may not come down appreciably, although I would say we were working heavily on these projects late last year and the first part of this year. But that's not the key driver of that metric. It's probably more the revenue that's a key driver.
Donald Slager: Yes, that's right.
Vance Edelson: Okay. And one follow up question on the cost side. Could you just update us on the CNG initiative? How many trucks this year and next? And is this right now helping you to offset those higher fuel costs out there?
Donald Slager: Yes, I think last year, we spent about 20    was it 25% or so of our fleet buy was CNG, about the same, a little bit less this year. It could change a little bit as we go through the year depending on certain contracts. But we're not making a huge move there. What we've done, frankly, is we've made investments in some of our larger fleets in the appropriate markets on the fueling station and on introducing CNG vehicles. And we're going to, this year, basically fill out the routes in those facilities. So by example, if I had 100 truck facility last year I replaced 40 of the tracks to CNG, and the other 60 are still diesel, I built the CNG station. This year, we may go back in and basically replace those other 60 vehicles with CNG so we're getting the full benefit then, of that investment of the CNG station. Does that make sense?
Vance Edelson: It does.
Donald Slager: So that's what we're doing. We've looked at -- we're right now creating our -- putting kind of finishing touches on our 5 year fleet plan that will really build out the next phases of automation and CNG investments, and we'll talk about that sometime later in the year, early next year.
Vance Edelson: Great. Keep up the good work.
Operator: And our next question comes from Corey Greendale from First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Don, I was hoping I could ask you kind of a 30,000 foot view question, just looking back on the...
Donald Slager: I'm afraid of heights, Corey.
Corey Greendale: All right. Well, then we'll go with 5,000 feet, whatever it takes.
Donald Slager: Go ahead.
Corey Greendale: Looking back on the integration, and I know you've achieved and surpassed the synergy targets. But could you just talk about in terms of culture and in terms of best practices, to what extent would you say it is truly a homogenous company at this point? There is no legacy highlight in Republic anymore, how much would you say there's still opportunities to kind of streamline the culture and share best practices among the various operations?
Donald Slager: Well, I would say, as far as from a social perspective, I would tell you that I think we're operating as one company today, and we've got a great deal of rapport and respect for each other and flying the same flag. So one of the reasons this acquisition works so well is that we were very serious, from the very beginning, Jim and I and Tod and the rest of the team, about putting together one team building the best of the best culture, and we did that. We spent a fair amount of time on the social issues and the culture through the process so that we did become one company very quickly. So I'd be kidding myself if I said we've got 30,000 employees, there's not somebody out there who would maybe rather fly a different flag today. But I would say those are the exceptions, and they're very, very minor exceptions. We have had regular meetings with our people. We had our second annual general management conference here in February where we brought in all of our general managers and area teams and region teams from across the country. We had our key decision makers from the corporate office there, and we had close to 500 people in one room talking about the road map going forward, what we've achieved and the plans, and I'll tell you it was a pretty good vibe in the room, and you could cut the excitement with a knife. So from a culture perspective, I would say we've done a great job bringing it together, and I think everyone is pretty pumped up about where we go from here. From a synergy perspective or best practice perspective, there is talk about the parking lot as we put the synergy goals together, we found some things that we'd like to do. We just said that the company can only change so much at once. And so we put them out in the parking lot. We've been dusting some of those things off and looking at those things today and how we can continue to improve the business. But none of them in and of themself are major needle movers, but there are things that are worth $1 million, things that are worth $0.5 million, and we're going to continue to shave those pennies off of our cost and improve the way we go to market. We're going to continue to build our service, customer service experience and those kind of things. So from here on out, it's just improving on what we've built. But I would tell you that the company flies one flag, and is pretty excited about the future today.
Corey Greendale: And then I just had one housekeeping question, which is it looks like the tax rate in Q1 came in a little lower than the 41.5% for the year that you had talked about. What do you expect for the rest of the year?
Tod Holmes: Yes, we had some state tax benefits I think in the first quarter that caused that to come in probably just over 39%. I think if you look at the full year tax rate, the full year tax rate would be about 41% and subsequent quarters would be probably in the 41.5% range still, maybe slightly less than that.
Corey Greendale: Great.
Operator: And our last question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Just a couple of quick questions. First, could you just clarify your volume guidance? Does it include the impact of San Mateo and Toronto in terms of your, I think you've kind of guided to flattish volume for 2011?
Tod Holmes: Right. In our opening call where we gave guidance, we indicated that it excluded those 2 components. So excluding those 2 components, it's about 0% to 0.5% positive.
Richard Skidmore: Okay. And then can you comment on what you're seeing in the roll off business, both your own roll off business and then third party in terms of volume trends, because I'm trying to understand better when you might start to see operating leverage come through at the landfill.
Donald Slager: Yes, as we said, we've seen sequential improvement in volume across all lines of business. So every quarter, our roll off volume has improved over the past 4 quarters and probably 5 quarters or 6 quarters. So we've seen some positive activity in the industrial part of that roll off business and of course have seen no activity in the CNG part of that roll off business. So from a third party perspective, I think it's probably very similar. We    obviously, you're right. I mean, the volume comes back to the landfill, it comes in at a very hard margin. We get great operating leverage there, and it's one of the great things about this business. It might be one of the great things about the story, is we've done such a great job managing cost out of the business as the volume declined and learned a lot about ourselves and our business and now we're going to use all that same hard work to manage our business on the way up. And we will expect to see some operating leverage as volumes return, but we don't control that, right. So we're just happy to see it when it occurs, and we're getting our fair share. So that's it in a nutshell.
Richard Skidmore: Great.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Don Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald Slager: Thank you, Jacqueline. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for a solid first quarter performance. Our business remains strong, our market fundamentals are solid, and trends are improving. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through May 5, 2011, by calling (203) 369 3404. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year End Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts for this afternoon's call are Don Slager, President and CEO; Tod Holmes, CFO; and Ed Lang, Republic's Senior Vice President and Treasurer. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ed Lang. Good afternoon, Mr. Ed Lang.
Edward Lang: Thank you, Jacqueline. Welcome, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter and full year performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 10, 2011. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Republic Services has concluded a very successful fourth quarter and fiscal year. Financial and operational highlights include revenue of approximately $2 billion for the quarter and $8.1 billion for the full year. This is the third consecutive quarter with positive internal growth. Sequentially, volume improved 140 basis points, including a 90 basis point improvement in collection and a 680 basis point improvement in landfill. We secured price increases across all lines of business and continued our focus on retaining existing business that generates appropriate returns. This resulted in record EBITDA margin performance of 31.1% in 2010. Our fourth quarter EPS was $0.42 and $1.71 for the full year. Our full year performance exceeded the guidance that we provided in February of 2010. Our fourth quarter free cash flow was $197 million and $776 million for the full year. Our strong free cash flow allowed Republic to increase its dividend and authorize a $400 million share repurchase program. We repurchased over 1.4 million shares in the fourth quarter for approximately $41 million. We are on track to complete the existing authorization before the end of 2011. We remain committed to an efficient cash-utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our field organization continues to effectively manage our cost structure. Productivity has improved, which reflects the gradual conversion of our residential fleet to automated collection. We expect that 55% of our residential routes will be automated by the end of 2011. Maintenance expenses were 40 basis points lower in 2010 when compared to the prior year. We adjusted our maintenance staffing levels to the proper ratio of collection routes resulting in lower maintenance costs per engine hour. We continue to see reduction in frequency of insurance claims. Our accident and injury frequency improved by approximately 12% as compared to 2009. In 2010, we increased our investments in single-stream recycling facilities, alternative fuel trucks and landfill gas-to-energy projects. These investments are not only environmentally beneficial but are good business decisions, which enhance infrastructure and generate solid returns. We will continue to pursue these investments in 2011. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to a high level of execution in all aspects of our business and delivering another year of outperformance for Republic Services. Before turning the call over to Tod, I'll provide our 2011 financial guidance. Consistent with our comments on the third quarter call, we expect 2011 EPS to be in a range of $1.86 to $1.89 or a 9% to 11% increase compared to 2010. Free cash flow for the full year is expected to be in a range of $875 million to $900 million. This is a 13% to 16% increase over 2010 performance. This includes the benefit we expect from the recent extension of tax bonus depreciation. Revenue is expected to improve by up to 1.5% with total internal growth of 2% to 3%, offset by the impact of San Mateo and Toronto contract losses. Net capital expenditures in 2011 are expected to be $735 million. This level of spending allows us to maintain our current fleet age of less than seven years. Our EBITDA margin guidance for the full year 2011 is 31.6%, which is a 50 basis point improvement over 2010. Tod will now provide further detail on our financial performance and guidance.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter 2010 revenue, as Don indicated, was just over $2 billion. After considering the impact to revenue from divested operations, same-store revenue increased $31 million for the quarter consisting of the following. Core price growth of plus 1%. In total, the Collection line of business saw a price increase of 1% with all lines of Collection business reporting positive price increases in the fourth quarter. Our total disposal price increased by 1.1%, which includes landfill MSW of 2.8%, partially offset by relatively lower-priced C&D and special waste event-driven work. For the full year, we reported core price of 1.6%, which was in line with our expectations that we discussed in our third quarter earnings call. Current pricing levels reflect the lower CPI environment, which has a direct impact on our index-based business. I'd like to remind everybody that approximately 50% of our customer contracts contained pricing restrictions, a majority tied to CPI. These restrictions are weighted to the Residential and Commercial Collection businesses but are also somewhat present in the landfill MSW volumes. The pricing in these contracts has been negatively impacted by low levels of CPI. You might recall our 2010 original guidance assumed a full year CPI of approximately 2.5%. The actual CPI for 2010 was 1.6%. Both pricing and costs were lower than originally anticipated due to the lower inflationary environment. But, as Don mentioned, we are able to achieve our overall objectives of increased cash flow and margin expansion. The commodity revenue increased by 1.4%. Commodity prices increased approximately 38% to an average of $137 per ton in the current quarter from $99 per ton in the prior year. Q4 recycling facility commodity volume of 450,000 tons was flat sequentially and was up approximately 3% from the prior year. Now our 2011 guidance is based upon December average commodity prices of approximately $143 per ton. And if prices hold at current February levels of approximately $151 per ton, our EPS would increase by about $1.05. Just for reference purposes, a $10 change per ton in commodity values equals approximately $0.02 of EPS, which includes the impact of rebates. Now let me about our Fuel Recovery Fee, which increased 0.3%. The increase in Fuel Recovery Fees relates to an increase in fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.14 in Q4 of 2010 from $2.74 in the prior like quarter, an increase of about 15%. Again, our 2011 guidance is based upon December average fuel price of $3.24 per gallon. Now if prices hold at current February levels of $3.51 per gallon, our EPS would actually decrease by about $0.025 for the full year. For reference purposes, a $0.10 change in diesel fuel per gallon is approximately $0.01 of EPS, and again, this includes the impact of Fuel Recovery Fees. Our volumes were down 1.1% for the quarter and on a year-over-year basis with a sequential improvement from the third quarter 2010 of 140 basis points. We continue to see volume improvement in the Collection business, which is now down only 2% over the prior year. Volumes are improving in all Collection lines sequentially, including a 210 basis point increase in the Industrial business and an 80 basis point increase in the Commercial business. Our landfill and transfer volumes had year-over-year growth of 3.3%, a sequential increase also of 480 basis points. The improvement in volume is due to an increase in special waste received at our landfills. As Don had indicated, we expect 2011 volumes to be between zero and 0.5% positive. This volume guidance specifically excludes the impact of the San Mateo and Toronto contracts, which ended effective December 31, 2010. For those of you who have followed the companies for quite a while, you will recall that our landfill disposal contract with the City of Toronto expired at the end of 2010, and the San Mateo contract serviced by Allied was lost in 2008. The combined revenue of these contracts was approximately $115 million annually. Now let me talk about our fourth quarter year-over-year margin. Fourth quarter 2010 adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 110 basis points to 30.5% from 29.4% in the prior year. I would like to remind you that a reconciliation of EBITDA and cost detail information can be found in our 8-K filing. I will comment on some of the more significant changes, which are indicated in that filing. First, labor and benefit-related costs. The 40 basis point increase in expense relates to favorable adjustments recorded to health and welfare costs in the prior year. Last year, we mentioned a 70 basis point benefit from finalizing actuarial assumptions associated with the new combined health and welfare benefit plans. The increase in the expense results from the absence of this benefit in the current year, and that was partially offset by staffing reductions in the current year and also an overall improvement in Collection productivity during 2010. Second, transfer and disposal costs. The 70 basis point improvement primarily relates to the margin benefit of incremental landfill volumes that carry little or no associated disposal cost and internalizing volumes that were historically exposed to third-party facilities. Third, I'll talk about our maintenance and repair costs. The 40 basis point improvement in margin there relates primarily to procurement-driven cost reductions and the benefit realized from our focus on fleet and heavy-equipment maintenance practices. Fourth, transportation and subcontract expenses. The 30 basis point improvement in margin here results from redirecting waste streams within our transfer and disposal network. Fifth is the fuel cost category. The unfavorable fuel expense increase of 50 basis points was due to a 15% increase in the cost of diesel. Again, the average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.14 in the fourth quarter of 2010 from $2.74 in the fourth quarter of 2009. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel cost was an increase in related Fuel Recovery Fee, resulting in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of approximately 40 basis points. Sixth, our landfill operating cost. The 30 basis point increase in expense for the quarter relates primarily to a $6 million charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010 for a closed landfill in the Midwest. Seventh, our risk-management cost. The 60 basis point improvement primarily results from a couple of significant factors: First, 70 basis points of favorable actuarial adjustments recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010; and second, a 50 basis point unfavorable actuarial and premium adjustment recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009. The actuarial adjustments in both periods are related to claims developments for prior plan years and relate to comments Don made earlier about the performance improvement and better safety record. Additionally, there were reductions in the current year plan cost due to decreases in claims frequency and third-party premium costs. Next, our recycling cost of goods sold. There is an unfavorable 50 basis point increase in expense, and that relates to increases in rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold at our recycling facilities increased to an average of $40 a ton from $26 a ton in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in cost, resulting in an increased spread of approximately $24 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 50 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin. Finally, SG&A. SG&A expense, excluding the cost to achieved synergies, was 10.9% of revenue compared to 10.6% in the prior year. The 30 basis point increase in expense relates primarily to an acceleration of executive retirement expenses and relocation costs for senior management changes. SG&A expense for the full year, excluding cost to achieve synergies, was 10.2% of revenue. We expect 2011 SG&A expenses to be approximately 10% of revenue. All of these improvements drove a 110 basis point EBITDA margin expansion for the quarter, and as Don indicated earlier, enabled to us to exceed our full year EBITDA margin guidance of 31%. Now our DD&A also improved by 50 basis points. This relates primarily to a reduction in landfill amortization expense and accretion. This resulted from the cumulative impact of expansions and permit modifications that extend the life and reduce construction costs. DD&A as a percentage of revenue approximated 11.1%. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue due to the amortization of intangibles resulting from the merger. Now I'll turn the call back to Ed.
Edward Lang: Thanks, Tod. Q4 2010 interest expense of $120 million includes $23 million of noncash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the Allied debt discount of $10 million will decline. In 2011, we expect to refinance debt that matures throughout the year as well as call the notes due in May of 2016. Our EPS guidance includes the favorable impact of refinancing this debt with total interest expense in a range of $445 million to $455 million. This includes noncash interest of about $70 million. Our guidance excludes any premiums paid or discounts written off in connection with the early extinguishments. I will now discuss the full year free cash flow. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $776 million which consisted of: Cash provided by operating activities of $1.434 billion; less property and equipment received of $849 million; plus proceeds from the sale of property of $37 million; merger-related expenditures net of tax of $20 million; divestiture-related tax payments of $23 million; and legacy tax settlements related to BFI of $111 million. And the adjusted free cash flow, again, was $776 million. I want to note that we spent $14 million more on capital expenditures than our most recent guidance, primarily due to an acceleration of planned 2011 purchases. As Don talked about in our guidance, we expect 2011 adjusted free cash flow in a range of $875 million to $900 million. This includes approximately $100 million of cash tax benefit from the new tax laws extending bonus depreciation. Since this is an acceleration of the tax deduction for depreciation on vehicles and equipment purchase, this cash tax benefit will reverse in future periods. Now I'd like to comment on the balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $829 million, and our day sales outstanding was 37 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.7 billion at December 31, and excess credit availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. In the last two years, we have paid off more than $1.3 billion of outstanding debt, and we closed 2010 with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 2.9x. By the end of 2011, we expect this ratio to improve to approximately 2.7x. Before I turn the call over to Don, I would like to talk about the timing of earnings in 2011. We expect 2011 to be a little more weighted to the second half of the year, with approximately 47% of earnings being realized in the first half and 53% in the second half. This occurs in part due to the lagging nature of Fuel Recovery Fees and a rising fuel cost environment and the timing of the intended refinancing activity. Additionally, the harsh weather that most of the country has been experiencing lately will put some pressure on the first quarter, which was not contemplated in our guidance. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we get to Q&A, I want to talk about a few key areas of focus for 2011. First, internal growth. We will continue our broad-based pricing program in 2011 to recover inflation and drive margin expansion. We will continue to use ROI pricing tools to ensure that all business activity meets our return requirements. We built a substantial network of operating facilities and are well-positioned for growth as the economy improves. Second, acquisition growth and infrastructure development. We have a pipeline of potential acquisitions and are focused on strengthening our infrastructure, especially in the area of recycling to enhance our capabilities. We will update you on our acquisition activity throughout 2011. The team's priorities in 2011 remain consistent with our focus in 2010, including: Compliance and safety; development of our people; creation of lasting operational excellence, something that we call durability; customer experience, that is making sure that we are easy to do business with and that we meet our customers' expectations every day; and finally, targeted profitable growth. We believe that as we execute these business priorities, we will continue to grow free cash flow and provide increasing cash returns to our shareholders. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is on your pricing guidance of 1% to 1.5%. How much visibility do you have into pricing at this stage? By that, I mean, how much of your business or portfolio have you repriced already? What percent? And then could you give an update on some of the pricing pressures you faced in Houston and in L.A. that caused you to cut pricing guidance last year, if we could get color there as well?
Donald Slager: Well, Hamzah, it's Don. To start off, remember half of our businesses is CPI-indexed, or indexed to some type of CPI, and that again, changes throughout the year. So a big portion of that reprice in the second half, and then it takes 12 to 18 months for that to kind of roll through based on the individual contract language about how that index works. And so we have visibility on those contracts. We know what type of CPI escalator they have. As far as the open market business, generally, as we've done in years past, we have our open market business really in somewhat 12 buckets across the year, and we are out in the open market pricing those customers on a regular basis throughout the year, so that every customer gets an annual review and adjustment to recover inflation. So we've got that all built into our plan. One of the questions you had on Houston and L.A., I think we've got that all anniversaried at this point. I think L.A. anniversaried already. Houston, I think in Q4, Q3 of last year. So that's just now, those new lower prices are baked into our plan. So we've already anniversaried that letdown.
Hamzah Mazari: And just one follow-up, on the volume side, what percent of your landfills had positive volumes? And where are you seeing negative volumes at this stage? And also, in your volume guidance, are you baking in special waste, or continuing the special waste benefit that most saw in 2010? Are you expecting that again? How should we think about that?
Donald Slager: Yes, we actually -- well, first, I don't off the top of my head have the answer on the percentage volume growth geographically by landfill. But overall, our landfill volume will be probably about flat next year to this year, and we are thinking that the special waste market will hold up pretty well. So we had a couple of big jobs that we shared with you throughout last year, and one of them is holding up into this year already. So we're pretty confident in our team and in the pipeline itself. So we're feeling pretty good about special waste right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Levine, JPMorgan.
Scott Levine: I was hoping you could comment on churn rates and general trends. It seems like competition is fairly stable within the industry, but what are you seeing in terms of churn throughout your business?
Donald Slager: Scott, a definition of churn. So when we talk about churn here, we talk about the spread between a price per yard of Commercial business gain and price per yard of Commercial business loss. So that's spread on a per-unit basis. That type of churn is pretty flat with what it's been. So we haven't seen that change. So that's pretty good news. Defection, you may be thinking defection in your term churn, how many or what percent of our customers do we lose on an annual basis? And that's been pretty consistent for us, between 7% and 8%. And again, that's been probably the last three year, four quarters pretty much held in that range. It slightly improved from 8% to 7% toward the end of the year.
Scott Levine: And then if we think about what you guys were communicating vis--vis volumes, in the middle of the year you were kind of thinking you were going to inflect positive potentially exiting '10. You posted negative 1% or thereabouts. Can you comment maybe about the aspects of the waste stream that maybe drove the downside or maybe slowed relative to expectations into the end of the year? And if you could update your thoughts regarding those aspects of the waste stream as we look out into 2011, that would be helpful.
Donald Slager: Yes, we actually saw improvement in industrial, it probably came in about where we thought it would. Commercial, a little more weakness in commercial than we thought. We always talk about how we track service decreases and service increases, and we thought at sort of the midpoint of the year we would get, to your point, we would get flat. But it's really kind of across-the-board. We just didn't have as much movement there toward the end as we thought we'd have.
Edward Lang: And then, Scott, I also think it was kind of how the math worked. Keep in mind our Q3 volume decline was 2.5%, so just how we were entering the fourth quarter around that negative 2% level. And even though it was improving, the math still works out that you were at negative 1% for the quarter. So it's pretty much at kind of a breakeven flat level entering the new year, but just the way the math works, you're at negative 1% for the quarter.
Tod Holmes: And I guess we're all going to chime in here. I would add that, as we look ahead to 2011, where we see a little bit more of a bright spot, as Don said earlier, in the industrial area.
Scott Levine: Maybe a little bit of color geographically, any outliers to the positive side or negative?
Donald Slager: No, I still think the West and South lagging a little bit across the rest of the country. That's probably consistent with what we said here last year. But even with the volume number not getting quite where we would hope by the end of the year, you saw the margins and you saw the cash flow, so we're still pretty happy with the way the business has performed.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Ellis, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: Just on the pricing guidance for the year, 1% to 1.5%. First off, I guess, help us understand the breakdown as you're thinking about the CPI versus non-CPI based markets. And I guess in the context of, Tod, as you mentioned, CPI of 1.6% for the full year 2010, presumably, you're assuming pricing in franchise markets below pricing in competitive markets. So help us understand why you're assuming pricing in competitive markets that is somewhat different than the CPI levels for 2010. And then, obviously, just on the competitive side, what kind of spread over CPI you think you can achieve there.
Tod Holmes: I would say that the last part of your question probably is something around 50 to 100 basis points over CPI in terms of the spread in the open markets. On the contractual markets, probably the best example is Las Vegas. While we have a number of contracts and some are specific, some are CPI-based and they reset it different times. That's a big piece of business and it's pretty indicative, I think, of what happens. Our Las Vegas reset last year was probably about a negative 0.4%. And so that negative pricing carries through June of this year, and then it resets at a positive 1.6% starting July, and it's that piece. Even though you may say that CPI is somewhere in that 1.5% range, we've got this lag effect and this drag that is causing our contractual pricing to be less than what we think our average pricing is going to be.
Jonathan Ellis: So to be clear, you're assuming franchise or CPI-based pricing, contracts tied to CPI pricing around 1% this year?
Tod Holmes: Yes, maybe it's a little less than 1:1, somewhere in that range. On a full year average basis. Now it's going to be higher, obviously, in the second half of the year. And I think, Ed talked earlier a little bit about how our earnings would change throughout this year. Normally, we have talked about kind of a 50-50 split in earnings. But I think the CPI, the fact that it was so bad, it's improving slightly, gives us a little bit more pricing momentum in the second half of the year. So we will be well positioned exiting '11 into '12 from a pricing standpoint. And so kind of a combination of the debt refinancing, the CPI pricing, the share repurchase, all of that should give us earnings momentum as we move through this year and into next year.
Jonathan Ellis: My second question, this is on volume, to make sure I understand the reference point. Are you assuming a typical seasonality off of current volume levels? Are you assuming no seasonality off of current volume levels? If you could just help clarify there.
Donald Slager: Yes, I think we would, at this point, assume typical. We saw decent seasonality this year, or in '10, where we didn't see any in '09. So we do think as things are stable up, we expect this seasonality to go into '11.
Tod Holmes: But we need to remind you that the housing market, the construction market, isn't bright.
Donald Slager: We're not saying that's coming back.
Tod Holmes: We're not saying that's any better than it was this past year. It's just not getting worse.
Operator: And our next question is from Al Kaschalk from Wedbush.
Albert Kaschalk: I'm going to try and focus on the volume question for '11, and I know we've kind of beaten around this one a little bit. But if you strip out specialty waste with the view that it's not ongoing, it's a one-time event, is it fair to say that volumes you're  forecasting for '11 would be down 1% to flat?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think would say, first of all, I think we could debate that first assumption. Well, as Don had indicated, we've got a strong team that's done a superb job across the country of delivering special waste volumes. And while this past year we had a couple of contracts that were substantial in terms of delivering volumes as we go into 2011, we've got a very broad-based pipeline. So we feel pretty good about that. I guess, frankly, we haven't done the math to see, if you stripped out special waste, what it would be. Obviously, it would be less than our guidance of positive zero to positive 0.5%. So it would obviously be slightly negative. What that number is, I don't know, because I haven't done the math, because we don't see our thoughts going there.
Albert Kaschalk: Now I don't mean to imply that the -- organically the business you picked up is just more of a semantics, kind of like churn and defection type thing.
Donald Slager: On these type of things, just like we do every year when we give guidance and we build an operating plan, we pick a jumping-off point from Q4. And we do that with fuel, we do that with commodities. We do that with what we're seeing in trends in the business, and volume, and special waste and all those things. So just like we've done every year, we come forward with guidance based on Q4 run rate, and with visibility that we have at this point, and that's what this guidance represents.
Tod Holmes: It's certainly a fair point to raise, because there is a shift from '10 to '11. In '10, we had two very large contracts. In '11, we don't have what we had -- one of those contracts carried over for the part of the year. We don't have a distribution like that with two large contracts, and as we look at the pipeline, we believe we will be replacing that with a lot of smaller special waste the broader book of business, if you will.
Albert Kaschalk: The Industrial 2010, I think, was a sequential and 80 bps on commercial. I think this is more Collection area. Is that business starts? Is it new customers, just a little bit of a better economy? What's driving the positive trend there?
Donald Slager: The volume in Industrial is coming from manufacturing, so just some better manufacturing numbers volume coming from those sites. And then some of these other things you described are just year-over-year comps.
Albert Kaschalk: More west, south oriented area from a geography, is that the way we should be thinking about it?
Donald Slager: Yes, that's right.
Tod Holmes: That's what Don said earlier, a little bit stronger in the Midwest, in the East, maybe than in the South.
Operator: And our next question comes from Corey Greendale from First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: I also wanted to ask about pricing. With some of that -- I think, Tod you gave an example of the Las Vegas contract. I'm just trying to understand in the CPI-related contracts, how much of that is there still variable? Is there still some question, in other words, still Las Vegas going to 1.6% to 1.7%, you said, in July. Very set in stone based on 2010 CPI, or does that depend still on what happens in the first half of '11?
Edward Lang: There is some influence as to what happens this year. About half of the contracts use a trailing 12-month CPI, so that one is pretty much set. Although, they do have various cut-off dates. But then the other half of the CPI type pricing is a single-month year-over-year. And those contracts in total represent about, as far as CPI or let's call it the index-based business, represents about 70% of the total. And then you have another portion -- oh, excuse me, about 80% of the total, 80% to 90%. And then you have the rest are kind of fixed rate.
Corey Greendale: You might have said this, but so what are you assuming 2011 CPI is in the guidance?
Edward Lang: 1.6%.
Corey Greendale: At least historically, Republic has not been aggressive in guidance, and I heard you mentioned a couple of sources of potential downside between the weather in Q1 and fuel prices. I know there's a little bit of upside perhaps in commodity prices. But I'm just trying to get a sense if there's other sort of obvious potential sources of upside if the economy improves, sort of the most obvious ones.
Donald Slager: Well, that's certainly a very obvious upside with the economy improvement. Again, I think the reason that, I guess it was I that highlighted, fuel and commodity is, when you look at this business, it's very, very stable. And however, we do have volatility in the commodity price piece of the business, and obviously volatility in the fuel. So it wasn't so much of a downside on those as it was the volatility, I think, that we were trying to highlight. I mean, prices are actually, obviously on commodities, higher, and we don't know what's going to go on with oil prices. They seem to have spiked here because of the unrest in the Middle East, but possibly they could improve, the upside, downside.
Corey Greendale: On the acquisitions, I know you made a point of highlighting it. Should we be expecting that you could be deploying more capital, meaningfully more capital this year into acquisitions? And is there a chance you could even find opportunities to the extent that it could end up in your deciding to go to not just do much on the repurchases instead of -- and do acquisitions with that capital instead?
Donald Slager: No, Corey, that won't happen. We're strongly committed to the repurchase program. We've only guided in our pipeline today, I'll call it $100 million, $150 million of revenue that we're really interested in. We don't have that baked into our budget. We would look at maybe closing some of those deals in the later half of the year. And like I said in my comments, we'll update you guys as we go forward with that. But it's not going to be the part of our story, but we wanted to highlight it, because it's something that we've been a little busy over the last couple of years. So we're going -- we've got some ideas there that we can build the business, as I said, build some of the infrastructure we need to build our recycling capability in a few more markets.
Tod Holmes: Remember, our share repurchase and our dividend for 2011 represent about $700 million. So we've got a couple of hundred million dollars above that, some of which will go to pay down some debt. But certainly, where we see opportunities while we have this pipeline of assuming $150 million, we're very interested in taking advantage of opportunities, whether they're tuck-in or pieces of infrastructure or recycling facilities, that type of thing. So as Don said, we're interested in getting back to growing the business not just organically but also through acquisitions. And we feel we're in the right position with our balance sheet today to do that. And that is also upside. We haven't baked that acquisition pipeline growth into our numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher from Raymond James.
William Fisher: For Tod, maybe. You mentioned that you guys are forecasting 50 basis points improvement in margins, and that could have a little bit of fuel headwind. So implicitly you kind of have to get 80 or something improvement elsewhere. Can you just touch on some of the bigger sources of improvement you might see there?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think, if you look at our cost structure and the company's ability to control costs, we see basically about a 1% increase in our cost structure. So it's really coming from cost control combined with our pricing capabilities.
Donald Slager: And whatever volume growth we do get, Bill, obviously comes in a much higher margin, because we've got that density. So that works in our favor too.
William Fisher: Is there something like insurance or something, where you might get some actual lower cost next year or any baskets like that?
Tod Holmes: We do an actuarial review every quarter, so you really can't forecast the actuarial results. Obviously, over the past year we do -- can see a little bit softening in the insurance market, so premium cost has gone down. And we have had favorable actuarial results, but those things are hard to budget.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vance Edelson of Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: First, with volumes reaching the flat or breakeven point entering the new year, can you comment on how much further improvement there's been in the past five or six weeks? Is it at least safe to say we're out of the woods on the negative comps? Or is it still kind of teetering close to breakeven?
Tod Holmes: I would say it's very difficult to gauge anything on the past couple of months, from mid-December on, just because of the unusual weather patterns that we've seen across the country. I believe a number of ice storms and snowstorms in Dallas, ice in Houston, and not just inches but feet of snow in Oklahoma, the big storms in the East Coast and Chicago. So it's really very difficult to, even under normal circumstances, to look at four weeks or six weeks and try to create a trend off of that, definitely is now, given the way we operate.
Vance Edelson: Given the sensitivity to commodity and diesel prices, back on an earlier point, why base the guidance on prices as of December instead of today? You mentioned you expect the lag in fuel recovery, which is an indication you think fuel prices will keep rising from here. So why not at least use today's higher prices when setting guidance? Or is it just you're sticking with convention?
Tod Holmes: Well, we have a practice within the company of basically building the business plan. It's something that we take to the board the first week in January and discuss with the board. And so it's a practice that we've had not just with our board, and obviously the management team, but also with the Street, to use information in December and then give you the tools to understand the potential variables or volatility of which, obviously, as I said earlier, commodities and fuel are the greatest. And then you can make your own assumptions regarding where commodity prices, fuel prices may be going. I don't think the February prices are any better than the December prices. By the time we get to July, they'll be different. So it's just our practice.
Donald Slager: And that's one of the reasons we give you a range, right? So if we thought one of those things were going to race out of control, one way or the other, then we might reset before we brought guidance forward. But we think we're going to be in pretty good shape based on the pros and cons or the threats and opportunities in the guidance or the budget.
Vance Edelson: Final question for me, just kind of shifting gears, you briefly mentioned cost control. Could you just update us on how much you can do going forward to streamline and boost margins in terms of operational efficiency improvements now that the bulk of the Allied synergies are behind you? Are there new areas of focus there?
Donald Slager: Well, we still have this $30 million to $40 million we talked about last year, but 2010 and 2011 really are more about just building those capabilities in the company. We don't start to really see benefit until late '12 and '13. So that $30 million to $40 million still underway in areas like our maintenance initiative, our procurement initiatives, national accounts, and a handful of those things. So those are the very same things we talked to you about the last year.
Tod Holmes: And last year, you might recall, we indicated  that we're spending maybe about $7 million or $8 million for those initiatives. I think this year, we're spending probably around $15 million or $16 million -- actually maybe as high as $18 million. As those activities ramp up, and then we'll start, as Don said to secure the benefit in, starting in the second half of '12.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Hoffman of Wunderlich Securities.
Michael Hoffman: On the contract side, do you have visibility, and I look into 2012, was there a San Mateo or Toronto we should be thinking about as we're doing a multi-year model?
Donald Slager: No. The San Mateo was sort of an anomaly, a very large contract in and of itself, very long term in nature. It was one of those kind of recurrent kind of 20-year franchise kind of deal. And we don't have anything like that in our future right now that we're aware of.
Michael Hoffman: And then on the commodity price side. Given where they are currently versus what you've used for guidance, could you, based on just a little bit of a seat of the pants figure, that, that is strong enough given how high it is to possibly offset some of the weather pressures that are going to result in some incremental expenses?
Tod Holmes: And the fuel offsetting that, so I think as we look at commodities and fuel in the first quarter, I don't -- the net of fuel commodities and weather, I don't think there's a net-net positive, it's probably a slight negative.
Donald Slager: Commodities will cover fuel, but we're still trying to assess the weather.
Michael Hoffman: I need a point of clarification on the question that was asked about volume. And if I frame it on special waste on two ways, I'll come back to the second. If I stripped out special waste from 2010 and you did a same-store volume comparison, core solid waste business '10 going into '11, I think if I understood you, it's positive already.
Tod Holmes: No, I don't think so.
Michael Hoffman: So where are the points of softness there that haven't turned to where you thought? I guess I've misunderstood part of that conversation.
Tod Holmes: Maybe I'm misunderstanding what you're asking right now.
Michael Hoffman: On a core solid waste business, good old-fashioned MSW, would your outlook be positive year-over-year about volume, if you stripped out all your special wastes in 2010, and we're doing a calculation, just on the core solid waste business?
Tod Holmes: I think if you pulled, we'd be about flat. I mean, obviously, we're not going to see the same year-over-year increase special waste '11 to '10 as we did '10 to '09. But I think we would still be at least flat in volume performance in '11.
Michael Hoffman: And then historically, you've been able to offset inflation through productivity improvements that sort of somewhere remain 60% and 80% of your cost increases, you've worked out through productivity. Is that trend or pattern in your business model holding up?
Donald Slager: Yes, we've got good productivity gains built into to the plan. But as Tod said, we still get about 1% true inflation cost, true cost inflation of our cost, right?
Tod Holmes: And that includes the productivity gain.
Donald Slager: Net off, right? Because there's the moves in insurance and all those other type of things that we've got to deal with. And that's where the pricing comes in, right? So we're always looking to, after all of our productivity gains and efficiency benefits are built in, how do we go after getting that inflation recovered through pricing plus a little bit more if we can. And that's where we get that margin expansion, so...
Michael Hoffman: And just one point of clarification, the CPI that's baked in for '11 is 1%. The 1.6% is what you've finished the year, that was the CPI you actually got for in 2010, right?
Tod Holmes: I think what we said was, let's give the Las Vegas example, in that the first half of the year the pricing is negative 40 basis points because that was last year's reset on July 1. Then on July 1 of '11, the reset comes in at positive 1.6%. So obviously, on a full year basis, it's less than 1%. But you do have the strength from negative 40 basis points in the first half of the year to a positive 1.6%. So what we're saying is, so you put it together, yes, the CPI number is in slightly below 1% or about 1% for full year, but there is this first half, second half variance.
Michael Hoffman: And the trend in the second half of '10 rising through the first half of '11 is rising. So if I'm here 12 months from now, we're going to be talking about something that's greater than 1.6%?
Tod Holmes: We don't bake any type of CPI forecast into the guidance. We just assume that the full year, 2010, average is what we'll see in calendar '11.
Michael Hoffman: Lastly on the special waste, I get some of it last year was driven by stimulus money, but some of it I believe was economic activity improving across an industrial base that said, "Okay, I'll do that brownfield project, I'll tear that building down, I'm shedding more cars," so that it's supporting gradually improving economy. Is that accurate?
Donald Slager: Yes, some of it was economic improvement. Some of it was just environmental regulations. Some of it volume had to moved because it was mandated to move. So it's a little bit of all that. But again, as Tod said, we look at the pipeline that our people put together in their sales funnels and we qualify whether we think those jobs are real or not, and that's how we build our business plan and that's how we create this guidance. So right now, we think it's in pretty good shape.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Don Slager for his closing remarks.
Donald Slager: Thank you, operator. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for a solid performance in 2010, and for their dedication to making 2011 another successful year at Republic Services. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through February 17, 2011, by calling (203)369-3404.  Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at www.republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. Our presentations are scheduled. The dates and times are posted on our website along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Republic Services Conference Call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this afternoon are Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim O'Connor; and Republic President and COO, Mr. Don Slager. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good afternoon, Mr. O'Connor.
James OConnor: Good afternoon, Lisa. Welcome and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Republic Services Third Quarter Conference Call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Before we get started, Id like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 04, 2010. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I'm very pleased to report that we continue to achieve record performance in a weak but stable economy. We are raising our free cash flow guidance to $800 million due to the benefit of bonus depreciation. We're on target to achieve the revised upward earnings guidance of $1.69 to $1.71 we provided you in July. We remain on track to meet or exceed the full year EBITDA margin guidance, and we continue to see improvement in year-over-year volumes. Based on our strong earnings and cash flow visibility, our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of $400 million. In less than two years since the closing of our merger, we have completed the first successful large implementation integration in the solid waste industry on a timely basis. All operating locations are on a single IT platform. We have achieved $190 million of run rate synergies and exceeded our goal by 27%, and we have repaid $1.1 billion of debt and have the highest credit ratings in the industry. And we returned to Republic's long-term strategy of paying free cash flow to shareholders through share repurchase now and our annual dividend. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Don Slager to discuss our third quarter highlights.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Jim. Our third quarter results reflect our continued focus on safety, cost control, systems integration and intelligently pricing our business. Financial highlights for the third quarter and year-to-date are revenue of approximately $2.1 billion. This is the second consecutive quarter with [ph] positive internal growth. Net income adjusted primarily for merger-related expenses was $173 million, or $0.45 per share. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the third quarter was 30.8%. As Jim just mentioned, we are on track to meet or exceed our full year EBITDA margin guidance. Our field organization has maintained their focus on pricing, and continues to achieve open market pricing in excess of inflation. Core price increase for the third quarter was 1.5%. If we adjust for a few isolated areas were required to divest of operations, core price was approximately 2%. Our total price improvement, including fuel surcharges and higher commodity values was 2.6%. We continue to use our ROI pricing tools to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Our volumes declined year-over-year by 2.5%, which is an 80 basis point improvement versus the second quarter. The areas that showed the strongest volume improvement were in the Commercial and Industrial businesses, with sequential improvements of 110 and 230 basis points respectively. Landfill special waste continues to be strong, which resulted in year-over-year volume growth in the Landfill business for the second quarter in a row. Third quarter adjusted free cash flow was $177 million and $579 million on a year-to-date basis. Adjusted free cash flow per share of $1.51 for the year is 117% of adjusted book earnings. As you know, free cash flow is the best measure of the quality of earnings. I would now like to mention a few of our achievements in the quarter that demonstrate our ongoing focus on cost controls. We continue to experience positive results from our safety initiatives, as accident frequency is down more than 15% compared to last year. Ensuring a safe environment is key to our long-term success. Our field management has continued to achieve labor productivity gains over the prior year, and reduce labor costs in an absolute dollars, as well as a percentage of revenue. We adjusted our maintenance headcount to the proper ratio of collection routes. This resulted in a lower maintenance cost per engine hour and reduction in maintenance costs as a percentage of revenue. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to achieving high-level of performance in all aspects of our business. I'll now turn the call over to Tod for a recap of our third quarter financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. Third quarter of 2010 revenue, as Don indicated was $2.06 billion. After considering the impact of revenue from divested operations, same-store revenue increased by $2.4 million consisting of the following: Core price growth of a positive 1.5%. In total, the collection line of business saw a price increase of 1.6% and the disposal business saw a price increase of 1.1%, with all lines of business reporting positive price increases in the third quarter. By now, a pricing was down sequentially, and this includes the impact of lower CPI in our indexed base business. As you know, approximately 50% of our customer contracts contain pricing restrictions. The majority tied to CPI. Within the Collection business, these restrictions are rated to Residential and Commercial businesses. The pricing on these contracts has been negatively impacted by the low levels of CPI. Our original 2010 guidance assumed the full year CPI of about 2.5%, and the most recent CPI for the month of September was 1.1%. Our landfill prices increased by 1.2%. Now this includes MSW, up 2.2%, partially offset by positive but relatively lower-priced Construction & Demolition and special waste event driven work. It's important to note that the majority of our MSW volume is tied to index-based pricing. We expect our full year 2010 price to approximate 1.6%. Commodity revenue, increase of 0.6%. Our commodity prices increased approximately 29% to an average of $119 per ton in the current quarter from $92 per ton in the prior year. Our third quarter commodity volume of 455,000 tons was down sequentially about 2% and relatively flat with the prior year. Current October commodity prices are approximately $134 a ton, an increase of $15 compared to the third quarter average. Now a fuel recovery fee had an increase of 0.5%. The increase in Fuel Recovery Fees relates to an increase in fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.94 in the third quarter of 2010 from $2.60 in the prior year, with current fuel prices at $3.07 per gallon. Turning to our volumes. Our volumes were down 2.5%, this is a sequential improvement from the second quarter of about 80 basis points. We continue to see improvements in the Collection business, which is now down less than 3% over the prior year. You will recall last year, we saw a collection volume declines of over 8%. Volumes are also improving in all collection lines sequentially, led by industrial with a 230 basis point increase from the second quarter of 2010. This improvement reflects an increase in permanent hauls, primarily for manufacturing customers, and a more normal cyclical uptick from the temporary business. Now our landfill volumes had year-over-year growth of 1.4%. Last year, we saw landfill volume declines of over 18%. This improvement in volume is due to an increase in special waste received at our landfills. Now I'll turn to our third quarter year-over-year margins. Third quarter 2010 EBITDA margins decreased by 10 basis points to 30.8%, from 30.9% in the prior year. EBITDA margins exclude divestiture losses, restructuring charges, cost of achieve synergies and prior-year remediation recoveries. The decline in margin is driven by a 100 basis point increase in risk-insurance expense. As we said before, we do actuarial adjustments on a quarterly basis, and reserve adjustments tend to be lumpy. In the third quarter of 2009, we benefited from adjustments to prior period plans that did not repeat to the same level in the current third quarter. Year-to-date insurance expense is less in 2010 than 2009 and lower as a percentage of revenue. The increase in the current quarter was due to the timing, again, of actuarial adjustments. Excluding the change in risk insurance expense, our third quarter EBITDA margins improved 90 basis points over the prior year. Now I'll comment on some of the other changes in costs as a percentage of revenue. The details, of which are available on our website, and will be included in our 10-Q filing which are coming out in the next couple of days. First, fuel. The unfavorable fuel expense increase of 40 basis points was due to the 13% increase in the cost of diesel. And again, I indicated diesel prices of $2.94 in the third quarter versus $2.60 in the third quarter of the prior year. Partially offsetting this increase in fuel costs was an increase in related Fuel Recovery Fee revenue, resulting in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of about 10 basis points. Second, recycling cost of goods sold. The unfavorable 30 basis point increase in expense relates to increases in rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. Cost of goods sold at our recycling facilities increased to an average of $36 per ton from $27 in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in cost, resulting in an increase spread of approximately $18 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 30 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin. Third, labor and related benefits cost. The 10 basis point improvement in margin is primarily due to the synergy-related staffing reductions due to route consolidations in overlap markets, favorable reductions in health care claims and an overall improvement in collection productivity. Fourth, transfer and disposal cost. The 50 basis point improvement, again, primarily relates to the margin benefit of incremental landfill volumes that carry a little or no associated disposal cost. Next, transportation and subcontract expenses. The 20 basis point improvement in margin results from synergy-related cost reductions from redirecting waste streams within our more efficient transfer and disposal network. And finally, SG&A. SG&A, excluding cost to achieve synergies was approximately 9.8% compared to 10.5% in the prior year. The 70 basis point improvement in margin relates to the leverage benefit of reducing expenses while maintaining the revenue base, and a reduction also in incentive compensation expense. Looking ahead, we believe SG&A should be in the range of approximately 10%. These cost improvements collectively as a percentage of revenue are enabling us to meet or exceed our full year EBITDA margin guidance of 31%. Now let me turn to my attention to depreciation, depletion and amortization. This improved 40 basis points, which primarily relates to a reduction in landfill amortization expense and accretion. The accumulative impact of expansions and permit modifications that extended the life and reduced construction costs resulted in a favorable reduction in the per ton rate we charge as landfill aerospace is consumed. DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, approximated 11.2%. DD&A is higher than capital expenditures, as a percentage of revenue, due to the amortization of intangibles resulting from the merger. Looking at other aspects of our income statement, interest expense. I want to remind you that in interest expense, we have $24.3 million of non-cash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the Allied debt discount of approximately $11 million will decline. Now I'll discuss our free cash flow for the 9 months ended September 30. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $579 million, which consist of cash provided by operating activities of $964 million, less property and equipment receives of $535 million, plus the proceeds from the sale of used equipment of $17 million, plus merger-related expenditures net of tax of 16, plus divestiture-related tax payments of $6 million, plus the legacy tax settlement related to BFI of $111 million. That equals the adjusted free cash flow of $579 million. As Jim discussed earlier, we are raising our 2010 adjusted free cash flow guidance to $800 million. This includes the impact of the benefit from bonus depreciation expense of approximately $50 million, and also an increase in capital spending of about $45 million. Our previous guidance for capital spend was $790 million. And as a result of bonus depreciation, we are now planning to spend $835 million this year. Again, the $800 million of adjusted free cash flow includes both of these items. Just to remind you, we define free cash flow based upon capital expenditures received during the period, and we have included a reconciliation of the timing difference between capital expenditures received versus paid in our 8-K filing. Now let me talk briefly about our balance sheet. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $896 million and our days sales outstanding was 40 days, or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.9 billion at September 30 and excess credit availability under our bank facility is approximately $1.4 billion. Onto our taxes. The tax rate included in adjusted EPS for the third quarter was lower than the full year estimate due to the closing out of certain state tax positions in the quarter. We expect full year 2010 tax rate for adjusted earnings to approximate 40.6%. Now this full year tax rate estimate includes the benefit of 1.1% arising from favorably resolving certain federal and state tax items. Before I turn the call back over to Don, I'd like to share a few comments about Jim, since this is his last conference call before he retires. Jim took over Republic in 1998. Revenues were about $1.4 billion, and we had about 10,000 employees. Since that time, revenues have increased over $8 billion. Margins have improved by 250 basis points and free cash flow has increased by almost 800%. And in the process, we were able to complete a very successful merger with Allied Waste and Republic Services. Now there's always a downside. And on the downside, Jim's handicap has led from 3 to 9, that's an unfavorable variance of 600 basis points. My outlook is, this will improve over the next few years. I think if Jim didn't retire soon, his handicap would be as high as mine, and that's trouble. In all seriousness, look, I speak for all of Republic employees. We've had 13 years of Jim's leadership, challenging our actions and business plans, open to debate, willing to accept other points of view, dealing directly and honestly with issues both good and bad. His legacy is strong. It's a strong team and a clear vision for the future of Republic. So thank you, Jim. Now I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Tod. I would like to provide some early comments on 2011. As we have said many times, this is a business that regularly produces earnings growth in the mid- to high-single digit percentage range. With the stock buyback, earnings growth can be in the low double-digit range. This has been Republic's track record, one of steady and consistent earnings growth. 2010 earnings growth will be higher than usual because of the realization of synergies, including the benefit from refinancing activities. And since the majority of the synergy benefit has already been realized, about $0.01 of additional EPS benefit will roll over into 2011. Our approach to the business remain steady and consistent. Based on what we see in the economic and business environment, we expect 2011 EPS to grow by about 10%, which includes the benefit of our share repurchase program. We are currently in the middle of our 2011 business planning process, and we'll provide detailed guidance for 2011 in our Q4 earnings call in February. As you know, Jim will be retiring as CEO at the end of the year, now I'll become CEO at that time. We have had an orderly transition process during the past four months. Kevin Walbridge, who I recently named Executive Vice President in Operations, is now officed here in Phoenix. Kevin is an exceptional operating executive with deep industry experience. He is now actively involved in operating reviews and detailed planning as we develop our future business plan. This plan will constantly advance safety while gaining productivity. This plan will persistently price our assets and services while protecting our business and getting our share of market opportunity. This plan will continually elevate customer experience and employee engagement while controlling costs. As I said before, steady and consistent. We have an outstanding team at Republic, and we're maintaining our focus on improving return on invested capital, increasing free cash flow and returning our strong free cash flow to shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Jim to wrap up our review of the quarter, I'd like to thank him publicly for his leadership in building a great company. I want to thank him personally for his support and guidance that he has given me over the past several years. And on behalf of the entire team expressed our appreciation for his many years of devotion to the people and to the owners of Republic Services. Thank you, Jim.
James OConnor: Thanks, Don. Thank you for those kind words. And Mr. Holmes has been my business partner for I guess approaching 13 years. Thank you for those kind words, I appreciate that very much. Maybe more importantly, I need to thank all of the employees of Republic Services for allowing me to take a ride with them. So it's been 12 years that I've been the CEO of Republic Services. You, we have achieved many successes during that period of time and delivered a total return to our shareholders of over 178%. During that same period, the S&P had a total return of 26%. More importantly, I've had the privilege of being the CEO of an organization that has the strongest management team, has met the challenges of economic uncertainty, set industry standards for financial transparency and disclosure, and never lost its commitment to developing future leaders and reinvesting in the best operating platform in the industry. I've worked with Don and known Don for much longer than the two years that the company have come together. I have total confidence in Don's leadership and in his ability to take the company to the next plateau. And as I can tell you, he is as focused as I have been in continuing to improve shareholder value. Thanks again to our field management team for delivering our standard results in 2010. And, again, thanks to everyone out there for taking me along for the ride. With that, operator, we'll open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jonathan Ellis with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: First off, just wanted to ask a quick question about the quarter and then also about the outlook for 2011. Can you talk a little bit about customer churn? Did you see any pickup in churn in any of your end markets? And then also a related question is pricing on new customers versus existing customers, did you see a widening out of that spread at all?
Donald Slager: So let's first talk about definition of terms. When we talk about churn internally, we're talking about the spread between what we sell new business at and what we lose business at. So when we talk about defection, some people sometimes use that word churn to describe defection. Defection is the amount of business that we lose in a given year. And part of that defection is structural, which is bankruptcies and businesses closing. Part of that defection is competitive. So our defection rate has been consistent over the last several quarters, it's actually down just slightly. So when we haven't seen much change really in the makeup of that defection being generally half competitive and half being structural. On the churn, we've seen pretty consistent rates in the dollar per unit that we're losing revenue at. And I would say on a multi-quarter basis pretty consistent in what we're losing or we're residing a new business at. So not much movement there overall.
Jonathan Ellis: But in spite to say that you aren't bringing to new customers are coming in at lower price points than existing customers, is that the spread between those two numbers, is that a statement?
Donald Slager: That's great as always. There was a time in probably a couple years ago when we were walking away from business that was very unprofitable, and you saw the churn number flip positive. But generally speaking, that spread is negative. So we're typically losing business at a higher rate than we're gaining new business. And that's the way the industry has been for decades.
Jonathan Ellis: Just turning to 2011, recognizing that you're not giving formal guidance until you go to the budgeting process. But since you laid out the growth expectation, if you're obligated to ask what the drivers are behind that. Just I understand where CPI is today and, theoretically, how that will flow through for next year. But I guess if you could talk a little bit about your expectations for pricing in the non-CPI base markets? And then, any insights on volumes? Or is the anticipation that you may see seasonal trends next year, or are you just anticipating sort of a flatlining of volumes through next year?
Donald Slager: Yes, Jonathan. We're not going to give you detailed guidance today. As I said in the call or in my comments, we're going to wait until February to do that. We're in right in the middle of building our business plan. All of the divisions in the areas of regions are working at that deal we're in today. We are in the process of rolling that up. We've given guidance to our people on what we expect to see next year, but it's too soon to see how that whole plan is going to come together.
Jonathan Ellis: Maybe just sort of a clarifying question. To the extent that you're going out with pricing today in your non-CPI based markets, maybe you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing today in terms of a spread over CPI? Is it getting more difficult to raise pricing, or is it really no change in terms of the spread over CPI?
Donald Slager: Yes, I think generally, it's more typical to raise prices that it has been historically because the prolonged nature of the downturn. This thing now has been going on somewhat, let's say, three years. Customers are more sensitive to price, and that's just the nature sort of economics one-to-one, right. So we are still pricing persistently, as I said in my comments, we're going to continue to do that. That's just part of our business model. We think the assets that we own allow us to continue to do that. So it's always been a very competitive business. That still the case today. Customers are a little more sensitive than it has been in the past. We have municipalities who have been feeling the pain of a better economy for a number of years. And these are long partnerships that we've had that. In some cases, we're repricing a little, but a little bit of that business today, more than we have in years past. That's just the cycle that we're in today, and that's a cycle that we'll work ourselves out of over the next couple of years, we believe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a couple of questions on pricing. Your core price was weaker than we were expecting. I'm just trying to flush out some of your comments. One is, in effect, that you're bringing down pricing guidance from 2% to 1.6%, and then how much of that weakness in core pricing is CPI? And how much is the divestitures that you talked about? I think you made a comment saying that if you adjust for the divestitures, your core price was 2%? And then just lastly, if you could talk about any kind of CPI restarts, is that all done with? How we should think about that all of these things?
Tod Holmes: That was three questions. I'll take the first one, and Donald will take the rest a couple ones. Yes, definitely, the CPI is having an impact. When we put our business model together, we thought we'd have 2% price for the year, that was an environment of 2% to 2.5% CPI. And where we are is about, I think, this month, I said it was 1.1%. And there is a little bit of a lag of, but we've had some resets as we move through the year, particularly in the summer months and through the fall, which we believe drives that number down. So CPI is certainly a significant factor here. And again, it lags as it works through its way through our business. So I think we'll see it depending on what your assumption is for CPI somewhat in the future.
Donald Slager: So the second question, Hamzah, is on the price and some of my comments about the markets. So if you think of our business, 40 states, we managed it through 28 area of teams, but we're in 200 marketplaces, a little bit over 200 marketplaces across the United States. So when we look at in isolation several markets, there are a couple of markets that are really driving some pricing pressures, some negative price. And one of those is L.A., it's a very competitive marketplace. It has been for many years. We've got a very great landfill position there. We've talked to many of you before about the fact that there is a big municipal landfill in the marketplace that used to close by 11:00. Today, they're open all day long. That changes the dynamic in the marketplace. We had to divest over landfill in that market as position of the merger that causes a certain competitive aspect with the new dynamic in the marketplace that will take a couple of years to sort of settle itself out. So again, that at another market, Houston. And again, a very competitive marketplace, another divestiture market. We've had some activity there. We've had -- we shared with you, I think, many quarters ago now, we had to take a price reduction in one of our large municipal transfer station contracts there, and we're about to anniversary there I think the next quarter I think. And so those things tend to play havoc with our numbers, but in the other marketplaces, and that was my comment earlier, when you factor out those isolated issues in the broad section of our marketplaces, we're getting 2% PI. And so our goal is always to, in absolute terms, get a spread between absolute inflation and absolute price, right. And so that's how we get margin expansion. If you look at our numbers, you're seeing margin expansion. So when we talk about price, remember, we're talking about absolute price, which includes the effects of churn, includes the effects of mix, okay. It's a pure price number. And so as long as we can continue to price that spread between real inflation and real price, we're going to continue to give you margin expansion, and that's what you're seeing in our numbers today.
Hamzah Mazari: And just to follow up, on your buyback, is it fair that, that's going to be in front end loaded given where your stroke is at right now?
Tod Holmes: Well, I don't think we want to comment on exactly how we're going to execute the share repurchase program. We will be in the market as we have been in the past. And typically, we announced a $400 million share repurchase, so we will complete that by the end of '11. Now how we do it, I think it depends upon a number of factors, including the broader market, which is out of our control. So we will be opportunistic in buying the stock. And if you are asking it to model, I'd say just model that ratably.
Operator: Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities.
Albert Kaschalk: I'm going to try comply with a one and a follow up here. But on the volume front, could you talk about the trend or what you saw on specialty waste because it appears that it may wound up or thought sell off faster than maybe some of the others in the market? And then...
Donald Slager: Special waste for us sequentially was strong. It's basically the same as it was over last month. So it's up. We describe we had a couple of a large event jobs larger than we typically seen that have helped here today. We've got a pretty good pipeline in special waste today. Our special waste team is pretty positive about what's going on out there. So if special waste is a leading indicator, great, but we haven't put that steak in the ground yet. But we're continuing to get a pretty good piece of business there. We had a little bit of BP work in the quarter but very, very, very little, like a couple of million dollars of revenue. So it's mostly other types of end businesses.
Albert Kaschalk: Was that something you're encouraging us to look at is perhaps as an indicator of some of the recovery, or is that just more of anecdotal comments?
Donald Slager: No, I think what we're seeing today two or three jobs that I mentioned, one of them is a government job. So it's land clearing for development of a government facility. So I don't know that, that necessarily reflects a change in our outlook on commercial construction because it's the government. Normally, when we start to see nice special waste jobs because their clearing soil from old industrial sides of building the commercial real estate, again, that's more of a private sector issue. We haven't begun to see any of that yet. The other large job is a mandated cleanup that EPA mandated. And so they're really wasn't a lot of flexibility in that. One of the things we think about in special waste is when, let's say, a large industry maybe a steel mill has a stockpile of special waste and their budgets free up a little bit and they have some discretionary spending, and then they'll start to move some of that material. So it tends to be an indicator of discretionary spending easing up, but we'll keep you posted.
Albert Kaschalk: And then on the specific commercial part of the business, could you give us maybe an on the ground current update on what you're seeing in that marketplace? And how we should think about it maybe over the next one to two quarters?
Donald Slager: Yes, commercially, we're kind of just running even. We have -- as I said in an earlier question, our defection has been pretty static. Our sales, we tend to be sort of net even. What we lose, we gain, so we're not necessarily growing the business on a net sales basis on the competitive side of things. And as far as our service decreases, we haven't seen any further signs of service decreasing, but have not yet seen the signs of life on the increasing side. So what we'd like to be able to tell you is that, at some point, we'll see container weights improve. So as customers throw out more waste, the container waste per pounds pretty are decreased, and that converts it at some point to service increases. But we're watching diligently for that, just have not seen yet any movement. On the volume side, we did see some decline in MSW at the landfill, which is driven our volume numbers a little bit. And that's what we would kind of describe as competitive MSW. In a couple of cases, where we've had, in one case, a large competitor who has had their own landfill but it was 70 to 80 miles away, I think, and for many years, they run to a contract with us. The contract was below market. The contract came to term. We try to negotiate a price that was more consistent with market, they elected to drive the extra distance their own landfill. We've got a few other examples like that. We've got a landfill that we sold in the divestiture in the Midwest to a competitor. And the first thing they did with it was go out and secure some waste in the market so they could pay the mortgage on that new landfill. And not unexpected, we've seen this happening in the past. And these things take a little while but to settle down, but it did show up in our volume this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: Just to close the loop on the Allied related synergies. I think in the past, you had mentioned December 31 might be the end of the synergy capture period, so to speak. Is the 190 that you achieved the most that will get? Or is it possible to between now and year-end that number creeps a little higher?
Tod Holmes: The 190 is really where we are. I think as we look ahead into next year, the rollover of benefit from synergies that we secure during this year probably worth about $0.01 in earnings. Now I will add that we have this internal definition of synergies, which is a measurement period from the date of the merger through the end of this year. There are other opportunities, most notably some financing opportunities to call some legacy Allied debt and replace that with lower cost investment grade debt. But we do have some opportunities beyond the synergy measurement period, but we'll be characterizing that next year as a normal refinancing opportunity.
Vance Edelson: And then if I'm not mistaken, beyond anything related to Allied, I think you've mentioned in the past some brand new initiatives. You'll probably be able to implement over the next year or two to further help margins. Could you just remind us when these plans might get set in motion? Is that sort of an early 2011 timeframe? And when do the benefit start to flow?
Donald Slager: Yes, we've talked about those a number of times. We're in the process of building those initiatives out today. Some of them are underway. Some of them are just kind of in the piloting and launching phase. But as we said, consider that to be $40 million or so, but that is a 2013 event.
Vance Edelson: And then just a quick follow up, really a clarification on the timing for the buyback, you'll be opportunistic, but could you if you wanted to start tomorrow, or is this more of a 2011 authorization?
Tod Holmes: We could certainly start here in the fourth quarter and buy back some stock at this point in time definitely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich Securities.
Michael Hoffman: Internal revenue growth, IRG. Can we try and frame 4Q in 2011 in the context of one, should the overall internal revenue growth to be positive? And 2, can you talk about the direction of the price and volume? 4Q, does price is it flat or better than 3Q? Volume, is it flat, better or worse? And the same for '11? Just the direction, not the numbers just the direction.
Donald Slager: Q4, we've said that we were aiming at getting Q4 to flat on a y-o-y basis. And we could be flat to slightly negative, still depending on what happens here over the last couple of months. But trending directionally, we're still training to close that gap. And if we don't see flat Q4, we'll certainly, I think to see it right after that. And again, we're not going to give you guidance for '11 at this point.
Michael Hoffman: But we should think about IRG in '11, should be positive? I mean at least that?
Tod Holmes: Well, Michael. As Don said earlier, we're in the middle of our bottoms-up business planning process. So the combination of building up that detail, coupled with the fact that we've got probably two or three months before we come out in January and economic conditions may change, we're really not in a position to be specific about 2011 right now. I think what you're seeing from us is sequentially kind of flattish. And so then, it's a question of what you want to assume for CPI next year and also economic recovery.
Michael Hoffman: And then, how should we think about the $800 million in free cash? Is it fair to characterize that you've hit sort of a baseline of free cash in a stable low growth economy? And we should be pretty comfortable that number.
Tod Holmes: Definitely. And when you look at the use of that cash, again, we've got about just simplistically on $800 million, we should have this call it mid-single-digit, high single-digit free cash flow growth, typically in this business through a longer-term period of time. So if you look ahead the next year, we got a $400 million share repurchase of dividend. That's a little bit above $300 million or, let's say, $300 million we're going to grow the dividend a little bit as we've done in the past and then we're going to pay down a little bit of debt. And then beyond that, in '12, it will really be dividend and share repurchase. And of course, we always look at opportunities to grow the business internally, whether it's investing in our infrastructure and particularly recycling infrastructure, automation investment and tuck-in acquisitions. So those are the focuses for our cash flow.
Donald Slager: Yes, I think overall, we kind of think the worst is behind us and things leveling off, and we're going to continue to do the things that we've done that you've seen us do to run the business in turning cash. I think we're all comfortable with $800 million is our base going forward.
Tod Holmes: Let me just add one thing here. We've got the benefit of bonus depreciation this year. So I want to remind everybody as it had occur in the past, when the government stopped it, that's a quick reversal. $50 million results in a $25 million reversal, unless Congress goes ahead and reinstitutes bonus depreciation again for 2011 to help stimulate business investment. So that is a little bit of noise in the cash flow number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Levine with JP Morgan.
Scott Levine: Following up on the volume commentary, I think on the last call, you kind of indicated, we had indicated that you expected flat to maybe up in the fourth quarter to flat to maybe slightly down. There's a little bit of a change, not a big one, but wondering what you're seeing to drive that change? And is it the commercial business? Is it industrial? And maybe we'll just leave it there because obviously it seems like something has change within the past three months.
Donald Slager: Yes, Scott. On the second quarter call, we shared with you some new life we were seeing in certain parts of our business we've shared. Specifically, we saw some manufacturing coming back in the East, in the Midwest. And it was kind of a new revelation for us, we hadn't seen anything  like that in a number of quarters. So we were anxious to share it with you, and tell you that we're seeing some life out there in the economy. And we're hoping that it would continue. Just like when the economy started to fall away from us a couple of years ago, we saw it start in the East go to the Midwest then go West itself after that, and we saw start to gain momentum in these few examples we shared in the East to Midwest. We're hopeful that we'd see a little more of that continue. We haven't seen it continue. We haven't seen a further decline, but we haven't seen it build. And so we're kind of patiently waiting for those volumes to come back to us and for our customer's businesses to improve, but we haven't got anything better to report on that. So it's just kind of steady at this point. No further decline, no further improvement and we're hanging in there. And I think as we do get some of that volume coming back our way, we'll get our share as I said, and we'll see some operating leverage as a result.
Scott Levine: I want to follow-up on margin. If I understood, Tod, your comments you had this insurance headwind. Was that contemplated in your guidance at the beginning of the year? I'm guessing it's not very meaningful, but is your expectation still ...
Tod Holmes: Sure, it's not really an insurance headwind. It's really a benefit that we had in the third quarter of last year. If you think back to mid-October, November, we'd almost been through one year with the merger. We were able to get our hands around what is really two different sets of actuarial numbers and able to adjust that based upon the excellent safety performance of the company. So we took about a $21 million positive actuarial adjustment in the third quarter of last year. And then, of course, our risk costs have continued to trend down. But where we are at this quarter, there was no big positive benefit. So that really highlights that one-time year-over-year change.
Scott Levine: And then to follow that up, so there was no real drag from an insurance adjustment?
James OConnor: It's not a drag from an insurance. Again, as we look ahead, and I'll speak to the fourth quarter but not to next year. As we look ahead into the fourth quarter, we feel very comfortable with margins, either or slightly above 31%, and obviously that's for the full year.
Scott Levine: So then, maybe the last thing I would ask about is irrespective of the direction of CPI. Are you still comfortable that your pricing above the rate of cost inflation and levels that you should produce margin expansion on the base business?
Donald Slager: Actually that's our focus. And remember though is we're thinking about CPI, we do have this lag at CPI comes back, right. So we've got that big chunk of our business that's index-based. It renews kind of lumpy throughout the year and it renews not all of the same time, it renews different quarters or different months. And some of that business renews based on the 12 month trailing of the CPI and some of that business renews on kind of a point in time CPI one month, okay. And so that mix tends to play a little havoc with us there, but it's kind of a 12-month lag that worked our way through of all that about CPI noise. But nevertheless, our focus, as I said, is to get in absolute terms that spread. And as we've said many times, we think we can get 50 bips into a 150 bips of price in that spread between true inflation and price. When the economy's tough and challenged and CPI is low and customers are sensitive, it will be closer to 50 bips. The economy's screaming and inflation is high and people are less concerned, we get better pricing. And so that's where we're going to focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher with Raymond James.
William Fisher: For Tod actually, you mentioned some of the free cash and the bonus depreciation, but I know you haven't done the budget. But just on CapEx on the color, wouldn't there be some pull forward on the flip side CapEx this year? And just can you talk about what are some of the moving parts there looking a lot?
Tod Holmes: Sure, again, our full capital forward by about $45 million, I think you can expect to see -- we're not going out in the future years to move capital from '11 to '10. It's essentially trucks and chassis and loader or Caterpillar Yellow Liner that we're moving from the first part of '11 into '10. So there's a natural pull forward, and therefore reduction of '11 capital. Now obviously, a bonus depreciation were to be re-established next year and maybe when we get to the third quarter of '11, we would reconsider another pull forward. But certainly, this should serve to boost our cash flows for next year by reducing our capital spend next year.
Donald Slager: So just a flip, Bill. We spend it early. We won't spend it next year.
William Fisher: And then, I apologize if you mentioned this already, Don, but did you say how much the special waste was up year-over-year this quarter? Does that have an impact on your reported price just due to mix change?
Donald Slager: It does a little bit. Yes, I mean the special waste was up 24% this quarter over last year, but it was also a 24% last quarter. So sequentially is the same. And again, those are specifically those big jobs. Now remember, just to give you a little history, right, in Q3 of last year, special waste was down 21% from the prior year, okay. So last year, at this time, we were stuck in wind on special waste. So we are about we're actually back to like '08 levels.
William Fisher: And then price, it does have a mix on the price to?
Donald Slager: Yes, it does, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: So just one big kind of picture strategic question. Again, not asking you to go specifically what your plans are for 2011 yet, but just from a strategic point of view. I know you've  talked in the past about beating the price at the landfill at a level that generates a sufficient return on your capital investment there. Are you where you think you need to be to get that kind of return? And how do you think about the trade-off between the economy and therefore presumably consumers being more sensitive on price versus the fact that as a larger company now, obviously, you've got more power in the market and potentially testing on how flexible people might be on price under those circumstances?
Donald Slager: Well, I think you're asking the question more specifically in the landfill. But I'll tell you, we look at it a little differently across lines of business. And we've talked about the fact that we've had to reprice some of our large residential business because of CPI, the timing of CPI because customers have come to us and said, "Look, I'm willing to extend the contract, but I need a price concessions." We've been successful price over the years. We've got a good partnership. We've done some of that. So we make intelligent price decisions with our existing customer base just to keep our business. It's really profitable work. We're  through the days of pricing that negative tail that we used to talk about. It's a waste in the landfills. And you said it, Corey, these landfills they're expensive to built, to develop, they're expensive to operate. The environmental rules continued to get more stringent. We're going to spend a couple of million dollars a year or next year more in air quality, controls and testing. That's going to continue to impact the price of landfills. These landfills are expensive to own into infinity and it's a release to landfill pricing. We continue to move landfill pricing up. As I said earlier, we talked about some of the volume, and we're down year-over-year in MSW and the landfill. And some of that is directly related to the fact that we priced that business and some of that volume, those customers have chosen to leave and move on to another disposal site, in many cases, many miles farther than ours. And we've allowed  that business to leave. And we're going to continue to take that approach. These landfills are too costly and too valuable just to get the air space and so on. So we're going to continue to do that. But I'd like to see our price be higher at the landfill? Absolutely I would. And we're looking at that as well. We're looking at that not only to our third-party customers but our own internal customers. So we're going to continue to focus on it.
Corey Greendale: Just one quick one for Tod. I understand all of the moving pieces to the risk management costs. But just for modeling purposes is, I think it was something like $50 million a quarter a good number to use?
Tod Holmes: Well I would say where we are at this quarter from an expense perspective, it's probably pretty accurate expense number.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. O'Connor for his closing remarks.
James OConnor: Okay, I'm going to pinch hit for Jim today. This is Don. Thank you, operator and everybody. In summary, I'm very pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date performance. And even with the interesting economy that we've had as a backdrop, we continue to execute our business plan. We're meeting the needs of our customers. We're consistently and appropriately pricing our business, we're demonstrating timely and responsible cost management, and we're expanding margins. I would like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available through November 11 by calling (203) 369-3404. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at www.republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference, and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the second quarter 2010 conference call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your hosts this afternoon are Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim O'Connor; and Republic President and COO, Mr. Don Slager. Todays call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republics summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good afternoon, Mr. O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon, Holly. Welcome and good afternoon and thank you for joining us this. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' second quarter conference call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer, are joining me as we discuss our second quarter and first half year performance. Before we get started, Id like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss today on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 29th, 2010. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I am very pleased to report that Republic Services has again outperformed in the second quarter of 2010 due to our continued commitment on  to improving return on investment, expanding EBITDA margins, and generating additional free cash flow. We have seen a 370-basis point sequential improvement in our volume. And although core price is slightly due to the impact of CPI, total price exceeds costs and EBITDA margins continue to expand. Accordingly, we are raising our EPS and free cash flow guidance. We are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $1.69 to $1.71 per share from $1.63 to $1.67 per share. Our adjusted free cash flow guidance is increasing by $25 million  the new range  to a new range of $725 million to $750 million. Additionally, our Board of Directors has approved a 5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.20 per share, payable October 15th, 2010. This action represents the Board executing the first phase of our cash utilization strategy and we expect to finalize the second phase relating to share repurchase in the next Board meeting in early part of November. We will discuss the share repurchase plan at that time. As we complete our integration process this year, Republic has significant operating leverage to benefit from the economic recovery and is positioned to achieve record margin performance. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to discuss the second quarter highlights. Don?
Don Slager: Thanks, Jim. Our second quarter results reflect our continued focus on safety, cost control, operating efficiency, customer service, and pricing. Financial highlights for the second quarter are, we had revenue of approximately $2.1 billion, Republic had positive internal growth of 0.9%. This is the first time we have had positive internal growth since Q3 2008. We expect to have positive total revenue growth in the second half of 2010. Net income, adjusted primarily for merger related expenses, was $166.4 million or $0.43 per share. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 31.3%. This strong performance demonstrated the strength of our field organization to maintain the focus on pricing in a low-inflation environment and cost-competitive structure, while completing the integration process. Our total price improvement, including fuel surcharges and higher commodity values, was 4.2%. Core price increase for the second quarter was 1.6%. Our pricing was down sequentially due to the impact of lower CPI on our index-based business, which represents 50% of total revenue. We continue to use our ROI pricing tools to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Our volumes declined year-over-year by 3.3%, which is a 370 basis points improvement versus first quarter. Our commercial collection business has started to see increases in service frequency and we continue to see volume improvement in our industrial and landfill lines of business. We expect that by the fourth quarter our volumes will be flat to slightly positive. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $402 million or $1.05 per share. This is a 124% of adjusted book earnings. As you know, free cash flow is the best measure of quality earnings. We remain on track to meet our synergy target of $185 million to $190 million by year-end. This strong performance has enabled us to increase our quarterly dividend and increase our earnings and free cash flow guidance as Jim just mentioned. Before moving on to Tod's financial review, I would like to mention a few operational highlights in the quarter. First, we continue to experience positive results from our safety initiatives as accident frequency in the quarter is down more than 10% compared to last year. This is an area of keen focus for Republic and a continuance of a positive multiyear trend. Second, we are seeing a more normal seasonal increase in our temporary roll-off business. Although the level of business activity is down significantly from two years ago, we have not seen this level of sequential percentage increase since 2007. Third, during the first half of 2010, we have continued to expand our fleet of alternative energy vehicles with the purchase of 155 natural gas trucks. We will take delivery of an additional 110 natural gas fuel trucks by the end of 2010. Fourth, we have brought two additional single-stream recycling facilities online in the Twin Cities and Buffalo marketplaces, and plan to complete one more in Central Florida by the end of the year. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to achieving a high level of performance in all aspects of our business, their hard work and ability to execute. Our operating plan is clearly evidenced in our results. I'll now turn the call over to Tod for a recap of second quarter financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. Second quarter 2010 revenue, as Don said, was $2.1 billion. After considering the impact of revenues from operations divested in 2009, same-store revenue increased $18.4 million or almost 1%. Again, as Don mentioned earlier, this is the first positive internal growth since the third quarter of 2008 and consists of the following. Core price growth of 1.6%. In total, the collection lines of businesses saw a price increase of about 1.9% in the second quarter. This collection average includes commercial price of about 2%, industrial price of a little over 2.5%, and residential price of approximately 1.5%. I would like to remind everybody that our residential business has the largest percentage of index-based customers at over 70% index, and was impacted by the low CPI levels during the past 18 months. We still expect current-year CPI to be positive, but at lower levels than originally anticipated. Now, our landfill pricing. Landfill pricing, overall, increased by 1%. This includes municipal solid waste of 2.7% and that was partially offset by positive, but relatively lower-priced C&D and special waste event driven work. Again, we expect to achieve 2% price for the full year, which is within our original guidance range. In the second half, we will benefit from continued strength in our open market price, we will anniversary out some lower 2009 index pricing, and we will benefit from a 1% increase in environmental recovery fees that began in July. Now, let's talk briefly about recycling. Recycling commodity revenue had an increase of 1.5%. Prices increased approximately 67% to an average of $120 a ton in the current quarter from $72 per ton in the prior year. Second quarter MERS commodity volume of 464,000 tons was up sequentially by about 9%, however, was flat with the prior year. Currently, we are seeing July commodity prices of about $110 per ton, a decrease of $10 compared to the second quarter average. Lastly, on the price side, fuel recovery fee increase of 1.1%. The increase in fuel recovery fees relates to an increase, obviously, in the fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.03 in the second quarter of 2010 from a low $2.33 in the prior year and it was $2.85 in the first quarter. I might also mention that current fuel prices are $2.90 a gallon. So they've come down a little bit. Now, let's talk about volumes. Volumes were down only about 3.3%. As Don said, we saw a sequential improvement from Q1 2010 of about 370 basis points. This is favorable to our original expectations where we thought the second quarter would be a negative 4% to 5%. Where is this relatively better performance coming from? Well, we are seeing improvement trends in the collection business. Last year, we saw collection volume declines of over 8% second quarter year-over-year; and this year, we are seeing declines have improved in the low-single digits at approximately 4% decline. Volumes are also improving in all collection lines sequentially, led by industrial with a 520-basis point increase from the first quarter of 2010. This improvement reflects an increase in permanent hauls, primarily from manufacturing customers and also a more normal cyclical uptick from the temporary business. This level of seasonality was absent in the prior year. The sequential increase in commercial volumes is driven by continued improvement in net service changes and also an improvement in our retention rates. Now, our landfill volumes year-over-year had growth of 2.5  2.6%. This is a substantial improvement from the first quarter where we saw a year-over-year volume loss of a negative 8%. Sequentially, we saw improvements in MSW, C&D, and most significantly, special waste volumes. Now, let's talk briefly about our second quarter margins compared to the prior year. Second quarter EBITDA margin increased by 60 basis points excluding divestiture losses, restructuring charges, and costs to achieve synergies. Second quarter EBITDA margin was 31.3% compared to 30.7% in the prior year; and this margin, both the second quarter and year-to-date are somewhat ahead of our original guidance. Most importantly, this was widespread margin improvement that positively impacted most cost categories. I'll briefly comment on some of the significant changes in costs as a percentage of revenue, the details of which are available on our website and will be included in our 10-Q filing, which is going out, I believe, today. First, fuel. Fuel expense increased 90 basis points due to the 30% increase in the cost of diesel. As I mentioned earlier, diesel prices were $3.03 in the second quarter, up from $2.33 in the second quarter of '09. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel costs was an increase in the related fuel recovery fees revenue and this resulted in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of about 20 basis points. Second, our recycling, cost of goods sold. We saw a 60-basis point increase relating to increases in rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our MERS. Cost of goods sold at our MERS increased to an average of $38 a ton from $20 a ton in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases were more than offset  excuse me, commodity revenue increases more than offset this cost increase and that resulted in an increased spread of about $30 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 60-basis point improvement to EBITDA margin coming from commodities. Third, labor and related labor benefit costs. We saw a 40-basis point improvement in margin here and it's primarily due to synergy related staffing reductions, due to route consolidations in overlapped markets, favorable reductions in health care claims, and an overall improvement in the company's collection productivity. Fourth, our transfer and disposal costs. We saw a 60-basis point improvement here. And again, this margin benefit is coming from incremental landfill volumes that typically carry little or no associated disposal costs. Fifth, our maintenance and repair costs. We saw a 40-basis point improvement in margin here, primarily due to procurement-driven cost reductions and the benefit realized from our focus on fleet, and heavy maintenance  heavy equipment maintenance practices. Sixth, our transportation and subcontract expenses. We saw a 20-basis point improvement here, resulting primarily from synergy related cost reductions where we redirected waste streams within our more efficient transfer and disposal network. Next is risk management. As Don said, we've got good experience from a safety standpoint and we saw a 30-basis point improvement in margins related to required reserves due to improved frequency of claims, favorable claims development, and the  also, the realization of cost savings for third-party premiums and surety costs. And finally, our SG&A. Typically our SG&A runs around 10% of revenue. We are seeing SG&A costs, excluding costs to achieve synergies, of approximately 9.8%. This compares to 10% of revenue in the prior year. This 20-basis point improvement in margin relates to the leverage benefit of reducing expenses by $5 million, while maintaining a constant revenue base. The favorable variance includes reductions in salaries and other SG&A expenses of about $9 million. However, this was partially offset by increases in bad debt provision. As you might recall, last year we had very low bad debt in the second quarter due to some recoveries from companies coming out of bankruptcy. And this year, it is a more normal level of bad debt at about $8 million or 40 basis points of revenue. These changes comprised a majority of the year-over-year 60-basis point improvement in EBITDA margin. Our DD&A also improved by 30 basis points and this primarily relates to a reduction in landfill amortization expense. The cumulative impact of expansions and permit modifications that extend the life and reduce construction costs resulted in a favorable reduction in the per rate charge for landfill airspace consumed. I might remind everybody, DD&A, as a percentage of revenue, approximated 11.3%. And this level of DD&A is higher than our capital spending as a percentage of revenue, due to the amortization of intangibles arising out of our merger. Next is interest expense. Again, I also want to remain everyone that included in interest expense is about $24 million of non-cash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the Allied debt discount will decline. Now, let me talk briefly about our free cash flow for the six months ended June 30th. Year-to-date free cash flow was $402 million. This consisted of cash from operating activities of $595 million; property and equipment received $328 million; we do expect that we will be at the full $790 million of capital spend by the end of the year, so that's unchanged; plus, proceeds from the sale of property of about $13 million; plus, the merger related expenditures net of tax of about $12 million; and then we also, as you will recall, had a tax settlement related to some legacy issues arising at BFI of $110 million that was paid in the first half of the year. And if we excluded that, the adjusted free cash flow would be $402 million. Again, we define adjusted free cash flow based on CapEx received during the period and I would remind everybody that we have included a reconciliation of the timing difference between CapEx received versus CapEx paid and it's in our 8-K. Now, turning to our balance sheet. At June 30th, our accounts receivable balance was $898 million and our day sales outstanding was just under 40 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was $7.1 billion at June 30th and we had excess credit availability under our bank facility of approximately $930 million. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks, Tod. Don and I would like to comment on the process for executive transition here at Republic. As an organization, we believe that every successful company needs a plan to build, develop, and retain the appropriate level of management talent. Our Board of Directors has been focused on succession planning as a high priority for many years. One of the benefits of the merger was a much stronger talent base to draw from. When I announced my intention to retire, we began to execute the details of our plan with the goal to ensure a seamless transition. I am extremely confident that we are on the course to continue our track record of success and have full faith in Don to lead the next chapter of Republic's success. Most of the investment community already knows Don. If you don't, I can tell you that he has a proven track record as a leader, extensive experience in the industry, and maybe most important, a deep sense of commitment to our company shareholders. Over the course of the next five months, I will be working with Don to transition responsibilities and ensure a smooth and orderly succession. I look forward to participating in the 2011 planning process and I am especially committed to finalizing and closing out the first successful large-scale merger in the solid waste industry before I leave Republic Services. Now, I would like to turn it over to Don.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Jim. I agree that our transition will be a smooth one. Our succession announcement and related plan was well received across the organization and our transition plan is on track. As you already know, I selected Kevin Walbridge to join the management team at Phoenix where he will serve as Executive Vice President of Operations. I'll be working closely with Kevin and his team as I transition my day-to-day operating responsibilities. I look forward to serving our employees, our customers, and our shareholders as CEO on January 1st. Jim and I have built a strong team at Republic and I have great appreciation for their abilities and their contributions to our success. I welcome the opportunity to work with such a fine group of people. The entire team is committed to fulfilling the goals that Jim and I laid out for the company at the beginning of the year and likewise, they all share a strong belief in our company and our strategy. Republic has a very clear management objective  several objectives that I would like to reiterate specifically. We will maintain a safe and high-quality work environment for our people. We will continually improve our customers' experience and ensure that we are meeting their needs and managing their waste streams effectively. We will improve our return on capital through a disciplined approach to cost management, pricing, and capital allocation. We will intelligently grow our business through superior market planning and strategic investments. We will achieve and maintain lasting operational excellence throughout the organization and we will continually develop our people, build our talent, and expand the organization's capability. This of course all leads to our core objectives, which are to maintain a strong capital structure and generate consistent, high levels of free cash flow and return increasing amounts of free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. There is nothing new in these objectives, so if it sounds like more of the same, well, it is. This focus has delivered significant total returns to stakeholders during the past 12 years and we are committed to staying on this path. I am confident that the Republic team will optimize the value and strength of our assets and our market position. We will continue to deliver on the benefits of the merger and further Republic's track record of solid execution and value creation. Thanks again to our field management team for delivering outstanding performance during the first half of 2010. With that, I will ask our operator to join the call as we open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Scott Levine. Your line is open.
Scott Levine: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon, Scott.
Scott Levine: I was hoping you could provide maybe a little bit more color regarding the pricing trends that you are seeing in the marketplace sounds like you are disciplined, but CPI is coming in a little bit lower than you expected. And maybe a bit more color regarding churn rates that you are seeing in your business as well?
Don Slager: Yes, sure, Scott. This is Don. When we first did guidance and built our plan, we didn't expect CPI to dip down to 1.1% in the middle of the year like it did. And so  again, most of the reason for the 1.6% pricing is that just that CPI adjustment. And so as you know, half of our business is CPI index. That's really what is driving that. But we are seeing good  we are seeing good pricing in the marketplace and we've got a process build where we are reviewing all the customers annually, falling into a kind of an equal buckets throughout the year process, which works pretty well for us. So we've got good pricing across all lines of business, we are pretty happy with what we are seeing out there. What was the other part of your question?
Scott Levine: Yes, it was really  regarding the churn rates, whether you are seeing any change there or ?
Don Slager: Yes. (Multiple Speakers) We've  we are down around the 7% in the section [ph] of our business for the quarter. So we've always kind of looked at that kind of 8% being a good range and saw it pretty flat.
Scott Levine: Understood. A follow-up then on SG&A, if I can, you went below 10% of sales here. You could  I think you guys signaled 10% is about what we should expect. Is this about as low as you think it can get and we kind of hold here or as a conceivable, we could go lower?
Tod Holmes: No, I think it's realistic that we can go lower. I mean, obviously the SG&A is a function of the economy and as the volumes come back, we could leverage it down into the 9% plus range.
Jim O'Connor: We really talked about holding the dollars. The reinvestment (inaudible) whole dollar reinvestment.
Scott Levine: So as the business grows, the percentage drops.
Jim O'Connor: Exactly. So I mean, I think  but we are committed to spending that level to maintain the quality that we have within the organization.
Tod Holmes: Systems and training of our people.
Don Slager: Look at it this way. We are really  we are fully staffed, all the departments are functioning well. And as the volume comes back and the revenue goes up, then it is just math.
Jim O'Connor: Yes.
Scott Levine: Got it. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Hamzah Mazari: Thank you. First question, just how much of your volume improvement is coming from your competitive markets and what is price running at in those markets relative to your, call it, franchise markets, and how much of your residential business is tied to CPI again and in what particular regions?
Tod Holmes: Well, the residential business is about 70% CPI. And I think when you look at  now, we do have across the entire county CPI-based contracts, but there is a heavier weighting of the CPI in the south and  particularly in the southwest and west, where the franchises encompass all lines of business.
Don Slager: And so by the very nature, the franchise businesses are tied to more of a CPI index-type situation, Hamzah. And so you tend to get a little more pricing than in your open market opportunity.
Tod Holmes: Now, we have modeled CPI and the rollover of CPI quarter-by-quarter and we have some of the contracts that are anniversarying out. So as we look into the third, fourth quarter, well, the current CPI is a little bit lower. At least within this year quarter-by-quarter, we see some upticks in the second half there.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. And just a follow-up question. You talked about normal seasonality returning on the volume side. Are you beginning to see any operating leverage in terms of incremental EBITDA margin flow through or is it just too early to tell and you need more of a bounce in volumes on both the industrial and the commercial side returning?
Don Slager: Yes, it's a little too early. So while we are seeing the year-over-year volume numbers decline, right  or the gaps decline, we are still negative year-over-year in volume, 3.3%. So we've got to get to a positive volume environment for volume (inaudible). That's when we will see that operating leverage and as we said in the comments, we expect to be coming at zero or a slight positive volume situation by 
Jim O'Connor: But I mean, I think too that 370 basis points of improvement that we told you about in volume, all right, is not just the comp  not the volume comping out here. This is  we have seen some marginal increases in our small container business through service increases. We've seen our industrial permanent and as in Tod's  in Don's comments, we pointed out. And we are starting to see some increased landfill volumes, especially surrounding special waste. So we are seeing some improvement in the economy and we do believe that the business does have operating leverage in it going forward. But I think as Don said, it's just a little early to tell right now when we still really look at kind of earnings being almost 50-50 versus what  in a traditional year when we saw traditional seasonality, it was 48-50.
Hamzah Mazari: You mean, first half to second half?
Jim O'Connor: Yes, of earnings. So I think  look at  we believe the economy is getting a little bit better. We believe that the business is  from a pricing perspective, is operating online. We will be at the lower end of our guidance in pricing by  for full year. So I mean, all in all, we just  I mean, I believe that this is a great quarter. And again, business is operating just as we saw it would, other than the idea that the CPI is  has got a headwind.
Hamzah Mazari: Great, makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Ellis with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jonathan Ellis: Thanks, guys.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ellis: Good afternoon. First question just on pricing, that's the topic that you are  can you just help us to understand in the second half of the year, what percentage of your revenue is going to be potentially impacted by any further fluctuations in CPI? My understanding is more of it is tied to the first half of the year, but can you help us understand exposure in the second half of the year? And then the related question there would be what your assumptions are for competitive versus index-based pricing for the second half of the year?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think the pricing  I'm thinking of some of our larger contracts, we have  for example Las Vegas, which is a  those contracts are July CPI we said, and some of the larger West Coast contracts are September. So I don't know that it's necessarily heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. I think it just depends on  we are going to get a little bit more CPI price in the second half, but that's really a function of that book of contracts that we have and how the terms were written and how they reset last year versus this year. So I  I don't necessarily have  I can't say two-thirds of our contracts are reset in the second half and one-third in the first half. I don't have that statistic.
Jonathan Ellis: So just to be clear, that means that theoretically you  we could see the same degree of volatility in the second half of the year if CPI fluctuates perhaps on the upside or the downside in the last six months?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think a lot of what we are going to see this year is pretty well set, now that we are halfway through the year. So as we analyze our contracts, we will get a little bit more CPIs priced in the second half of the year. I think the volatility, you bring a good point  the volatility, if CPI picks back up, then we will have a little bit more CPI if we roll into '11. So it's probably more of a '11 issue than it is a '10 issue.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay. And then just the second question on repurchases. I saw you obviously increased the dividend, but you are holding off on the  any clarification on repurchases? Help us understand why wait until November; why not provide us with some sense now as to what your repurchase plans are.
Jim O'Connor: Well, I mean, I think it's  one, it's a process that we embarked upon early part of last year to start to review where we were in the integration and what the capabilities of the business were to generate significant amounts of free cash flow. I think the  the other thing is we've been clear that we are looking to announce a share repurchase to be effectuated in 2011 after we finished completion of our de-levering program. And so I think it's consistent with the way we've approached it and planned it that the Board will make the decision on share repurchase in the third quarter call. And I think we've been clear to say that in a number of conferences that we've been at. And the order of magnitude that we've been talking about the share repurchase to be is in the area of $300 million to $400 million to be acted on in the 2011 calendar year and probably, with a bias to the upper end of that.
Tod Holmes: Yes. So Jonathan, we will be paying down more debt here in the second half of this year and then making that  the Board will be looking at that as Jim indicated in November.
Jonathan Ellis: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vance Edelson: Hi, thank you. Regarding the targeted run rate for synergies by year-end, when we think about modeling out 2011, would it be reasonable to assume even more incremental synergies next year? And as part of the same question, maybe if you could provide an update specifically on automating your routes? I think in the past you've mentioned you are not quite way  quite halfway through that process.
Tod Holmes: Yes. Well, first of all, I think we have steadily moved the synergies up as we moved through the year and actually even last year. I think we are reaching sort of a plateau here. There might be a little bit of upside, but I think the business is pretty well integrating. By the end of probably October, we should be pretty much done with this. And you can also see that there is not a lot cost to achieve synergies. So the one  where we are at in second quarter maybe about $185 million run rate. I think our guidance is $185 million to $190 million and we will be at the $190 million probably as we wrap up this year. And we had talked in the past about some strategic projects, which the company is working on and we are actually spending P&L dollar today to focus on certain number of areas. But the benefits of those really come in probably in '12 and '13. So the whole synergy cycle and the cost to achieve synergy cycle really ends in December.
Don Slager: Yes. We will obviously talk more about those additional initiatives when we talk about 2011 guidance. As far as automation goes, we've got a plan coming together now. It's essentially a five-year plan to automate the remaining parts of our residential business that is automatable. And we are working that through, the priorities and as contracts come available to do that over the next five years and those will have bigger turns attached to them. So we are  we've got a lot of great success in that. So we are just going to continue to do that over the next five years.
Vance Edelson: All right. That's helpful. And as a quick follow-up, could you provide any insight into volume trends during the quarter and into July as the improvement has been fairly steady?
Tod Holmes: A little bit better in June, I think. But again, we are not about to declare a victory on the economy. But it was a little bit better in June.
Vance Edelson: And can you comment on July or is it the numbers arent in yet?
Jim O'Connor: The only thing we can comment on July, it's July.
Vance Edelson: Yes, that's great.
Don Slager: I mean, the good news as well is we had seasonality that we didn't see last year. So that's again another good fact in the trend.
Vance Edelson: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale with First Analysis. Your line is open.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good afternoon.
Tod Holmes: Good afternoon, Corey.
Don Slager: Hi, Corey.
Corey Greendale: So I had a question about the pricing. Can you just help us model the environmental fee increase, like what  how many basis points would that add to a pricing  reported pricing if that rolls out?
Tod Holmes: Well, it's about a 1% increase effective July 1st. So for the fiscal year, it's probably about 20 basis points full year.
Jim O'Connor: Right. So when we talk about the lower end of our guidance, it's really we are still at about that 2% range or about 1.8% if you backed out the impact of the environmental fee that will take effect in July.
Corey Greendale: Okay, and 
Tod Holmes: 20 basis points is the answer to your modeling question.
Corey Greendale: Okay, good. And then I realize that CPI  actually, correct me if this is wrong. But I think CPI-related volumes, those arent as much the more cyclical or incremental volumes as the economy recovers, but  again, correct me if that's wrong, but I think you said that you expect the margin on incremental volume as it returns to be in the range of 40%, 45%.
Tod Holmes: Yes, that's right.
Corey Greendale: And that's  presumably, that  there price is a variable in determining that. So I just want to kind of confirm that pricing is strong enough where we are right now that would  that you still think that's the case.
Jim O'Connor: We still believe we are going to have  we will be or exceeding our guidance for EBITDA margins.
Don Slager: Right.
Jim O'Connor: Which is 31%.
Don Slager: Right. And remember Corey, you know that incremental margin is a function of density, it's a function of capacity that we have in the system with some trucks that are parked from  we had several hundred trucks mothballed ready to go back into service. It's a function of  again, the SG&A discussion we had before, we are fully staffed, we don't have to add overhead to manage the new volume. So again, that incremental margin is a function of that. And as CPI pricing  remember, when we are in  CPI is lower and we are in a low-cost inflation situation as well. And as Jim said in his comments, the real key is that our pricing activities produce more revenue than our total cost inflation, right, to continue that margin expansion. And we've talked about getting anywhere from 50 BPs to 150 BPs of price in addition to inflation and we are successful in doing that. And that's the key and so that  well, CPI doesn't worry us overall and if CPI comes back and the inflation is good and we will see that build back. But I think we are in good place for next year.
Corey Greendale: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Hoffman with Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon, Michael.
Don Slager: Hi, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: The  hi, guys. How are you doing? To work  for the free cash flow guidance to work, you got to have a pretty big working capital swing in the second half. Can you tell us where the flexion is in that with what's going first half versus second half?
Tod Holmes: Yes, that's pretty straightforward. It's  first of all, with the seasonal uptick, our  I think you will see it in the Q; our receivables went up by about maybe $60 million, close to $900 million. So that's just  we are carrying higher receivables in the summer months. Typically that drops off in November and December in a more normal seasonal cycle. The other is, if you remember, at the end of last year our payables kind of spiked up in December and we paid a lot of cash out on payables. And so there is a normal cycle in payables also, which is another maybe $50 million or so. So I think those are a couple of the big items and it's really working capital. And as we look at the year again, CapEx, we think is going to be pretty much in line with our guidance. Again, we move the free cash flow up, consistent with where the earnings was going and I think depending on what happens with taxes, there has been some noise about bonus depreciation. I'm not sure Congress can get its act together on anything, but if they did, maybe we would have some further upside if bonus depreciation we'll put back in for 2010. So we feel very comfortable with that $725 million to $750 million. And we think we are in a very strong position from a cash flow standpoint, we will be de-levering through the end of this year and in a strong cash flow position next year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Just  no, this isn't my second question; I just want to make sure I understood. The correction in the working capital 
Jim O'Connor: Wait a second, Mike. Wait a second, now. This isn't your second question?
Michael Hoffman: No, no. I just wanted to make sure I understand. The correction of working capital you are expecting in the fourth quarter, that's from modeling standpoint, right?
Tod Holmes: Yes. Well, that's why I think  the tax  (Multiple Speakers) couple of headwinds in the first half of the year.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Okay and you are just targeting the fourth quarter for the correction, the big part of the correction, right?
Tod Holmes: When we speak to cash flows, we really speak to the full year. You get noise in there from tax payments; you get noise in there in terms of the timing of landfill construction, cell development, that sort of things.
Don Slager: It's always lumpy.
Tod Holmes: It's always lumpy. So really 
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Tod Holmes: We will have substantial debt pay down in the 
Jim O'Connor: We got a tremendous amount of confidence in that  in that cash flow. (inaudible)
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then the share buyback, how is the  where is the rating agencies head about the dividend policy and the share buyback and will you not buy something back in December? I mean, if you started  announce it in November, you wouldn't buy anything in December?
Ed Lang: Well, I think first 
Jim O'Connor: This is Ed Lang.
Ed Lang:  talk about the rating agencies, we've already discussed with them in recent annual update meetings what our plans were. And so they fully understand what the company plan is and support the ratings of the company. And so we are confident that we are in a good position from that perspective. And as far as timing, that's really a decision that the Board of Directors will make at the meeting in early November, and it might start in the late Q4, but it would be no later than Q1.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, great.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin: Hi, guys. This is actually Kevin [ph] filling in for Al. Most of my questions have been answered, but just the follow-up on the volume, I guess, discussion. I see you guys saw some pretty good improvements in both commercial and special waste volumes. But were there specific regions in the country where most of that improvement came from or was it more kind of broad-based across the entire country?
Jim O'Connor: Yes, I think we  again, probably similar to what we reported in the first quarter call, we saw anecdotal evidence of manufacturing and light industry improving in the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic states, still not a strong recovery in the south and the west. And so that's where we are really seeing the upticks there. And again, those are good signs. In the special waste line of business, we are seeing still a very strong funnel. So we don't see any reason to anticipate any drop-off in special waste other  in fact, actually I think we would probably predict some acceleration.
Kevin: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. O'Connor for his closing remarks.
Jim O'Connor: Thank you, Holly. In summary, I am very pleased with our second quarter and our first half year results. I know that Don has already mentioned this, but I wanted to add my appreciation to the field organization and the management team here at corporate, for their extraordinary efforts through the integration process and for their excellent financial performance through the first half of 2010. I would like to remind everybody on the call that there is a recording that will be available through August 5th by calling 203-369-3404. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings and a discussion of our business activities along with a recording of this call are available on Republics website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in industrial conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website along with the instructions for listening to the web  the live webcast of the event. So with that, I would like to thank everyone for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the first quarter 2010 conference call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this afternoon is Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim OConnor. Todays call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republics summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. OConnor. Good afternoon, Mr. OConnor.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this afternoon. This is Jim OConnor and Id like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter conference call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our first quarter performance. Id like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is April 29, 2010. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Im pleased to report that we have a strong start in 2010.  Were on track to perform at the upper end of our EPS guidance and weve started to see positive signs in our industrial permanent and landfill business.  Don will give you some details on these volume increases later in the call. We believe we are well positioned for positive results in 2010 due to our pricing discipline, cost controls, realization of merger synergies, and our commitment to improve return on invested capital. The financial highlights for the first quarter are revenue of approximately $2 billion.  Net income adjusted primarily for merger related and debt refinancing expenses was $158 million or $0.41 per share.  Adjusted EBITA margins were 31.7%.  This record performance highlights the ability of our field organization to maintain pricing discipline and a cost competitive structure while working through the integration process. We also saw significant improvement in our risk costs which is a result of our focus on safety.  Core price increase for the first quarter was 2.2%.  We continue to use our return on investment pricing tools to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Volumes declined approximately 6.2% after accounting for weather conditions which was better than our expectations.  We also benefited from strong pricing for recycled paper, particularly OCC which had an average price of $145 per ton in the quarter.  Currently OCC is selling for approximately $135 per ton. Adjusted free cash flow was $245 million or $0.64 per share which is 156% of adjusted book earnings.  Remember, free cash flow is the best measure of the quality of earnings.  Our board has approved also a dividend of $0.19 per share payable July 15, 2010.  During the first quarter Republic issued $1.5 billion of debt which Ed Lang, our Treasurer, will talk to later in the call. As a result of the refinancing activity completed in 2009 and 2010 we have achieved total financing synergies of approximately $30 million.  Therefore, we are increasing our synergy guidance to $185 million to $190 million. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer, has been leading Republic through the integration and cost savings process and has far exceeded expectations both in the amount and the timeliness of the synergies achieved.  So now Id like to turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks, Jim.  Let me start by commenting on the success of the merger to date.  We exited the first quarter with annual run rate synergies of $180 million.  This includes $150 million from operating and SG&A savings and $30 million from debt refinancing.  We continue to outperform against our original goal of $150 million in annual run rate synergies. Throughout the integration process, additional opportunities have been identified which create value for our shareholders.  The senior management team recently developed plans for these post-integration business initiatives which fall into two broad categories.  First, profitable growth and second, operational effectiveness.  The opportunities in profitable growth include enhancements to our pricing systems and tools, our sales support systems and sales reporting, customer service and call centers, and national accounts management capability. The opportunities within operational effectiveness includes benefits from disposal optimization, repair and maintenance systems and processes, data dashboards and decision support tools for our field managers, and ePro which is our electronic procurement system. We are investing $8 million this year in these initiatives.  We expect to realize and additional $40 million to $60 million in annual run rate earnings from these efforts by 2013. We recently had our first corporate wide management conference that included 500 leaders from throughout the organization. We used this meeting to discuss and to reinforce five priorities for 2010 which include: First, safety.  Our number one priority is to offer a safe, respectful, and rewarding workplace for our employees.  We have continued our strong performance regarding claim frequency in 2010 and have started to see this multi year improvement reflected in our self insurance reserves. Second, customer experience.  All of our marketing and service efforts have a single focus:  putting the customer first.  We will continue to improve our service quality and service offerings to be sure we are exceeding our customers expectations. Third, targeted profitable growth.  We are using our return on investment models to analyze our marketplaces in order to get the full value of our national business platform, including our disposal network.  We continue to maintain our pricing discipline as we grow our business.  As a result, we will have significant operating leverage as the economy recovers. Fourth, integration and synergy capture.  Our ability to integrate our business platform and extract significant cost savings has exceeded our expectations by approximately 25%.  We will complete the final phase of the integration this fall. Fifth is something we call durability.  We are utilizing innovative management tools and practices in our field operations to achieve and maintain a high performance level. We have made extra effort during the integration process to validate that our training programs and support systems stand up to our high standards over time. Our [key one] margin performance validates that our cost savings have been sustained. As we demonstrate continued success around these five priorities, we will create higher returns on capital and improved free cash flow performance.  As Jim mentioned, Republic achieved a record EBITDA margin of 31.7% in the quarter. Finally, we are beginning to see improved volume in our cyclical revenue streams.  We are seeing the improvement across the country and from different industries, particularly in permanent industrial and landfill volumes.  Some examples of this increase in business activity are the following: Petro chemical facilities along the Texas coast, automotive industry and RV manufacturers in the Midwest, steel manufacturers in the east and Midwest, and special waste projects in the west. The business activity is encouraging and well have a clearer picture for you during our mid-year guidance.  Id like to thank our entire field area and region management teams for their commitment to our success.  Weve had a great quarter. I will now turn the call over to Tod for a recap of the first quarter financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Before I review financial details for the quarter, Id like to take a moment to reaffirm our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year.  While we dont provide specific quarterly financial guidance, with the recent completion of our debt refinancing that Ed will discuss later, we feel very comfortable with the upper end of our full year guidance range of $1.63 to $1.67 earnings per share. As is the practice in the past, we will provide updated complete guidance during our second quarter conference call in July.  Now lets turn to the first quarter.  First quarter 2010 revenue was $1.960 billion as compared to $2.06 billion last year, a decrease of about 5%. We divested of some operations in 2009 and that contributed to a 2.3% decline of that 5%. The remaining 2.7% decrease on a same store basis consists of the following factors:  first, core price growth of 2.2% and again this is within our guidance range.  We continue to see core price improvements in all of our collection lines of business.  This approximates 2.8% for the collection lines taken as a whole.  The MSW landfill business had positive pricing of 2.1%; however, this was partially offset by mix coming from relatively lower C&D and special waste event driven work.  Therefore, the net landfill price was positive 0.3%. Core pricing again is in line with our expectations as we are seeing the impact of the lower price resets to our index based customer, which is simply a function of contractual terms. As weve mentioned in the past, approximately 50% of our revenues are tied to indexed based pricing. Price increases for our non-indexed base customers remain strong and are relatively consistent with prior quarters.  Commodity revenue is a strong positive for the quarter.  Commodity revenue increased 1.8%.  Commodity prices increased approximately 98% to an average of $125 per ton in the current year from $63 a ton in the first quarter of the prior year. First quarter material recovery commodity volume of 422,000 tons reflects a 2% decrease from the prior year.  First quarter average price increase $27 per ton from $98 per ton in the fourth quarter of 2009 so a substantial year-over-year and also sequential improvement.  We are seeing our average commodity price decrease currently by about $17 per ton from March to April and this is driven primarily by a reduction in OCC prices of about $34 a ton. Our fuel recovery fee was an increase of 0.3% in revenue.  This increase relates to an increase in fuel costs. What we are seeing is the average price per gallon of diesel increase to $2.85 in the first quarter of 2010 from $2.19 in the prior year and $2.74 in the fourth quarter.  As I mentioned, our current fuel prices are slightly higher at $3.07 per gallon. Volumes were down 7%.  This is a sequential improvement from fourth quarter 2009 of about 270 basis points.  You might recall that quarter was 9.7%.  The year-over-year change of 7% includes a 40 basis point decrease due to Hurricane Ike volumes in the prior year and then the adverse impact of weather in the first couple months of this quarter of 30 to 40 basis points We saw a mid single digit decline in collection business, volume loss was in the low double digit range for industrial, driven primarily by the temporary business.  Were starting to see an uptick of volumes in our permanent manufacturing customers as Don had indicated. The sequential increase in permanent hauls is consistent with pre-2009 changes in seasonality. Additionally, the average weights of our industrial customers increased by about 3% compared to the prior year, again an indicator of increased customer activity.  Now our temporary business continues to be slow due to relatively low levels of construction activity and certainly the severe weather experienced in many of our markets earlier in the quarter may have had an impact. Our landfill volumes declined by 8%.  Again, this was a substantial improvement over the first quarter of 2009 when those volumes were off 16%.  The trend continues to improve.  In the month of March special waste volume showed year-over-year of growth for the first time since the third quarter of 2008. While its still too early to determine whether were seeing a sustained improvement in economically sensitive volumes, were monitoring volumes closely and will provide additional information in July as part of our mid-year guidance update. Lets talk briefly about our margins.  First quarter year-over-year margins for 2010 excluding divestiture losses, restructuring costs, and cost to achieve synergies was 31.7% compared to 30.4% in the prior year, an improvement of 30 basis points.  Excluding the impact of DOJ divestitures that generally carried a higher margin than the company average because of the concentration in landfill and small container collection business, the EBITDA margins actually improved by 40 basis points. Let me comment on the significant changes in cost as a percentage of revenue and I would like to remind everyone that detail of our margin and our cost of operations by cost category are available on our website and will be included in our 10-Q filing.  First fuel.  Fuel expense increased 110 basis points due primarily to a 30% increase in the cost of diesel.  Again, the average price per gallon increased to $2.85 in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $2.19 in the first quarter of the prior year and as I mentioned earlier, current prices are $3.07 a gallon so we can expect a little more headwind from fuel. Partially offsetting this increase in fuel cost was an increase in related fuel recovery fees resulting in a net decrease of EBITDA margin associated with fuel of 70 basis points.  Second, lets talk about recycling cost of goods sold.  The 60 basis point increase in expense relates to increases and rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our murfs.  Cost of goods sold at our murfs increased to an average of almost $38 per ton from approximately $17 a ton in the prior year. Commodity revenue increases more than offset this increase in cost, thus resulting in an increased spread on commodities of approximately $41 per ton.  This is a net favorable impact of 80 basis points improvement in EBITDA margin for the quarter and again as Jim talked about commodity pricing we would expect to see this favorable benefit going forward. Third, labor and related benefits.  The 20 basis point improvement in margin relates primarily to synergy related staff reductions due to [inaudible] consolidations and overlapped markets and an overall improvement in collection productivity. Fourth, maintenance and repairs.  There is a 70 basis point improvement in margin related to synergy related costs reductions and the timing of our fleet replacement plan.  2010 truck deliveries are more evenly weighted throughout the year, resulting in reduced fleet maintenance costs. Fifth, transportation and subcontracts expenses.  We saw a 20 basis point improvement in margin, again resulting from synergy related cost reductions arising from redirected waste streams to our more efficient disposal network. Next, risk management.  A substantial improvement here.  There was a 100 basis point improvement in margin related to reductions in required reserves, and this again, as Don had indicated, is due to improved claims frequency rates, favorable claims development, and the realization of synergy related cost savings for third party premiums and surety costs.  I might mention we do an actuarial report this quarter and this may be a little bit lumpy but certainly were in a positive trend here. Finally, SG&A.  Theres a 20 basis point increase in expense and this primarily relates to an increase in cost associated with some legal matters partially offset by synergy related reductions in headcount and non-headcount cost, including travel professional fees, and facility costs. Our Q1 2010 SG&A cost as a percentage of revenue excluding costs to achieve synergies approximated 10.2% compared to 10% in the prior year.  Looking forward, we believe that SG&A cost in the 10% range is appropriate.  These changes comprise the majority of the year-over-year margin improvement in EBITDA.  Let me briefly talk about tour DD&A which declined 50 basis points and that relates to a reduction in landfill amortization expense. Expansions in permanent modifications were approved which extended the life and reduced cost at certain landfills, resulting in a favorable reduction in the per ton rate we charge our air space consumed.  DD&A as a percentage of revenue approximated 11.4%. Finally, our interest expense.  The company recorded non-cash interest expense of a little over $28 million in the first quarter of 2010.  This arises primarily from the amortization of Allied debt which as you will recall was recorded at a significant discount at the time of the merger.  During the quarter we also recorded a $132 million loss or $0.22 per share related to premiums paid in non-cash write offs of discounts and fees associated with the recently completed note refinancing and tender of $1.5 billion. Id like to take the opportunity to remind everyone of the impact the merger had on book earnings.  In purchase accounting, we were required in December of 2008 to re-value Allieds fixed assets, intangible assets, environmental liabilities, and debt. AS a result, our DD&A as a percentage of revenue is 11.4% which is higher than both companies on a pre-merger basis and certainly higher than the industry average, but again, its not cash. In addition, our non-cash interest expense for the quarter as I mentioned earlier was approximately $28 million.  As Jim mentioned earlier, cash flow is really the best measure of the quality of earnings and our adjusted free cash flow was $245 million or $0.64 per share, substantially above our book earnings. Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to further discuss our financing initiatives.
Ed Lang: Thanks, Tod.  Lets talk about liability management.  During the first quarter we issued $850 million of 10 year debt at a 5% coupon and $650 million of 30 year debt at 6.2%.  With the financing proceeds of $1.5 billion, we called $1.025 of existing notes with an average interest rate of 6.8% that matures in 2014 and 2015.  We repaid a $300 million account with [Seawoof] Financing and we also repaid some of our existing bank debt. The positive impact from this refinancing was included in the high end of our 2010 earnings guidance provided in February.  Our 2010 interest expense guidance was $500 million to $515 million.  We are now at the lower end of this range.  We continue to look at additional debt refinancing opportunities which may further reduce interest expense. Now Ill discuss free cash flow.  In the first quarter adjusted free cash was $245 million which consisted of 1) cash provided by operating activities of $299 million less property and equipment received of $128 million plus proceeds from the sale of property of $6 million plus merger related expenditures net of tax of $8 million plus legacy tax settlement related to BFI of $60 million.  This equals adjusted free cash of $254 million. We define adjusted free cash flow based on capital expenditures received during the period.  We have included a reconciliation of the timing difference between capital expenditures received versus paid in our 8-K filing.  We remain comfortable with our adjusted cash flow guidance of $700 million to $725 million for the full year. Now Ill discuss our balance sheet.  At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $851 million and our days sales outstanding was 40 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue.  Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at March 31.  During the quarter the principal amount of debt remained essentially flat while the reported amount of debt increased approximately $100 million due to the writeoff of debt discounts. Excess credit availability under our bank facility is approximately $900 million.  Now Ill turn the call back to Jim.
Jim OConnor: Thanks, Ed.  As you know, we historically provide a detailed update of our financial guidance on the second quarter earnings call.  However, Id like to make a few comments as to trends were seeing in our business today. As we discussed we are increasing our year end weight for synergy guidance to $185 million to $190 million.  We are starting to see some positive signs in the cyclical revenue streams, particularly permanent industrial and landfill volumes.  We continue to achieve expected price increases and our volume performance in the first quarter was at the higher end of our expectations.  The fact that we are achieving record EBITDA margins in a business environment that has not fully recovered is a strong statement regarding the operating leverage that resides in our business platform. We have achieved significant financing synergies and have restructured our balance sheet that ensures a low cost of capital structure for the next 10 years.  Our focus continues on increasing shareholder value and that remains intact by this quarters results.  During the next two board meetings, we will review our cash utilization strategy regarding dividend payout and share repurchase while maintaining our conservative financial profile. With that, Id like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Scott Levine  JPMorgan.
Scott Levine: With regard to the uptick that you seem to be seeing in cyclical activity, could you provide maybe a little bit more color geographically across regions where you might be seeing a little bit more activity versus a little bit less?
Don Slager: As I said in my comments, were seeing an uptick in the west regions specifically with special waste, which is a good sign. Thats always been a big producer of special waste for our business.  So seeing the special waste come back as Tod said, seeing growth in that segment for the first time since 08 is a good thing. On the manufacturing side, were seeing in the Midwest, specifically Detroit and Indiana, also in the Mid-Atlantic states, so were seeing it kind of come back in the way that it left so its a good sign.  Weve seen a little bit of seasonality but were also seeing some real what I would almost call a structural change in some of the manufacturing going from adding second shifts and producing additional loads.  Its a good sign and we know in the manufacturing business that shows up pretty quickly in our waste volume so were happy to see it.
Scott Levine: Can you give some example of some of the names around the country?
Don Slager: [Severstall] Steel in Western Pennsylvania.  [Midall] Steel  in the skyline area, the refining companies in particular in Texas and predominantly Houston.  We see the RV and automotive industry, particularly companies like Gulfstream, Keystone RV.  We see  in the New England states, we see some additional weekend shifting at 3M in New England with their touch-screen manufacturing, and weve seen a number of other businesses in the Midwest. So as Don said, I mean, weve got some real I think anecdotal evidence that were starting to see some improvement in the economy and in particular, were starting to see it in our industrial collection permanent business and volumes that emanate from our third-party competitors probably at our landfill see the same sorts of increased organic growth.
Don Slager: And Scott, we saw it kind of come in late in the quarter, and at March, mid-March and beyond, and then weve seen it continue into April.  So that bodes well for the future hopefully.
Scott Levine: Yes, its encouraging.  One other thought, if I may.  Before the merger Republic had a slight bias or received a slight bias in terms of use as a free cash and returning it to shareholders for favoring the buy-back.  You know, when you reach a point where youre looking to do that again, would you  should we expect the same proportional mix of car buy-back versus dividend increases or can you give us maybe some preliminary thoughts on what you would envision when you reach that point in returning cash dollars?
Don Slager: Yeah.  You know, I guess, again, when we look at the pre-cash flow and the distribution of the cash flow, I mean, I think we probably look to stay in the range of 40% to dividend, in that range, and the balance then, you know, a little bit for continued debt repurchase, and then the balance of the pre-cash flow would have a bias to shareholders because we still believe that theres a tremendous value capture there and I think youll see us move in that direction, the board move in that direction in our third-quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Ellis with Bank of America
Jonathan Ellis: First question I wanted to ask is related to -- and Ill make it a two-part question, given the limitation.  In terms of pricing changes, core price changes throughout the year, would you talk a little bit about how CPI adjustments may impact your contracts that are resetting as of July 1st.  And then the second part would be any thoughts on raising the environmental fee given what waste management mentioned earlier today?
Don Slager: Were not going to comment on waste managements environmental fee, and again, I think what  you know, in our business, we continue to review all of our costs and fee structures regularly.  So when we deem it appropriate to modify those fees and or adjust our pricing for changes in the cost structure of our business, well do so.  So again, we continue to review those and at this particular point in time were very pleased with the recovery fees that we have in place and the pricing that weve got in the marketplace.
Jonathan Ellis: Im sorry.  Could you also just quantify in terms of the CPI adjustment, what that may mean for contracts that are resetting as of July 1st?
Don Slager: Well, I think we built that into our guidance.  If we looked at the 2010 guidance for price, we figured that the index-based pricing would be about 1.5%.  I think where the index is now, its probably a little bit higher than that.  Its probably about a little over 2%, maybe 2.3%.  So yeah, its going to depend on the contract and weve got some contracts that reset in July, some contracts that reset in September, and you know, some of them are resetting off of either current price or its resetting off of December 31st 09 price, you know.  So while I think that if its a December 09 reset, its going to be a little bit lower, but as we get later in the year, we should start to see a little bit more benefit in the resetting of those prices.
Jonathan Ellis: Overall, we think a little bit of inflation in CPI is good for us.  So directionally, its headed in the right direction for us in the timing of these rollovers.
Don Slager: When we look at the CPI today, its right in line with our December-based guidance.
Jonathan Ellis: Right.
Don Slager: So, I mean, we dont really see any reason to deviate at this particular time.
Jonathan Ellis: My second question is just related to recycling.  I would have I guess expected a little bit more of a contribution to the top line, given what had happened to recycling prices during the quarter.  Can you help us understand, in terms of their contracts that you have in place now, are there ceilings that exist in order to protect yourself a little bit on the downside, and you know, any sort of relationship between OCC or commodity prices generally and the drill down to EBITDA
Don Slager: Well, you know, weve got some of our commodities hedged, and Ill let Ed talk to the hedge, but as the contracts have come up with Mills, weve continued to renegotiate those contracts and tried to improve the floor positions that we had in those contracts.  So we have effectively I think either hedged or through Mill contracts got a portion of our commodities price-protected.  And again, as the market continues to stay strong and those contracts come up, were going to try to obviously renegotiate those contracts with our core pricing.  So I dont know if you want any 
Tod Holmes: Well, those were sharing component with our customers on the upside, so as revenues go up in those commodities, we share that with our customers as well.  So we dont keep it all.
Don Slager: Right.  Its about 30% that we share.
Tod Holmes: Right.  I think just generally, Bill, our quarterly filings we have a full disclosure of the existing OCC and ONP hedges we have in place, primarily for this year and next year, with a little bit into 12.  But if you look at it in terms of percentages as far as floor contracts and financial hedges, approximately 60% of our volumes have some type of protection, either the floor contract or financial hedge.
Don Slager: And you asked the question, Jonathan, about the impact, you know, on the profitability.  And I think if we were  I mentioned it earlier.  If we look at the net commodity impact year over year, its about a positive 80-based points.  And if you want to look at kind of the sensitivity, you know, from an earnings standpoint, our murfs do probably about a million six in terms of tons per year, and you know, $10 of commodity price increase is probably worth about a penny and a half in earnings per year to the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hamzah Mazari  with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on volumes.  You know, are you beginning to see service increases versus decreases turn positive this quarter, and is this the first quarter youre seeing that?  And then, you know, could you comment based on current trends; you know, if they continue, how do you see volume playing out on a quarterly basis?
Don Slager: Hamzah, this is Don.  Weve not seen service increases yet on our commercial business.  When we talk about service increases or decreases, were typically talking the commercial small container business.  So again, were not seeing any really movement yet in the construction part of the business.  What were seeing is kind of what youd expect, again as I said before, manufacturing increase in volumes kind of converts pretty quickly, or volume numbers, if construction starts to kick up at some point, there is a pretty big lag in that. But service increases and decreases in the commercial system really tend to lag the economic changes.  So, you know, when we first saw the economy start to hurt, we saw service increases start to slow, and then we saw service decreases start to rise, and service increases stop altogether, so now weve seen service decreases really start to flatten out and stop.  We dont really have any net change in that, but we are seeing  we have not yet seen the service increases return.  A little complicated maybe, but were waiting for it and were looking for it, and if the manufacturing continues to stay up, and some of these other segments start to come back, we should in due time see those increases come back to the commercial system.  So were looking for it as well as you are.
Tod Holmes: Yes.  I might also mention that our volume guidance was based on what we saw in December of 04, I think, as a company.  You know, as Don was talking about the industrial and the special waste, you know, we think that what were seeing here is a little bit stronger than maybe our initial guidance from the fourth quarter economic conditions.  So bit of a positive, but Id say stay tuned.  Well have a bunch of better clarity in July.
Don Slager: A little too soon.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a follow-up question on the cost side of your business.  If you could just give us a sense of, you know, how to think about the cost in your system coming back, you know, when volume comes back, you know, obviously youll have some incremental margin. volume starts to ramp up, but how should we think about some of the costs that youve taken out since the downturn coming back over the course of, you know, the next 18 months?
Don Slager: I think what we said publicly before is that, you know, we have some asset leverage.  Weve taken a number of trucks and put them in the standby line, so we do have about approximately 300 across all lines of business that we could put back in service.  In fact, actually, in Texas we put some of those back in service already.  So I mean, weve got asset leverage, and then I think when we look at leveraging the business for growth, you know, were looking at about a percent of organic growth we believe that would come in at relatively higher margins than normal organic growth, again, stressing the structure that weve got on the way up.  We think those EBITDA margins could be, on that incremental 1% of organic growth, 40 to 45%.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Al Cashchok with Wedbush].
Al Cashchok: Really, its hard to find anything wrong with the quarter, and so I wanted to just press a little bit further on just this last topic.  Just theoretically, it seems you fluxed down the cost quite a bit or the cost structure that as we get a ramp in volumes over the next 12, 18 months, your gross profit margin in the quarter would be maybe a floor.  So I was wondering if you could talk about where this is going, given that it is a new event, new business within the industry combining both Allied and yourself.  So a little bit theoretical here, but with the leverage youre getting and the strong performance, it seems like weve still got room to grow here.
Don Slager: Well, I mean, I think  with the growth in the industrial revenue that were starting to experience, you know, and we havent seen any changes, Don mentioned, in our commercial small container business.
Al Cashchok: No, again, we think that we have leverage there.  And we think those  when they start to come, density is what usually drives our operating margins up.  And thats  its a little hard for us to tell you, between Stop A and C, what B is in the small container business.  But we believe that if we see this industrial  if this industrial pickup will eventually, you know, I think trickle down into our small container business, and with that, I think weve got a lot of leverage there.  So, as I said, I think we can bring that volume in at 40 to 45%, which is well above our even now margin in the area of 31% today.  So it is just a little hard to predict all of that.  I mean, as good as all of our tools are, moving a stop in between two of our existing stops, its really hard to predict the actual incremental benefit.  But we do believe its there, and we know its there.  Well, Don, you 
Don Slager: No.  I was going to say, Al, youre on the right track, because were expecting our people to get operating leverage as the volume returns.  If you look at our collection for Activity Metrics, weve improved in a couple lines of business and held flat even though weve lost volume.  So weve gotten better at this over the last couple of years as the economy has come out from under us.  So we fully expected operating leverage as well.  The tale will be in the tape, I guess.
Jim OConnor: And I would just add or reinforce that, you know, the positives that we see, such as maybe a little bit more volume in the commodity price is offset by maybe the net negative on fuel, causes us to be at the higher end of our guidance, you know, up towards that $1.66, $1.67 range rather than the $1.63 range.  And you know, again, weve got two or three months where you get a  if were back to normal seasonality, well have a much better idea in July.  Thats yet to come.  So well be giving much clearer guidance in July.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: On the pricing front, beyond the CPI impact, can you provide any color on the competitive landscape? How are the smaller players acting on the collection side, for example?  Is discipline improving along with the brighter economic outlook or would you say its still fairly competitive out there?
Don Slager: I would say its about the same as its been.  You know, we dont see anybody really radically changing any of their marketing behavior or strategy, so to speak, on the front of pricing.  Theres always some example somewhere in some market where, you know, will somebody think, you know, somebody had bad facts or got a little crazy with a bid, but you know, we dont see anything thats alarming.  As you would imagine, the longer the downturn lasts, the sort of the trickier peoples trigger finger gets, you know, when you think about volume.  But I think weve gone through a very long downturn and help up pretty well.  If pricing was going to be a problem, it would have been a problem by now.  And again, the biggest function of the 2.2 reporting is that CPI factor.  As that comes back, I think well be in pretty good shape.  But were holding our own and its pretty much the same as its always been.
Vance Edelson: Makes sense.  And as my follow-up on the cost side, with the range for run rates synergies going up fairly quickly, I think you mentioned the initiatives that could have furthered the savings by 2013, is it conceivable there is additional upside this year, or do you feel like the 185 to 190 is probably the limit for now?
Don Slager: Yeah, I think  well, we just raised it from 185 to $190, so I think were going to stick with that number.  This year, as I said, were going to spend about $8 million in getting these new initiatives off the ground.  While were still completing the integration of the base merger.  So weve got a few system things to finish.  Well get these new things off the ground and well start to roll.  We might see a little benefit in the last half of the year, but were going to stick with that 185, 190.
Ed Lang: And I might mention, the 185 to 190 has about $30 million of interest savings, you know, taking this new debt to an investment rate credit spread.  So when you look at the impact on the operating margins, were talking about 155 to 160 million.  Run rate by the time we get done with that is going to be, you know, maybe 180 basis points run rate by the time we get done with that is going to be maybe 100 basis points or so, so keep those two components in mind when we talk about synergies and margins. I think its also important to recognize that we will start to be getting some incremental benefit from these strategic initiatives that Don talked to in his comments in 2011.  Well get more in 2012, and well get the balance and the run rate in 2013.  So again, I think theres a lot more value attraction from the cost side of the business.  Again, its a function of how much the field organization can absorb and how many initiatives they can effectively manage, and produce value for our shareholders. So again, when you really look at it, I think all along we said there was more than $150 million when I was saying $185 million to $190 million and weve now identified another $40 million to $60 million that well start to extract over the next 2.5 years.
Tod Holmes: Keep in mind, as I mentioned in my comments, I use the word durability.  Weve got 1000 dots on the map across this company and the kind of business change and processes were installing speak a great deal were looking for real change thats permanent and so were working real hard on the front of these plans with good project management, with good training tools. Were going to roll them out slow enough for the organization to absorb them as Jim said. Were focused on that, so the change is real change and its lasting value for the shareholder.
Operator: Your next question comes from Corey Greendale - First Analysis Corp.
Corey Greendale: Can you comment on any trends or changes in commercial account customer churn rates?
Tod Holmes: I think as Don said, our defection rates and our churn is pretty much similar to what its been in prior quarters so again which would give rise to I think some of Dons comments on the stability of the marketplace there.
Don Slager: When we look at churn, when we look at the customer retention, all those kinds of metrics we track, were very stable this quarter versus the past 3 or 4 quarters so again, nothing there to report.
Corey Greendale: Maybe you explained this and I just missed it, the increase in the synergy target, is that solely because of the refinancing or is there some operational --
Don Slager: There is some operational.  Id say the lions share of it is, I think we moved it up by $30 million.  I think $20 million to $25 million of that was financing.  But while we have other opportunities, I think by the time we get to the end of this year well be pretty much at that run rate.  I wouldnt expect to see that number move up dramatically going forward.  It might inch up a little bit.
Tod Holmes: When we say that $30 million of the $185 million is financing synergy, there was a portion of financing synergy [inaudible]10 so again there is a good portion of upside there in the operational part of the business.
Tod Holmes: That kind of goes back to I think the original interest expense guidance that we gave back in February where we said $500 million to $515 million of interest expense and because of the successful refinancing, were probably down closer to $500 million which allows us to get up to the middle or upper end of our range in EPS.  It was put into that EPS range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Fisher - Raymond James.
Bill Fisher: The $8 million investment Don talked about getting synergies, is that running through the SG&A line or is that a kind of capital cost?
Don Slager: Theres some capital and SG&A costs.  $5 million of capital and $3 million of SG&A.
Bill Fisher: The tax rate, I think I had around 40%.  With the non-deductible interest amortization dropping, is that rate going to stay around there, is it going to move down a little bit?
Don Slager: I think its going to stay I that 11 + range.  I dont see that moving all that much.  Now it has been very successful with this refinancing, well see a portion of that non-cash interest expense drop away, but theres still some long dated debt out there, particularly some of the old BFI debt with some favorable rates thats going to stay with us.  So when you look at the cash earnings versus the book earnings, the cash earnings will be stronger on a longer term basis for those two factors.
Bill Fisher: But the tax rate would be similar?
Don Slager: Tax rate, obviously we had the anomaly in the first quarter.  As we go through the year, I think excluding the bond refinancing tax impact, were probably looking at something in the range of about 41.5%.  Maybe a little bit better than our initial guidance.  It just depends.  We closed out some of the old Republic tax years and there was a little bit of benefit there from the 05 to 07 tax years for Republic, so that gave us a little bit of a tailwind.  Other than that, Id say were pretty much right on that 42% or just under 42% tax rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the operating leverage question.  Can you just give us a sense in the cyclical part of your business in terms of revenue from say 2007, the combined entity, from an absolute dollar level, how much revenue went down in those cyclical businesses so we can get a sense of volume to come back? Whats the opportunity for that incremental margin and what the revenue base is.
Ed Lang: I dont have the dollar amount, I dont know what it might be.  It might have been at the peak we start a temporary roll off and landfill might have been 12% to 15% of revenue and were now down to maybe 6% plus disposal, 7% or 8%, so that was cut in half.  So we probably lost around 8% of our revenue and it just depends on the mix.  If its roll off collection business, its kind of the average collection margin which on an incremental basis might be 30%, 35%.  If its landfill, on an EBITDA basis, that incremental volume might be 50%.  Its going to depend a little bit on the mix of those two components, and thats why we end up really talking to that 40% to 45% blended rate.
Richard Skidmore: When you think about the need to add capacity or put trucks back on the road or add more headcount, is there a number in terms of how you think about volume comes back X% then we need to start adding capacity and what would that X% be?
Don Slager: On the roll off collection side, we measure that productivity in minutes per pull and weve been able to pretty much hold that productivity so when the pulls go up, were going to take some of these old trucks, were going to have to put a little more overtime and at some point add drivers and add routes, so theres almost a linear relationship on that side of the business for the roll off collection for temporary roll off. On the landfill side, its very fixed, and thats where you get a lot more cash leverage.
Ed Lang: Keep in mind that one of the reasons weve been able to manage the margins so well in the downturn is we parked trucks as Jim said so rather than taking our drivers that work an average of 55 hours and getting them down to 40 hours, we kept them working the mid 50 hours a week and parked the trucks. Thats one of the reasons our costs have been in line throughout this process.  So we think as Jim said, weve got some capacity on our current fleet even before we have to add trucks back and then weve got those 300 trucks sitting that we parked that we can put back into motion so we dont have to buy those trucks again.  The containers are in the yard.  So weve got some upside there.
Tod Holmes: Probably where we get a little more leverage is in that small container commercial business.
Ed Lang: The small container business and the landfill business [inaudible].  Thats where youll see the best leverage.
Tod Holmes: Those are all things related to economic growth and how were going to manage that economic growth.  I think the other thing Id like Don to comment on is some of the operating savings that we anticipate with some of the fleet change to automated collection.  Again, theres a big focus on part of [inaudible] field organization to automate the fleet/
Don Slager: Were showing the operating side, weve converted last year over 200 of our routes to single operator routes, fully automated.  Another 200+ this year will be over 50% of our residential system being fully automated, and weve got a view to, over the next 5 to 7 years, kind of carrying that through.  So weve got a continued focus on improving the productivity on that part of the business. Weve been very successful. Theres only so much you can do at a time because again change is hard for people.  Again, not only our people but the customers as well.  Were very focused on that productivity and as I said before, we fully expect our people to get operating leverage as the volume comes back.  Were well poised to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman  WSI.
Michael Hoffman: So on the landfill side, can you help me understand the mix of volume? I get C&D and maybe even some of your landfill cover kind of volume was down but the other components like special waste or MSW, how do those trend in the quarter and sort of coming into April?
Don Slager: Special waste as we said was up for the first time since the fall of 08.  Really a bright spot. We had primarily a lot of that in the west which weve got a number of really large landfills out there that do a lot of special waste business, thats a good sign.  How does it trend?  We frankly usually arent talking about seasonality at this point.  Seasonality is typically more of a Q2 type of thing.  In a lot of the country that sees winter weather, we dont usually start to see that seasonality start to break until April and May. So well be talking more about --
Michael Hoffman: Im not talking about seasonality as much as Im really What is the pattern of just the characteristic Like MSW, --
Don Slager: MSW is like, of our total revenue streams for landfill, were looking at MSW to be about 49%.  Of that 49%, about 65% of it is indexed priced and 35% would be open market priced.  The pricing would range anywhere from open market 3% to 4%.  Index is obviously right around that 1+ range.  C&D represents about 10%.  Special waste represents about 41%.
Ed Lang: If you think back to my earlier comment, that 10% C&D volume I think those are historical lows for the industry in terms of C&D volume.  That 10% is now.  The MSW is maybe flat to slightly and as Don had said, the special waste was up.  Really the issue is C&D and were at those historic lows and the question is what happens with residential construction, commercial construction, to bring those volumes up?
Don Slager: Again, we havent seen any further decline there.  its still relatively soft in the commercial development market, but again, all you have to do is look at how much our industrial collection is.  Its not going to last two years and that kind of trickles right into the disposal side of the business.  Were experiencing what the market is experiencing.  Thats been down I think 18% to 20% in the last couple quarters.  So certainly at the end of the day Thats the more cyclical part, thats the part thats going to lag.  We may not see a recovery there until the latter part of 2011, maybe even into 2012.
Tod Holmes: I think if you look at the first half of 09, our total landfill volumes were down in the mid teens, maybe 14%, 15%, 16%, and now its down around half of that, around 8%.  So what weve got is really this negative C&D that is anniversarying out, and once that anniversary is out which would probably be second quarter or third quarter, sometime in the third quarter, then we would expect our landfill volumes to go positive and its going to be going positive maybe a little bit on MSW but certainly this industrial activity that Don spoke to.  Pretty good margin leverage off of that.
Don Slager: The one thing with special being up a little bit more than we otherwise had maybe suspected, lets put a little downward pressure overall in just our overall reported price.  So even if some of that special waste is coming in again a little lower than our total waste average.
Tod Holmes: Thats a good point.  Its definitely a mixed issue.  Its not a competitive issue.  If were bringing in volumes in a market thats $20 a ton versus $40 a ton, its just mix.
Michael Hoffman: To the balance sheet, harking back to Old Republic, you managed DSOs into the high 30s if I recollect.
Don Slager: Were at 40 this quarter. Michael Hoffman - WSI Right.  Can we get to those old levels of this in new co and when?
Don Slager: I think that we got maybe one or two days.  Each day is worth about $25 million, $24 million, so there might be $25 million to $50 million of working capital there.  I think for us its a question of getting through the economic cycle. Frankly Ive been pleased with our receivable performance given the economy and also our bad debt performance given the economy that were in and all of the focus on system conversions that our people have had, has probably caused a little bit of a slow down there in our collections.  But I think 38, 39 days is realistic.  I applaud our collections people and the financial organization for doing a great job here.
Michael Hoffman: The second part of that was when, how fast?
Don Slager: I think its probably  did you tell me when the economy recovers, maybe next year?   Early next year, maybe later this year?  If its recovering now, itll probably get better every day.
Ed Lang: Id like to thank everyone for their questions today and operator, thank you.  In summary, Im very pleased with our first quarter results.  We continue to focus on all the appropriate things, achieving appropriate returns on capital through pricing discipline, maintaining labor productivities through disposal optimization, continuing to meet and exceed expectations for realizing merger synergies, reinventing our people and our business platform to ensure high quality customer service and a safe work environment. Finally, continuing to reduce our debt and improving our credit profile.  Again, we will maintain our disciplined cash utilization strategy and well have more news on that to come in our third quarter call. I would like to thank our field organization as well as Don for their extraordinary efforts through the integration process and an excellent financial performance this quarter. Id like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available through May 6 by calling 203-369-3221.  Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings and our discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call are available on republics website at RepublicServices.com. Again, thank you for spending time with us today.  Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today.  Thank you for participating.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 conference call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this afternoon is Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim OConnor. Todays call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republics summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. OConnor. Good afternoon, Mr. OConnor.
Jim O'Connor: Good afternoon. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this afternoon. This is Jim OConnor and Id like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter conference call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter performance. Id like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 11, 2010. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Im pleased to report that we exceeded our original guidance for earnings per share, free cash flow, merger synergies and EBITDA margins. This solid performance was achieved during the significant economic downturn and the integration of two large solid waste companies. We believe we are well positioned for strong results in 2010 due to our pricing discipline, cost controls, realization of merger synergies and our commitment to improve return on investor capital. Let me give you some of financial highlights for the full year. Revenue, $8.2 billion; net income adjusted for merger related and debt refinancing expenses, $565 million or $1.48 per share. Full year EBITDA margins were 30.6%, this strong performance highlights the ability of our field organization to maintain pricing discipline and implement cost controls, while working through the integration process. Core price for the full year was 3%. We continue to use our return on investment pricing tool to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Volumes declined at 9.5% in 2009 due to the weak economic conditions particularly in construction business. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $746 million or $1.96 per share, which is 132% of adjusted book earnings. Again, free cash flow is the best measurement of the quality of earnings. Our Board has approved $0.19 per share dividend payable April 15th, 2010. During the fourth quarter, we issued $600 million of 12 year notes with a coupon of 5.25% and called approximately $1.1 billion of existing debt. This debt called was retired with the 12 year note issuance, bank borrowing and cash. Total debt reduction in 2009 was $740 million. We continue to look at liability management opportunities to realize future reductions in interest expense. Also want to provide some information on our integration. During 2009, our integration schedule and subsequent financial savings ran ahead of plan. Target of $150 million is one year ahead of schedule. We expect run rate synergies achieved by the end of 2010 to be $165 million to $175 million. Our management team will continue to identify further margin improvement opportunities going into 2011. We realized $115 million of those synergies that I just mentioned. During 2009, we expect to realize $40 to $45 million of additional synergies during 2010. Our field organization under Dons leadership has far exceeded expectations regarding the amount and the timeliness of the synergies achieved. So now Id like to have Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer talk to those achievements.
Don Slager: Thanks, Jim. 2009 was a year of great accomplishment for Republic, not only did we hit our $150 million synergy target and half the time expected, we are developing a single business culture that is focused on customer service, safety and improving return on invested capital. Id like to highlight a number of our achievements in the integration process. First, in our overlap markets which represent approximately 1/3rd of our revenue base, we have eliminated 70 routes through our optimization tools used to enhance labor productivity. We have redirected approximately 13,000 tons of waste per day within our transfer station and landfill network. All divisions are utilizing the same billing and operating system which is wile to driving further productivity initiatives. Looking at information technology, which is key to our long-term success, many of our large scale conversions are behind us. Our detailed planning efforts completed in 2008 provided the foundation for solid execution. In Q4, we moved all human resource and payroll systems to a single platform, which was fully operational for the first payroll in January, 2010. Additionally, we converted 63% of our divisions to a common billing and operating system. As Ive said, weve completed 100% in overlap markets. We expect to finish the remaining conversions by the end of Q3, 2010. Over 70, 000 hours of training has been delivered to enhance the capability of our people. We will continue to make this investment and training to extract the value from the systems and processes implemented. I also want to comment on the overall performance of operations in 2009. We have some outstanding successes especially in the area of safety and productivity. Our accident and injury frequency decreased again in 2009 with 30% fewer claims in the previous year. Collection productivity improved despite a decrease in route density due to the weaker economy. Weve continued our progress toward automated collection in our residential business. In 2009, we converted more than 200 routes to automated collection service and plan to convert an additional 200 routes in 2010. By the end of 2010 we expect our residential system to be approximately 50% automated. Id like to thank all of our field management and various integration teams for their ongoing efforts to achieve the most successful merger in the solid waste industry, while maintaining a focus on excellent customer service. I will now turn the call the over to Tod, for a recap of our forth quarter financial performance.
Tod Holmes: Okay, thanks, Don. Fourth quarter 2009 revenue as reported rose by 61% to $2 billion from $1.240 billion last year, this increase of $755 million relates primarily to the merger with Allied on December 5 of last year. Since we are measuring the performance of the operations on a combined company basis, the remainder of my comments assume the companies merged on January 1, 2008, therefore the prior year combined company financials data is included and can be reference in my comments, its particularly found on our website. On a combined company basis there was a year-over-year decline in Q4 internal growth of 8.7% now this consists of core pricing growth of a positive 2.5%. Again, this quarter we see core pricing improvements in all line of business including collection at a positive 3%, industrial pricing of 2.7% was less than other lines of business, however, because temporary work had price increases less than average. The total landfill price of 1.1% includes MSW landfill pricing of 3.1%, which is consistent with prior quarters. This however was partially offset by relatively flat construction and demolition pricing and lower special waste type event price work. Price increases to our index based customers were pressured by lower CPI, which is simply a function of contractual terms. And again, approximately 50% of our revenue are tied to index-based pricing. Price increases to other customers remained strong, this will be the non-indexed based 50% of our customer base and again consistent with prior quarters. Commodity revenue increased by about 0.07%. We saw commodity prices up 37% to an average of $130 per ton in the current quarter from $75 per ton in the fourth quarter of 2008. Q4 MERS commodity volume of 421,000 tons reflects a 2% decrease from the prior year. And also Q4 average price increased $8 a ton from $95 in the third quarter of 2009 with prices actually ending the month of December higher than the average for the quarter. Our fuel recovery fee actually decreased 2.2%, the reduction in fuel recovery fees relates to a decrease in fuel cost, the average price per gallon of diesel decreased to $2.74 in the fourth quarter from $2.97 in the fourth quarter of 2008 or approximately 8% low. Current fuel prices are very to close to that at $2.78 per gallon. Our volumes were down 9.7%. This also includes a decline of 100 basis points from the impact of hurricane Ike in the prior year. So excluding hurricane Ike, the volume loss was actually 8.7%, which is a sequential improvement of about 140 basis points, a little over 10% volume loss in the third quarter, so little bit better than the third quarter. Residential and commercial volumes experienced low-to-mid single digit declines. Volume loss was most significant again in the industrial and landfill lines of our business, which experienced mid teen year-over-year volume declines, both reflection of the weak economy and also some weather related issues across the countries late in the fourth quarter of 2009. Now let me turn to our fourth quarter year-over-year margins. Similar to internal growth, I will discuss fourth quarter year-over-year margins as if the companies had merged on January 1, 2008. Let me again remind you that weve posted this combined financial data on our website. Fourth quarter 2009 EBITDA margin, excluding divestiture loss, restructuring charges, and cost to achieve synergies and remediation charges was 29.4% in the fourth quarter of 09 compared to a combined margin of 26% in the prior year. This represents an improvement of 340 basis points. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we had included the results of the DOJ divestitures that generally carried higher margins in the company average because of the concentration of landfills and commercial collection assets that had to be sold. The impact of these divestitures resulted in a year-over-year decrease in EBITDA margin of approximately 30 basis points. Now, let me talk about some of the more significant changes in cost as a percentage of revenue. First fuel, fuel expense improved 10 basis points primarily due to an 8% decrease in the cost of fuel as I mentioned earlier. Again, average diesel prices decreased to $2.74 in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to $2.97 in the fourth quarter of 2008. And again current prices are fairly close to the fourth quarter 09 of $2.78 a gallon. More than offsetting the decrease in the fuel cost was a decrease in related fuel recovery fee revenue resulting in a net decrease in EBITDA margin of 100 basis points. And I would remind everybody that those recoveries to use lag by one month either going down or going up. Second, cost of good sold, the 20 basis point increase in expense relates to increases in rebased to customers for volume deliver to our MERS. Cost of goods sold at our MERS increased approximately 10% to an average of $27 a ton for about $24 a ton in the prior year. Commodity revenue (inaudible) more than offset this increase in cost resulting in an increase spread of approximately $26 per ton. The net impact was a favorable 40 basis point improvement on EBITDA margin. Third, labor. The 10 basis point improvement in margin relates to a 70 basis point benefit from finalizing actuarial assumptions associated with new the combined health and welfare plans and this is partially offset by cost increasing as a percentage revenue in the post collection business. Again, we merged both of our health plans mid-year in 2009. Labor is relatively fixed in the post production line of business and does not decrease proportionately with volumes. Fourth, disposal expense. Disposal expense decreased in absolute dollars, but increased by 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. These variable cost decreases in the collection business as volumes declined, but we are impacted by changes in the post collection business whether relatively fixed. Therefore, as post collection revenues decrease as result of volume loss, these costs increased as a percentage of total revenue. Next transportation and subcontract expense, the 140 basis point improvements in margin results from four factors. First, synergy related cost reductions from redirecting waste streams to our more efficient disposal network; second, internalizing national accounts collection work that was historically subcontracted before the merger. Third, impact of volume mix depending on changes in volume in the business; and then fourth would be lower fuel surcharges. Finally, let me talk about SG&A. The 250 basis point improvement in margin for SG&A relates to the following. 170 basis point increase primarily associated with one-time items in Q4 2008 including conforming bad debt policies of $19.6 million and then also a year-over-year reduction and legal settlements of about $14.6 million. Additionally, there were favorable actuarial adjustments to our health and welfare benefits in the current year of about $4.4 million. And again we combined both plans on July 1st and then ended up in the later part of the year getting a better track record of combined experience and then actuarial rate base on that combined experience. The second SG&A item is 60 basis points increase realized from synergy related headcount and overhead reductions as a result of the merger. Let me bring it all together here, again 340 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and it can be summarized as follows. First, the impact of the divestitures was a negative 30 basis points. Second, the net fuel impact was a negative 100 basis points. Third, the net commodity was a positive 40 basis points. Fourth, the actuarial adjustments to health and welfare plans, and thats both in the direct LIBOR as well as in SG&A, was a positive 90 basis points. Fifth, the impact of conforming bad debt policies in the prior year and the change in legal adjustments in the prior year was a positive 150 basis points. Sixth, the realization of synergies a positive 140 basis points; and finally, seventh, and this is really a part of our business. Price increases and cost controls partially offset by fixed cost and lower volumes, we had a positive 50 basis points there really in the core of our business. Depreciation and amortization and accretion increased by 130 basis points also year-over-year, of this increase 90 basis points relates to increased non-cash expenses associated with purchase accounting valuations of Allied assets and liabilities and connection with the merger. Again we had to put a substantial amount of value, which was formally in goodwill and not amortized into landfill our space to be amortized. The remaining 40 basis point variants relates to this fixed cost relative to lower revenue. Let me talk briefly about our interest expense. The company recorded non-cash interest expense of $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. This arises primarily from amortization on Allied debt that was reported that a significant discount. We also recorded a $102 million loss or $0.17 per share related to premiums paid and non-cash write-offs of discounts and fees associated with the recently completed note refinancing in tender. And again these refinancing have a very quick pay back, probably in the range of two to three years. So were advantage of this favorable interest rate environment. Now Ill turn the call over to our Treasure, Ed Lang to further discuss financing initiatives. Ed?
Ed Lang: Thanks, Todd. During the fourth quarter we continue to execute our liability management strategies by calling approximately $1.1 billion of existing debt that would have been repaid over the next four years. We used cash investments, a new 12 year note for $600 million at a coupon of 5.25% and bank borrowings to retire the call debt. As Todd mentioned, this high coupon debt, because this was high coupon debt that that was called the average cash payback period is less than two years. The public has three benefits from this refinancing effort. First lower cash interest expense; second, extinguishment of the debt discount associated with these maturities, as you member the debt discount was a result of the purchase accounting required at merger close; and third, extending debt maturities. The negative impact of the cash premium and the extinguishment of a discount was $0.17 of EPS. The 2010 EPS benefit of this refinancing is approximately $0.07 of EPS. Republic issued another call of debt maturing in 2014 earlier this week for planning purposes we have assumed that we can refinance this debt at existing rates and included this positive $0.01 EPS impact in our guidance. There will be one-time costs of approximately $52 million or $0.08 of EPS to retire this maturity. Of this charge only $9 million relates to cash premiums paid and $43 million relates to a non-cash write-off of the debt discount. We will continue to take advantage of other liability management opportunities since credit markets remain attractive. In 2010, we expect total interest expense to be in a range of $500 million to $550 million with non-cash interest of approximately $100 million. This excludes any premiums paid or discounts written-off in connection with early extinguishments. I will now discuss free cash flow. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $746 million which consisted of cash provided by operating activities of $1.4 billion less property and equipment received of $862 million plus proceeds from the sale of property of $32 million plus merger related expenditures net of tax of $75 million plus divestiture related tax payments of $105 million and this equals the adjusted free cash flow of $746 million. We defined adjusted free cash flow based on CapEx received during the period. We have included a reconciliation of the timing difference between CapEx received versus paid on page 13 of our 8-K filings. Now Ill talk about our balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $865.1 million and our days sales outstanding was 39 or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at December 31. During 2009, total debt was reduced by $740 million and excess credit availability under our bank facility is approximately $800 million. Now, Ill turn the call back to, Jim.
Jim OConnor: Thank you, Ed. During 2010, we will be focused on the same performance metrics in order to deliver higher return on invested capital and improve margin performance. 2010 financial guidance, which is based on economic conditions and commodity values remain consistent with levels exiting the fourth quarter of 2009. Our financial guidance then for 2010, we anticipate that our full year adjusted EPS will be in a range $1.63 to $1.67. We expect internal price growth to be 2% to 2.5% and volume declines of 3% to 4%. Our pricing is impacted by the lower CPI statistics since approximately 50% our revenue is index priced. Some of our contracts use a trailing 12 month average to reset pricing, others use a single month-over-month to reset. We do expect commodity prices to be positive this year. Our adjusted cash flow guidance is $700 to $725 million. This guidance assumes determination of bonus depreciation expense. If bonus depreciation is extended into 2010, adjusted free cash low would be $750 to $775 million. Our planned capital received is $775 million. Anticipated full year EITDA margin is 31% before integration cost. We expect to achieve 165 to $175 million dollar of run rate merger synergies by year end and anticipate further opportunities in 2011. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 42%. Now before going to Q&A, Id like to comment on the exceptional performance of our entire organization. Don and I have recently concluded the annual planning process. And we were impressed with our fuels organizations ability to adjust to the merger integration process and the economic environment. We identified opportunities to further expand margins over the next two to three years including opportunities and procurement national accounts and lot optimization. Well build on everything weve learned during the past year and take advantage of the revenue growth opportunities and the operating leverage that exist in our business when the economy recovers. Our success and working as a single team as allowed us to execute the most successful integration solid waste industry. Our detailed planning efforts laid the ground work for the only large waste industry integration that is delivered shareholder value and exceeded its synergy guidance both in terms of financial performance and the timing of completion. As we look back in 2009 it was a very challenging year due to the historically weak economy, the public team overcame the weak business environment successfully integrated two large companies and are now on track to achieve record financial performance in the coming year. I'm confident in the operating leverage that exists in our broad business platform and look forward to continued improvement in 2010. So with that operator Id like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question is from Scott Levine - JPMorgan
Scott Levine: On the volume side the numbers where little bit lower in the fourth quarter than we expected and I know you mentioned that there was 100 basis points headwind from hike, but could you comment about how the trends came in relative to your internal expectations maybe and with regard to where things might be stronger weak on a relative basis within your footprint?
Tod Holmes: The volume sequentially are bottoming we feel good about that and to forecast what actually based on again what we experienced in the later part of the fourth quarter as far as the business in general, I think we feel very good about and in terms of the revenue mix as relates the volume, I think we're seeing again pretty much sequentially relatively the same performance as relates the volume.
Scott Levine: Sequentially things are kind of stable not really getting better and not targeting worse?
Tod Holmes: Yeah, exactly.
Scott Levine: And then may be if you can give us a sense as well, Jim on the CPI resets on legacy business, yet the majority of your resets are toward the middle of the year, is that still the case and may be if you can give us a sense of what your preliminary expectations or what those resets might look like and what that might imply for pricing in 2011 without giving explicit [guidance]?
Jim OConnor: Well, I guess going into 2010, were looking at our index based business to be at about 1.5%. And when we look at the trailing or the month-over-month index related to December month-over-month, were looking at negative 4 coming into this year. Negative 0.4, Im sorry. And the trailing 12 months is with two positive 2.5.
Tod Holmes: The trailing 12 months was negative 0.4, but if you look at December 09 over December 08, it was a positive 2.7. So it looks like inflation is starting to pick up but I think as we look at pricing, we have that expectation for 2010 that the index price contribution is 1.5% for the full year. Obviously, as we start to see the trend in the month-over-month CPI statistics, we have a better sense as to what were building to 11, but its far too early to predict that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman - WSI.
Michael Hoffman: On free cash flow, this is going to be one of those multi part question, so we can squeeze it in under the rules. If you do all the adjustments for the onetime things in the year, what I'm hearing is the number that looks like 875 to 900 million and it sort of long term pattern on dividends is about 40% of free cash flow that might suggest almost 20% increase in the dividend in July plus you got tons of money left over still to buyback stocks, so balance sheet risk is gone, what are we waiting for?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think we need to go back and look at that, the 2010 free cash flow again. Were looking at something thats in the high 7s basically. And that assumes that the IREX bonus depreciation again for corporate America which is in the budget proposal that was presented. Somewhere as Jim has stated in that $750 million to $775 million range. Which means then you consider about $300 million for dividend that todays rate, weve got something like 450 to 475 to be available to pay down debt and also available at some point to buyback stock. Now, I think weve always said that were looking for debt-to-EBITDA coverage somewhere in the range of 2.5 times. And as we approach that well be proactive and talking with credit rating agencies about cash utilization strategy, because dividends increase maybe a component although certainly we are above the S&P 500 right now. And then obviously the share repurchase is something that particularly given the values of this company is fairly low. One other thing that I would add is you would have notice in January, we had a settlement which is very favorable settlement for us on the tax payment for the (inaudible). I think we had accrued about $200 million and that was in our liability footnote in the third quarter, we actually settled it for $125 million. So, we also have that payment. I think the companys view is we will pay down the debt, we need to continue to move towards this 2.5 times range, see how the year is moving and talk to the credit rating agencies to make sure they feel comfortable with our strategy. But certainly given the valuation, share repurchase is something that we fell is attractive in future.
Jim OConnor: And this is a primary topic at our Board meeting and will be through the middle part of the year. So, I would anticipate some sort of cash utilization strategy that we announced in the middle part or later part of year.
Michael Hoffman: And then valuations remain exceptionally cheap. So, are they tucking opportunities in the face of very stable business fundamentals, but none of the independents are seeing anything particularly good. So business valuations are cheap?
Jim OConnor: Well, (inaudible) to the beholder. The reality is, we are out all the time, our development people talking to people, if opportunities present themselves or exchanges present themselves, weve got the balance sheet to take advantage of those. So, again I just really what the expectations are out there and how it fits in and bolt on to the business platform that we have.
Tod Holmes: I would add to that Michael, we would be very selective in the process as we have been.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson: Given the accelerated CapEx at the end of 09, when do exhaust that benefit and need to start buying again?
Tod Holmes: Well, yes CapEx is really a function of whats going on in the business. I think weve actually got again capital that was delivered for 2009 was $860 million. I think that was kind of what we started with, we guided down as the volume dropped off and then we recognized the issue with the additional engine requirement, the higher cost, the possibility of, we dont think as that being an issue of some issues with new technology. So we accelerated the purchases and ended up at 860. 790 your net of proceeds, 775 is what weve got for 2010. We do have some leverage there. Weve got a number of rollout trucks obviously parked and weve got containers. So I think as we move through 2010 and in 2011 that not only do we have operating leverage, but also capital leverage. And we wont be able to take advantage of that (inaudible)
Vance Edelson: The CapEx budget for 2010 keeps our (inaudible) constant with 2009. So we have a loss in the ground there and as I said in my comments, we continue to make investments and things like automation to increase our mergers and productivity. So weve got some plenty of powder to operate according to the guidance weve given, if worked some houses start to take off and will have to look at that number?
Tod Holmes: Again, I guess what I would say is the CapEx for next years is pretty ratable over the course of the year. The capacity we have in assets because of the downturn with the equipment that is parked there is probably about 1% in our commercial system, 1% in our residential system and about 5% to 7% in our industrial collection business. Obviously, weve got I think probably enough capacity because of step orientated nature of our landfills to probably step up even with the reduced volumes that we have and not really have a whole lot of variable cost there.
Vance Edelson: And then just following up on an earlier question, just for human sake if you were at 2.5 time leverage ratio today, what would be your buyers if you went in front of the Board in terms of uses of cash and the dividend versus share buyback debate or do you think that a balanced approach is always going to be best to keep a larger percentage of investors happy?
Jim OConnor: Again, we are going through that process right now with the Board. We do believe the stock is under valued. But again I think were going through a very deliberate review of all the alternatives available for cash and can we make that announcement, sometime midyear or in the third quarter. But I think its evidence to all of us that the stock price is under valued and that we would probably move closer to move in that direction. But again we do also have a commitment to our investment grade rating and paying down some additional debt between now and year end.
Tod Holmes: If you think of what the follow up is doing pre merger, we probably had a 40% dividend payout, 60% share repurchase. We kept the dividend obviously after the merger discontinued share repurchase to delever. So logically, we would be looking at the dividend again, but the substantial change would be towards share repurchase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just a clarification. I think you guys had 50% of your business is tied to index but previously youve said your franchise business is 26%. Could you comment on what youre referring to as index and to disconnect between franchise versus index in your commentary or am I thinking about this wrong?
Jim OConnor: I mean, in the index based would be residential contracts and then would also be which are not what we would normally classify as index, not mean the franchises and then all of the franchise were predominantly is index priced.
Hamzah Mazari: If you also have in there your municipal waste streams at the landfills, so those also are typically long-term contracts, but with CPI type as greater costs. Is that the answer to that or?
Tod Holmes: Just to kind of give you the build homes is that our franchises were about 27% or 28% of revenue. As Jim mentioned, municipal agreements which are contracts where we only provide residential collection probably about 14% to 15% of revenue and then municipal disposal agreements as Don referenced probably 6% plus and in total it comes to about 50%. So the franchise is a subset of that index business, but is unique because those are markets where were the exclusive provider of all services.
Hamzah Mazari: That's very clear, I appreciate it. And the follow up question just relates to volumes, you called out last quarter like most other waste companies that volumes have stabilized and are running flat sequentially. Just trying to understand whether you're seeing any additional signs of stabilization out there or we just flat from Q3 in terms of the gap between service increases versus decreases, any kind of new business loss business et cetera, if you could just add some color surrounding that?
Jim OConnor: I would say net-net its about the same. So we have a few markets where were seeing some improvement with the few markets that maybe lag and its seeing for some further decline, but unbalance, it looks a lot like it did last quarter, so its looks like we have been down.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Ellis - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: Wanted to ask first question and Ill make this two part of question around the volume guidance the 3 to 4% decline. The first part is that assume just simply well over effect are you anticipating any incremental weakness in volumes throughout course of 2010. And then second part is, within that three to four expectation, are you anticipating the residential and commercial to be flat and the roll off to be down, if you can just help us understand the market segmentation within that guidance?
Ed Lang: We dont have a great crystal ball on to whats going to happen in 2010 and this is very consistent with what the company has done in prior years so what we see today in the business, which again is (inaudible) is very stable will let us to build the business model with basically the rollover or the rollout of the 2009 decline. So its pretty simple math, first quarter maybe sounds 7% or 8%, second quarter 4% to 5%, third quarter maybe a couple of percent and kind of zeroish in the fourth quarter and that gives you the 3% to 4%. So again well give the [screened] update when we get to mid year, we wont jump to gone in that April, May timeframe when see the seasonal up tick you got to really see that settings so its really late June or early July before you could really say whats happening in the construction cycle for that component of our business. In terms of our question regarding the various types of services again the commercial residential business as past year was down in the low to mid single digits the industrial was in the high teens in terms of the decline and the landfill a transfer was in that same high teen range in terms its decline. And we would expect that to roll proportionately.
Jonathan Ellis: And my second question can you mention the incremental merger savings that youre going to achieve in 10 from the roller effect of the run rate in 09 I think you said $40 to $45 million of savings. If I do the math based on your guidance for the revenue base That basically all the EBITDA margin expansion that youre assuming for this year in the 31%. So does that imply that youre not assuming any operating leverage within the core business or is that 31% just potentially looked very conservative right now?
Tod Holmes: We just talked about volumes and that is a factor. Despite the fact in the first quarter the year wasn't great, the volumes were little bit better than they were later in the year and we lost landfill volumes, which is a higher margin business. The other factor that we have is the divestitures that I spoke to which is a mix issue. And then you have fuel, which absolutely based on current fuel prices. The first half of last year fuel prices were very low. So that's a little bit of a negative. So when we look at it, you got kind of those rollover effects of those negative items and then there is two positive components, one is the synergy that you spoke to Jonathan, maybe it's 40 or 50 basis points of benefit some of which is were securing intent and some of which is a positive rollover from 09. And then the other is really the heart of our businesses again is our ability to control operating cost and secure price, get a little bit of margin expansion there. And again I think that's a similar number, that's probably a positive 40 to 50 basis points. So you put it all together and you say, our EBITDA margins maybe are going up 50 or 60 basis points, which you got two positives that are 40 of 50 basis points, one in the price net of cost and the other in synergies and then youve got this other kind of rollover effect of those negative that will rollout.
Jim OConnor: So in a much more stable business that we are in.
Tod Holmes: We actually got one margin expansion than just from synergy.
Jim OConnor: And we expect it in 10.
Operator: Your next question is from Corey Greendale - First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Most of my question is actually been answered believe it or not. So I just wanted to ask about what you're assuming in 2010 or what you're targeting in terms of landfill pricing in the markets for volumes that are not tied to CPI?
Don Slager: Yes, we have got, right now, probably consistent what weve seen in 09 which is sort of 3% or 4%. So we think that there is still some room in that business even despite the economic weakness to take advantage of those assets.
Tod Holmes: So I mean you got about 65% of our MSW, which is about half of our landfill volume. Index priced, so it's going to be probably down in amount of 1% range and the other 35% of that 50%, again MSW is going to be priced in the 3% to 4%.
Corey Greendale: Then my second question is if volumes do what the guidance suggest in 2010, would you still be able to decrease labor cost on an absolute basis or are you getting to the point where thats not possible anymore?
Tod Holmes: I mean thats everything proportionate to the volume, landfill is obviously your more step orientated. So, as I said in the capacity question weve got probably to ability to bring back all that volumes are very little variable cost associated with it. In terms of the collection business its our proportional. So, as we lose it, we pull it off just as we did this year that would be the case. But we do believe we got asset capacity and we do believe we have some capacity in terms of margin at the business were come back.
Jim O'Connor: There definitely is capacity there Corey, but again look at the margins and look at how we performed in real time take in the trucks and the headcount out of the business is the volume as contracted. So, we done a good job a right size in the business its going on. Just the nature of the business were driving by staffs today that home that is vacant in that home is occupied thats pretty easy productivity gain for us and well see lot of that hopefully on the way backup.
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Just a following up on the volume assumptions for 2010 is there something that you are seeing in your business suggest the volume dont improve from here or just youre taking relatively conservative view that volume stay kind of it the fourth quarter levels maybe us to another way would as the economy seems to be trending better why would be not expect to see some volume pickup from here?
Tod Holmes: I mean again we based our guidance and how we access the fourth quarter, when we put the guidance together weve look at sequentially as we came into the fourth quarter what we have seen. So, I guess we got strong years ago when we anticipated a [B shaped] recovery in 2001 and 2002 and I guess you can call that conservative, but I think we are in historic economic environment and we are not going to predict. So, I think the key here again is we will give clear guidance as we see the economy starting to change and hopefully will be to the upside in the second quarter of 2010.
Jim O'Connor: I would that again I think historically Republic has been so on conservative service probably some service in that and then also is an industry, we can delayed coming down and we can delayed going up. And if you look at our volumes in eight, nine and that what we are saying or 10 you see at the classic (inaudible) this industry. So, in 2001 and 2002 and also in 91, where was down 4, 5% then was down 10% there final 9% and now down about 4%. So, pretty consistent, maybe somewhat conservative and will give you and update
Operator: One final question comes from Bill Fisher - Raymond James
Bill Fisher: Just two quick one, on you mention I think whether on the roll offs I think in First quarter, you have had some more storms or whatnot in Q1, does that color your volume across in Q1 at all or is that just a factor you deal with every year?
Jim O'Connor: Yeah we are going to deal with every year and obviously we have been shut down on the East Coast and some of our locations. But it does impact any of the guidance with have got. Not baked into the guidance.
Bill Fisher: And then on the recycling, it think it is well mentioned you used December pricing, roughly where were in January on that price per ton, on the cycling?
Jim O'Connor: Prices in where we came up with the guidance based on what, 103.
Tod Holmes: Yeah the guidance based on that, what we are seeing today is about a third of our recycling volumes is in cardboards. And so I think what happens is cardboards probably up may be about $30 or $35, and the other commodities are pretty flat, so we are probably somewhere around little over 110, 113 somewhere in that range. Up maybe on average about $10. For the company is probably were standing in a half it will make couple sense in earnings
Jim OConnor: Thank you, operator. In summary, Im very pleased with our fourth quarter results and will continue to focus on achieving appropriate return on capital through pricing discipline maintaining labor productivity through route and disposal optimization. We continue to meet and exceed expectations for realizing merger synergies, reinvesting in our people and business platforms to ensure high quality customer service, in a safe work environment, and continuing to reduce debt, improving our credit profile and taking advantage of refinancing opportunities to reduce interest expense. I would like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available through February 25th, by calling 203-369-3695. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC fillings and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call are available on Republics website at www.republicservices.com. Again thank you for spending time with us today and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the third quarter 2009 conference call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this afternoon is Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim OConnor. Todays call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republics summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. OConnor. Good afternoon, Mr. OConnor.
Jim OConnor: Good afternoon and welcome. I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. This is Jim OConnor, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter conference call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer and Ed Lang, our Treasurer, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter performance. Id like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on todays call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 02, 2009. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I am pleased to report that we are raising our 2009 financial guidance for the second time as a result of our greater merger synergies and our ability to adjust our cost structure in a weak economic environment. We continue to utilize our pricing too old to be sure; we are achieving appropriate returns on capital. Financial highlights in the third quarter are, revenue of $2.1 billion, net income adjusted primarily from merger related and debt refinancing expenses was a $149 million or $0.39 per share, adjusted EBITDA margins 110 basis points to 30.9% on a combined basis, the strong performance highlights the ability of our field organization to maintain pricing discipline and implement cost controls, while working through the integration process. Core pricing remains strong at 2.8% for the quarter. This level of increase reflects the impact of lower CPI on price resets for index based contracts. We continue to use our return on investment pricing tool to be sure that all business activity meets our requirements. Volume declined 10.1% in the quarter due to a weak economic condition; particularly the contraction business. Our sequential volume performance in fat and there has been no further deterioration in any lines of business. Year-to-date free cash flow of $493 million or a $1.30 a share, which is a 112% of book earnings. Again, free cash flow is the best measure of measuring the quality of the earnings. Keep in mind that our year-to-date book earnings are negatively impacted by non-cash interest expense of a $109 million and amortization of intangibles of $50 million, again these are results of purchasing accounting and revaluation and the marker-to-market debt adjustments for the Allied debt. Excluding these non-cash charges, our year-to-date book earnings would have been a $1.40 per share or 21% higher than our reported earnings. Our board has also approved $0.19 per share dividend payable to shareholders on January 15th, 2009. During the quarter both Standard & Poors and Fitch raised their outlook on Republics long term credit rating which recognizes significant debt reduction and the success of the merger integration. We issued $650 million of tenure notes with a coupon of 5.5% and tendered for $325 million of debt maturing in 2010 and 2011. And we will continue to look at liability management opportunities to realize future reductions in interest expense. I also want to provide some information on our integration and divestiture efforts. Through the third quarter of 2009, our integration schedule and subsequent financial savings are running well ahead of plan. On an annual run rate synergies achieved as of 9/30 are approximately $140 million. We have already exceeded our 2009 run rate goal of $125 million, which originally was $100 million. Based on our successful integration process we expect to achieve a $145 million of run rate synergies by the end of 2009, of which $120 million will be realized in 2009. We expect total run rate synergies of $165 to a $175 million by the end of 2010 and our management team will continue to identify further synergy opportunities going into 2011. The systems integration in overlap markets has been complete. We are now focused on realizing operational savings from low density and disposal optimization. Also in the third quarter, we converted the entire company to a single general ledger system. Our IT group has delivered these successful results on schedule and I congratulate them for that effort. We have completed RD, OJ divestiture process, total after tax proceeds were approximately $375 million, all proceeds have been used for debt reduction, year-to-date debt reduction is approximately $650 million. I will now turn the call over to Tod to recap our third quarter earnings.
Tod Holmes: Thank you, Jim. Well, third quarter 2009 revenue as reported rose approximately 149% to $2.07 billion from $834 million last year. Clearly this increase of $1.24 billion relates to the merger with Allied. Since we are measuring the performance of the operations on a combined company basis, the remainder of my comments assumes the companies were merged on January 1, 2008. The prior year combined company financial data reference in my comments can also be found on our website. On a combined company basis, there was a year-over-year decline in Q3 internal growth of 12.8% and this consists of core price which was a positive 2.8%. We continue to see core price improvements in all lines of business including collection at 3.3% and landfill pricing at 2.2%. Industrial pricing of 2.6% was less than other collection lines because a temporary work had price increases less than the industrial average. Price increases to our index based customers were pressured by lower CPI, which is simply a function of contractual terms. Approximately 50% of our revenues are tied to index based pricing and we will see this phenomenon in the fourth quarter and into 2010. Price increases to other customers remain strong and are relatively consistent with prior quarters. We stated before that the price increase percentage should be measured relative to cost inflation, its the spread or difference between the two that drives margin expansion. Since we are experiencing a lower inflationary environment we expect the price increase percentage to be lower than the price increase in prior periods when cost inflation was clearly higher. The key here is that we have not changed our pricing strategy and we will continue to price to improve margins and to earn an appropriate return on our substantial investment. Now, let me talk about revenues which decreased by 1.9%. Commodity prices decreased approximately 32% to an average of $95 per ton in the current year from a $141 per ton in the prior year. Third quarter material recycling facility commodity volume of 437,000 tons reflects approximately a 10% decrease from the prior year. This is a function of the weaker economy. Third quarter average price increased $23 per ton from $72 per ton average in the second quarter of 2009 with prices slightly higher in September than the average for the quarter. Offsetting this sequential improvement in price is relatively weaker volumes than anticipated. Our fuel recovery fees decreased by 3.6% caused a 3.6% decline in revenue rather. This reduction in fuel recovery fees relates to a decrease in related fuel costs, the average price per gallon of diesel fell to $2.60 in the third quarter of 2009 from $4.34 in the third quarter of 2008, or approximately a 40% decline. Current fuel prices are at $2.80 per gallon. Now our volumes were down 10.1%. This is slightly better than the second quarter where the volume loss was 10.3%, and as Jim indicated we are seeing no further deterioration in the business. Residential and commercial volumes experienced low to mid single digit declines. Volume loss was most significant in the industrial and landfill lines of business which experienced high teen year-over-year volume declines, both a reflection of the weak economy. In 2009, the revenues are much flatter quarter-to-quarter as we are not seeing the normal increase in seasonal revenues. In Q4 we expect year-over-year volume declines to lessen as a sharp volume loss in Q4 2008 begins to anniversary out. Now, let me talk about our third quarter year-over-year margins. Similar to internal growth I will discuss the third quarter year-over-year change in EBITDA margin as if the companies had merged on January 1st of 2008. Let me remind you that we have posted the components of our costs on our website. Third quarter 2009 EBITDA margin, excluding divestiture losses of $900,000, restructuring charges of $12.3 million, cost to achieve synergies of $8.9 million was partially offset by remediation recoveries at one of our landfill facility of $8.8 million, and this resulted in a 30.9% combined margin compared to 29.8% in the prior year, again an improvement of 110 basis points. Now, I will talk briefly about some of the significant changes in these costs as a percentage of revenue or what caused these changes. First fuel; Fuel expenses improved by 260 basis points due to a 40% decrease in the cost of diesel. The average price per gallon, as I indicated decreased from $4.34 to $2.60. Partially offsetting the decrease in fuel cost was a decrease in related fuel recovery fee revenue resulting in a net improvement in EBITDA margin of approximately 80 basis points. Second, I will discuss labor disposal costs, maintenance repair and other operating expenses together. All of these costs decreased on an absolute dollar basis but increased as a percentage of revenue. These costs were flexed in the collection business volumes decline but are relatively fixed in the post collection business. Therefore, as post collection revenues decreased as a result of volume loss and commodity revenues decreased as a result of price fluctuations, these costs increased as a percentage of revenue, but again on an absolute dollar basis they were down. Third, transportation and subcontract expenses; the 150 basis point improvement in margin results from synergy related cost reductions related to the redirection of waste to a more efficient disposal network, second, the internalization of national accounts collection work that was historically subcontracted before the merger, third the impact of volume mix and fourth the lower fuel surcharges as a result of lower diesel prices. Now let me talk about our cost of goods sold. A 40 basis point improvement in EBIDTA margin relates to reductions and rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our MERS. Cost of goods sold at our MERS decreased approximately 40% to an average of $28 per ton from $47 per ton in the prior year. Despite this decrease in cost, commodity revenue declines more than outweighed the benefits resulting from this decrease in spread of about $27 a ton. The net impact arising from lower commodity prices was an unfavorable 70 basis point decrease and EBITDA margin. Next I will speak to our risk management cost. The 50 basis point improvement in margin on risk relates to reductions and required reserves and premium expense. These savings are a result of a 24% reduction in the frequency rate of clients, favorable development in claims experienced and the realization of synergy related cost savings for third party premiums and surety. Each quarter Republic requires an actuarial study, and this is a function of the results of that study in the business improvement there. Finally SG&A, SG&A expenses excluding $8.9 million of cost to achieve synergies decreased $23.3 million from the third quarter of 2008. This cost reduction reflects both synergy related and volume related staffing changes, as well as other cost savings initiatives. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A expenses increased 60 basis points. Increases in incentive compensation added 20 basis points of this and the remainder relates to certain fixed cost as a percentage of lower revenue. To bring it all together, Republic has a 110 basis points of margin expansion that can be summarized as follows. Fuel, an increase of 80 basis points, commodity costs a decrease of 70 basis points; divestitures as you will recall were greater mix of landfills which are higher EBITDA margin, that was a decrease of 30 basis points. The realization of synergies had a positive impact of 140 basis points, and finally, our pricing offset by fixed cost on lower volumes caused a decline in EBITDA margin of 10 basis points. Now, let me speak about our depreciation, amortization accretion. This increased by 220 basis points and of this 220 basis point increase, a 130 basis points relates to non-cash expenses associated with purchase accounting evaluations for Allieds assets and liabilities completed in connection with the merger. Additionally, allied recorded a $5.8 million benefit or 20 basis points in the prior year related to an expansion that was approved in the third quarter of 2008. The remaining 70 basis point variance relates to this fixed cost nature of DDNA relative to lower revenues. Finally, interest expense; the company recorded a non-cash interest expense of $35 million in the third quarter of 2009, and those arises primarily from the amortization of Allied debt that was reported at a significant discount. We also recorded a $31.8 million loss or $0.05 per share related to premiums paid in non-cash write-offs of discounts and fees associated with a completed note refinancing in tender offer. I will now turn the call over to our Treasurer, Ed Lang who is going to further discuss our financing initiatives.
Edward Lang: Thanks Tod. During the quarter we executed our first debt offerings since the merger; a tenure note for $650 million with a coupon of 5.5%. This transaction was significantly over subscribed and the rate was lower than the initial price. The proceeds of this offering were used primarily to repay all outstanding bank debt and tender for $325 million of existing 2010 and 2011 debt maturities. We decided to utilize this favorable rate environment to retire our existing debt and reduce future refinancing risk. In addition to extending maturities at a lower coupon we are able to retire a portion of the debt discount associated with merger accounting which is reported as non-cash interest expense. The third quarter financial impact of the premium for the tender offer and the write-off of the related debt discount was a negative $0.05 of EPS. The 2010 EPS benefit associated with lower interest expense and lower debt amortization costs is slightly greater than $0.01. Now, that Republic has a bench mark transaction in the market we can move forward with additional liability management cost savings opportunities. We recently began this process by calling two existing maturities. A $450 million note maturing in 2013 with a coupon on 7% and 7.8% and a convertible note was a coupon of 4.25%. Republic has over $1.1 billion of excess capacity in its bank facility to fund these costs. We will likely execute a new long term debt offering to finance a portion of these debt maturities. The financial impact in the fourth quarter associated with the call premium on the 7 and 7.8 notes and write-off the debt discount on the two offerings will be approximately negative $0.09. The 2010 EPS benefit associated with the fourth quarter refinancing activities will reduce interest expense in debt amortization costs by approximately $0.05. We will continue to look for opportunities to further reduce interest expense. I would like to thank all the individuals in the treasury accounting and finance groups who helped realize significant financial cost synergies. I will now discuss free cash flow. Year-to-date free cash was $493 million, which consisted of cash provided by operating activities of $1.1 billion, less purchases of property and equipment of $543 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $23 million. This equals free cash flow of $493 million. After excluding divestiture related tax payments of $74 million and tax effected merger related expenditures of $63 million, year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $630 million. We plan to increase our 2009 net capital spending to $835 million from $800 million, which Don will discuss later. We are still on track to meet our full year cash flow guidance of $700 million to $725 million. Keep in mind we raised our cash flow guidance last quarter so we are effectively raising our guidance again. Now I will talk about our balance sheet. At September 30th our accounts receivable balance was $928.2 million and our day sales outstanding was 41 days or 26 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at September 30. During 2009 total debt has been reduced by $647 million and excess credit available under our bank facility is approximately $1.1 billion. As Jim mentioned, both S&P and Fitch upgraded their outlook on the companys long-term rates. Now I will turn the call over to Don.
Don Slager: Thanks Ed. I would like to start by saying how proud I am of the entire Republic operating team for the improvements they have made in our area on safety. Republic has reduced its workers comp in auto liability claims by approximately 24% year-over-year. I wanted to recognize our general managers and safety professionals throughout the organization for their leadership in delivering these excellent results. Your dedication to safety and our strong safety programs will continue to benefit our overall performance. Weve learned a lot about our people and our operating platform during the business integration in the economic downturn. We have shown the ability to quickly right size our fleet and workforce to meet the changing economic conditions while maintaining a quality work environment. We have adjusted our capital spending and operating expenses while still investing correctly in the business and delivering quality service. We maintained and in some cases improved collection productivity in the phase of declining volumes while improving safety. We consistently priced our services to offset inflation and improved returns while effectively acquiring new business. Weve done all this amidst integration activities that are delivering synergies ahead of plan. In short, we are successfully uniting two companies into one strong high performing team. Republic is maintaining its focus on the fundamentals of our business and steadily making improvements in our core competencies and business processes. As the economy improves we are well positioned to realize operating leverage. We started our annual planning process; this is very important step in completing the merger integration. Our field organization is developing operating plans using a single budgeting platform for the first time. During 2010 we will continue to see the benefits of adapting best practices, common IT systems and compensation programs that reinforce our focus on return on invested capital and improving free cash flow. We will also continue to appropriately invest in our people and operating assets. As Ed mentioned we are increasing 2009 net capital spending to $835 million, the $35 million increase will be used to accelerate truck purchases in advance of the more costly 2010 engine requirements. We are essentially pre-buying 140 trucks from next years fleet plan. Now, I will turn the call back over to Jim.
James OConnor: Thanks Don. Due to our pricing discipline, cost control and integration synergies, we are increasing our earnings per share and synergy guidance for 2009. We are raising adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.46 to a $1.48 per share before integration costs. Previous guidance was in the range of $1.43 to $1.45 per share. We expect run rate synergies realized by the end of 2009 to be a $145 million. And we are comfortable with our free cash flow guidance of $700 to $725 million including that additional $35 million of increased in net capital spending that Don related to. Before going to question and answers, I would like to comment on the exceptional performance of our entire organization. Don and I have been conducting operating reviews throughout the Republic fields organizations and continue to be impressed with the rapid integration and the realization of cost synergies and the commitment to improve return on capital. As Don said, we recently kicked off our annual planning process with a meeting in Phoenix with our regional and area management teams. We will have the same strategic focus as we had in previous years, pricing discipline, maintaining a competitive cost structures and realizing integration synergies. We believe this will lead to further improvement margins and returns in 2010; simply put more of the same better. Our success in working as a single team has allowed us to execute the most successful integration in the solid waste industry. So, with that I would like to open the call up to questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on your Q4 guidance; when you are back into it, it looks like its $0.31 to $0.33. I am just curious what the delta between the low end and the high end of your guidance is. Volumes are running flat sequentially. So is that delta related to a pricing on the CPI side or is there something on the cost side. Any color you can add there?
Jim OConnor: Well, I think that you know the company is doing an excellent job on the cost side. There certainly is the CPI phenomenon that were seeing here beginning in the second half of this year will carry into next year. Again, Republic doesnt give quarterly guidance, obviously when you get to the third quarter with our annual guidance people kind of back into it and compare it to their results. I would say that we have the opportunity again to bring the cost and maybe a little bit better than what is expected. Remember that there is seasonality in certain lines of business such is the residential collection where you get particularly up in the Midwest and north where you get a lot of the yard clean up and much heavier weights and costs associated with those lines of business. So on balance I think we feel pretty positive about the fourth quarter and do you want anything here?
Tod Holmes: No, I think we feel very good about the year. We continue to escalate and give increased guidance on earnings as we have got more clarity, and again, I think I go back to some of the comments that Don made in our opening comments as to focus of the organization, improving the class structure, keeping in mind that as we have seen the economy deteriorate there has been a significant effort by the field organization to continue to stay on pace with 08 productivity which has been a significant contributor to our success this year. So, all in all I think weve got a great year.
Hamzah Mazari: Then just a follow up question, as you look across your portfolio, how much of your customer base would you say is mispriced, and by that I just mean how much of an opportunity do you have to prune low margin business from your portfolio. Is there any long hanging fruit there or is that process sort of on going, how should we be thinking about that?
Don Sager: Hi Hamzah, this is Don. We have been at this pricing thing pretty steadily, now for the last three or four years as you know, and I think we have really been through the portfolio, I dont think there is much left. There maybe a customer too that was under a long term contract that we got to sort of terminate out or renegotiate but there is not a great deal of loss left in the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Levine - JP Morgan.
Scott Levine: On disposal pricing, look like the number was you think its a 2.2%. You said you are seeing some continued discipline in the marketplace there. What are your expectations there? Going forward are there any mixed issues in the quarter.
Jim OConnor: Well, I mean I think part of our landfill and disposal pricing is indexed price like a lot of the rest of our business. So, we are seeing some pressure come back in certain markets, we have seen Huston, we have seen Mecklenburg County which is Charlotte we have seen Los Angeles come in with flat to negative CPI adjustments. So those are putting some pressure on. But all in all the intensity of the review by the fields organization on disposal prices and our commitment to continually move it up is still there.
Don Slager: Yes, if I could add to that, remember too Scott, the mix in that business, what we called the open market volume at landfills that volume is not under our contract that limits our pricing, the CPI that open market volume that has decreased with the economy. So when we are telling you that we have seen 18% reductions in our roll up business, those over market customers that come to our landfills have seen those kinds of reductions as well. So when you add to the whole mix issue we have had fewer tons to price in those landfills as well. So that all kind of comes out in the math.
Scott Levine: Also, we saw that you guys recently sold Miami Data operations to a services that was not a required divesture, would you guys consider or you contemplating selling other markets voluntarily.
Jim OConnor: Well, I mean we are always reviewing our portfolios of business. In the case of Miami, we looked at our ability to further integrate the business with disposal and really didnt see anything in the near term or the intermediate term. So, we got a very good deal from Waste Services and are able to integrate it and take advantage of their market integration. So, the rest of our markets in Florida have municipal based disposal and we still feel very high on those. But again, as these two companies continue to come together we are going to continue to look at the returns that each of the marketplaces are giving us and weve got well over a 100 to a 150 markets that we are reviewing right now. So, we see that opportunity to improve or we see an opportunity to do an exchange or a divestiture, we will take advantage of those, but right now we feel really good about the portfolio.
Don Slager: I think if you take Miami, again, Dade County is really a separate market than the greater Miami to Jims point. I think we would probably get solid number four in the market place. And in most of the markets we are in we are at one or at number two, and so we just had a weaker position to start.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman - WSI.
Michael Hoffman: On the price side, having extraordinarily low inflation across the whole business model, so can we frame price with regards to the real prices as opposed to nominal and whether you are seeing any improvements going forward with the spread, so as you are coming out of 2009 going into 2010 do you actually see a better real price relative to 2009, so thats part of the why margins should continue to improve and cash flow improves.
Jim OConnor: Well yes, I mean I think it kind of goes Michael with some of the opening comments that I think each of us made here that we are still looking at the spread between core pricing and inflation, and spread is still well in excess of a 100 basis points which should be a contributor to margin expansion for us. So, I dont see any reason why we wouldnt continue to see that and I think when we get ready to give guidance for 2010 you will see that well be giving guidance for a margin expansion.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. This is not my second question; I just want to make sure I understood you correctly. You are still expecting the spread to be in place and improve regardless of what the inflation environment is.
Tod Holmes: Yes, and if you do the math weve got about half of our revenue is the index price. So if you think CPI pricing is going to go down by 200 basis points thats a net impact to our price of 100 basis points, math is pretty simple.
Jim OConnor: Yes. Again, we look at the margin expansion that we spoke to and that we have achieved somewhere in that 100 basis point range we feel very good about that.
Michael Hoffman: Then 2010 expiration of cap gains taxes and I get that you are in the process of integrating two companies coming up in the anniversary of that but can you talk about the acquisition environment for you and whether those are opportunity to take advantage of a lot of businesses that may chose itself because of capturing capital gain at a lower rate in 2010 and whats your position compete for that?
Jim OConnor: I guess weve not looked at our business portfolio on the basis of how the federal government sets the tax rates, we really look at the integration benefits to the acquisition whether its to latch on Collection Company or filling in for a void that we have in terms of disposal capacity. So, we are going to take advantage of those. If there is not any reason, we have got plenty of cash flow to do that. I mean obviously we are committed to delevering the company. But we are not going to pass up a good opportunity in a particular market to fill out the integration process. So, as those become available we are going to review those, and if we dont look like we are participating for the most part we usually are, its just that we cant meet the sellers expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Ellis - Bank of America.
Jonathan Ellis: I wanted to just first of all talk about; you mentioned that 50% of revenue is tied to some form of index. But can you give us a sense when that how much of that 50% of revenues is tied to CPI and or other indices on more of a real time basis versus more lag, and really what I am getting at is, how much of an incremental, assuming that CPI remains kind of in the current run rate, how much of an incremental downside of pressure could there be as you move into 2010 and some of those contracts begin to reset.
Jim OConnor: Well, again, weve looked at it and the math again is pretty simple. I mean if we are doing somewhere between 3% and 3.5% price on what was an inflationary environment that was probably 2.5% or something like that, and you think its going to go to 1% or maybe less than that. It could have a 100 basis point impact on our price year-over-year from -- actually between 75 and 100 basis points 09 to 10, and again its a functional whats going on with CPI, its a function obviously as you are alluding to of the contracts themselves and when they reset, but we are starting to see them reset here in this third quarter and they will continue to reset all the way through probably the third quarter of next quarter.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay. So on more of a rolling basis than opposed to a step function change in one quarter next year perhaps.
Jim OConnor: Right. Its going to come in on a rolling basis, you will see a series steps I guess is a better way to put it.
Jonathan Ellis: Then my second question is just in light of the formula I guess irrespective of your contracts. Any thoughts on opportunities to potentially raise either existing fees or introduce additional fees or introduce additional fees, I know one of your large competitors has put an administrative fee in place with some success, any thoughts on your fee structure generally speaking to complement what you are doing from a pricing standpoint?
Jim OConnor: I dont think so Jonathan, I think we have evaluated the fee structures that we have in place today. We feel that they are appropriate today. But I mean again as the business environment changes and as it relates to fees or administration fees, we will obviously look at those and evaluate those at the appropriate time, but right now we feel real good about where we are at.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay. Just to be clear, you do not have an administrative fee in place right now.
Jim OConnor: Thats correct. Lets clear that up okay, just because I know we are talking over each other here. We do have in certain markets where we do have administrative fees in place, they are not true to a great degree, and they are not necessarily through out the entire organization nor do we plan at this particular time to standardize those administrative fees.
Operator: Your next question comes from Corey Greendale - First Analysis
Corey Greendale: I believe, if I heard you correctly Tod, in your comments you said something about recycling volumes been weaker than expected, could you just put that in context with the other comments about volumes basically being stable and trending as expected in the waste part of the business.
Tod Holmes: I would say, what we saw actually was a step up sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter in our materials recycling facility volumes, and I think we are hopeful that they were going to continue to move up. They probably went up by about 7% or 8%, and actually what we saw I think is as the price moved up the volumes came back a little bit. So our third quarter volumes were probably more in line with our first quarter volumes. Now, some of that might be a mix issue with the mills, I think I have just been looking at our hedging strategy and one of the things that we are hearing is that there are tax incentives associated with virgin fiber, which maybe would be set to expire later this year, and so that maybe a driver. So it could be a short phenomenon, it should be just the mills in China ramping up inventory for these holiday selling season and maybe starting to back off a little later in the third quarter.
Corey Greendale: Okay and my follow question is about the landfill pricing. I think there have been at least some instances of municipal or county sites raising their price more as a source of revenue, is that something you are seeing? Are you seeing its any great degree and do you think that could help support maybe greater landfill pricing in some markets than that would offset some of the lower CPI and other markets?
Don Slagger: I will think we have seen than to any degree Corey, we have seen a few examples of it that continues that certainly helps the pricing environment, but I dont think its necessarily, I think its also to really say thats the new trend in municipal pricing.
Jim OConnor: I dont know if it would help us anyways where we have that situation. I think if municipality or the unit of government has a disposing facility, for the most part when we recognize that as a source of income, additional income, I think they will probably look at like at it like they do their other fee structures in light of tax basis environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Just a question for you Jim, you now have the Allied waste business for nearly a year, just interested in hearing what your thoughts are in terms of the top one or two best surprises, if you will, and what are the maybe on or two biggest concerns that you have now as you have this business now for a year?
Jim OConnor: Its not really surprising to me because I think when we actually were in preliminary discussions, we realized the strength of both organizations people, and we ask that human element, I guess, I would refer to it as, thats probably the biggest basset that we have. Its the reason that we have been able to put such a great integration plan together, and execute against them, and while I know you probably just use these words somewhat loosely is that since I have had it its really, this was a merger of equals more so and if think what you look at is that both companies brought significant amount to the table. So I guess what I really am on to street talking to individual investors and they ask me this question really the integration process has far exceeded my highest expectations and a lot of that is due to the peoples efforts, the quality of the people and the planning process, and then our ability to execute against it.
Richard Skidmore: Then just following up on that a little bit with regards to the synergy target for 2010, based on the commentary it sounds like you are expecting about $20 million incremental synergy benefit in 10 versus 09, is there a reason that that wouldnt be a bigger number given the overall cost structure of the business.
Tod Holmes: Well I think it will probably be a little bit bigger than that. Again, in terms of total synergies while we originally note that $150 million we are looking more towards $165 to $175 and we think that in this calendar year in terms of absolute dollars realized we should get something in the range of about $120 million. So, the difference being the $120 and $165 to $175 not all of that will come next year, some of it will obviously be a roll over into 2011 depending on the timing, but I would say that we should be getting maybe something in the $30, $35 million in 2010.
Don Slager: Then the cost structure and the cost of the team.
Jim OConnor: Right, cost of attaining also drop off in 2010.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. OConnor for his closing remarks.
Jim OConnor: Thank you, operator. In summary, I am very pleased with our third quarter results and will continue to stay focused on achieving appropriate return on capital through improved pricing, maintaining labor productivity through route and disposal optimization. We continue to meet and exceed expectations while realizing merger synergies, generating higher levels of free cash flow performance, reinvesting in our people and business platforms to ensure customer service, and a high quality and safe work environment, continuing to reduce debt, improving our credit profile and taking advantage of refinancing opportunities to reduce interest expense. I would like to thank our field organization for their continued focus and exceeding financial targets and integrating our national operating platform. I would like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available through November 16th, by 203-369-0795. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC fillings and a discussion of business activities along with the recording of this call are available on Republics website at www.republicservices.com. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2009 Conference Call for investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good morning, Mr. O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Julie and thank you, and good morning and thank you to all of you for joining us today. This is Jim O'Connor, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter conference call. Don Slater, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me, as we discuss our second quarter performance. I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discussed on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 30, 2009. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I am pleased to report that we'll be raising our 2009 financial guidance, as a result of our pricing discipline and our ability to adjust our cost structure. In addition, we are significantly ahead of plan in achieving merger synergies. Financial highlights for the second quarter are revenue of $2.1 billion, net income of $226 million or $0.59 of earnings per share. Our adjusted EPS was $0.39. The adjustment is primarily related to the divestiture gains, adjusted EBITDA margins of 30.7%. This outstanding performance highlights the ability of our field organization to maintain pricing discipline, and implement cost controls, while working through the integration process. Average price in the quarter was 3.4%. We continue to use our return on investment pricing tools; to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Volumes declined by 10.3% in the quarter, due to weak economic conditions, particularly in the construction business. Year-to-date free cash flow was $342 million or $0.90 per share. Free cash flow is the best measurement of the quality of earnings of our business. Our Board has approved a $0.19 per share dividend payable October 15, 2009. Now I want to provide some information on our integration and divestiture efforts. Through the second quarter of 2009, our integration schedule and subsequent financial savings are running well ahead of plan. Our annual run rate synergies achieved as of June 30, are approximately $115 million. We have already exceeded our 2009 run rate goal, of $100 million. Based on our successful integration process, we expect to achieve $125 million of run rate synergies, by the end of 2009. In addition, we are raising our guidance for total synergies to $165 million to $175 million, by the end of 2010. Today, the systems integration has been extremely successful. We have successfully converted over 80% of our overlap markets, including three of our largest overlap markets, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Houston. Our IT group has completed the integration in individual markets and we are table to realize significant operating synergies through route and disposal optimization. We expect to complete the integration process in overlap markets by the end of the third quarter. We continue to be on track, with migrating to a common general ledger system by the end of the third quarter. Our IT group continues to execute as well as our financial group, on integrating this plan. We have closed or signed contracts on all assets that are required to be divested. We expect total pretax proceeds to exceed $475 million, and we have already received $424 million, from divestitures. The open transaction should close within the next 30 days. All divestiture proceeds are being used for debt reduction. We expect total debt reduction for 2009 to be approximately $600 million. Earlier this month, Standard & Poor's recognized the continued improvement in our investment grade rating by raising our outlook. Our current rating is BBB stable, and we are committed to future improvements in our credit profile. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer, to give you the financial outlook for the quarter.
Tod Holmes: Thanks Jim. As Jim indicated second quarter revenue for 2009, as reported, rose almost 150% to $2.1 billion, from $828 million last year. And again this increase of about $1.25 billion relates to the merger with Allied. Since we are measuring performance of the operations on a combined company basis, the remainder of my comments assume that the company's merged as of January 1, 2008. The prior year combined company financial data, referenced in my comments can also be found on our website. Now on a combine company basis, there is a decline in total internal growth of about 12.5%, and I will give you the components. First, the core price growth of 3.4%. We continue to see core pricing improvements in all lines of business, including collection at about 3.9%, and landfill pricing of about 3%. Within the collection business, industrial pricing of 3.2% was less than other lines of business, and has made up approximately of 70% permanent work and 30% temporary work. Price increase, on temporary work, was less than the industrial average. In fact, it was fairly flat. Now let me talk a little bit about our internal growth methodology. Beginning Q1, 2009, Republic embraced the methodology used by Allied in prior years. Under this approach, price increases are calculated using the average price per unit method. Changes in commodity revenues and fuel recovery fees are calculated separately, and are not included in our reported core price. However, when expressing price increases as a percentage, price dollars are guide by total prior period revenue which includes commodity revenues and fuel and recovery fees. This has the impact of lowering the calculated effect of price increase percentage to our existing customer base. Because we believe consistency is important, we're consistency is important we're continuing to report price under this methodology. However, if fuel recovery fees and commodity revenues were excluded from the denominator, the revenue base, our reported price increase would be approximately 30 to 40 basis points higher. Again, price volume calculations -- there's a little bit of a variation, maybe, in the methodology that's used and our approach is to be very clear and very consistent in our reporting. Commodity revenue decrease was about 2.5%. Prices decreased by 45% to an average price of $0.72 per ton in the current year, from $132 per ton in the prior year second quarter. Offsetting this improvement in price is a relatively weaker volume than anticipated, a reflection of the weaker economy. Q2 [most] commodity volumes of 470,000 tons, reflects an 11% decrease from the prior year. Q2 average price increased $9 per ton, from $63 per ton average in Q1, 2009. With prices slightly higher in June, than the average for the quarter. Fuel recovery fee decrease of 3.1%; the reduction in fuel recovery fees relates to a decrease in related fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel fuel fell to 233 in the second quarter of '09 from $4.40 a gallon in the second quarter of 2008 or approximately 47%, with current fuel prices now up averaging about $2.53 per gallon. Our volumes were down about 10.3% for the quarter, compared to the prior year. Residential and commercial volumes experienced low-to-mid single digit declines. Volume loss was most significant in the industrial and related landfill lines of business, which experienced high-teen year-over-year volume declines, both a reflection of the weak economy. In 2009, revenues are much flatter quarter-to-quarter, as we're not seeing a normal increase in seasonal revenues. In prior years Q2 revenues increased 5% to 6% from Q1 to Q2, due to the construction and business activity pick-up from warmer weather, particularly in the northern climates. In 2009, same store sequential revenue increased less than 2%. Looking forward to Q3, we expect similar volumes as Q2. Again, typically there is a step up, more modest from the second to third quarter. So again, we expect similar volumes in Q3 as Q2, therefore, year-over-year volume loss should be about the same. In Q4, we expect year-over-year volume declines to lessen, as the sharp volume loss in Q4, 2008 begins to anniversary out. Again many of you will remember that that's when we saw the housing, construction industry really drop off. Second quarter year-over-year margins; similar to internal growth, I will discuss the second quarter year-over-year change in EBITDA margin, as if the company had merged on January 1, 2008. And again, these components of costs are on our website. Second quarter 2009, EBITDA margin, excluding divestiture gains of 150 million, excluding restructuring costs of $12.3 million, and excluding costs to achieve synergies of $10.1 million which is in SG&A, was 30.7%, compared to a combined margin of 26.7% in the prior year. This is an improvement, of 400 basis points. I will now briefly comment on the significant changes in these cost components, as a percentage of revenue. And again they are on our website. First, fuel; fuel expense improved 340 basis points due to the 47% decrease in cost of diesel, as I mentioned earlier. Partially offsetting the decrease in fuel cost was the decrease in related fuel recovery fee revenue, resulting in a net improvement in EBITDA margin of about 180 basis points. Second; labor. The 140 basis point decrease in EBITDA margin, primarily relates to the post collection line of business, due to a required minimum level of staffing, and a sharp decline also in commodity revenues. Same store staffing levels have been reduced by over 7% since the prior year, allowing us to maintain collection productivity levels. Third, transportation and subcontract expenses. We had 160 basis point improvement in margin, resulting from synergy-related cost reductions, associated with redirecting waste streams to a more efficient disposal network; internalizing national accounts collection work that was historically subcontracted; volume declines; and fourth lower fuel surcharges. Cost of goods sold, the 70 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin relates to reductions in rebates to customers for volumes delivered to our (inaudible). Cost of good sold for our (inaudible) decreased approximately 57% to an average $20 per ton from $47 in the prior year. Despite this decrease in cost, commodity revenue declines more than outweighed the benefit, resulting in a net unfavorable, 100 basis point decrease in EBITDA margin. [Fifth] cost category landfill operating cost, 200 basis point improvement primarily relates to $52 million of environmental charges recorded in the prior year. These prior year amounts related to costs to remediate environmental conditions at the company's Countywide and Sunrise landfills, and it was partially offset by the favorable resolution of an environmental obligation at an Allied close site the prior year. Sixth is risk management. Of the 60 bases point increase this cost, 30 basis points relates to favorable adjustments to retain loss reserves, primarily recorded in the prior year. We've got an excellent performance from our safety folks and operations folks. We continue to see improvements in both frequency and from a severity standpoint. The remainder of this variance relates to the impact of relatively fixed insurance premiums on lower seasonal revenues. Next is our other expenses. There is a 40 basis point increase in cost that includes facility operating expenses, and other costs that are relatively fixed in nature. Despite decreasing in absolute dollars from the prior year, these costs increased due to the lower revenue base. Finally, SG&A; we've got a 90 basis point increase, which includes $10.1 million, or 50 basis points of cost to achieve synergies. Excluding these costs, SG&A dollars actually decrease $24.3 million compared to the prior year. And this improvement reflects both synergy-related and volume-related adjustments. SG&A as a percentage of revenue excluding cost to achieve synergies was 9.9%. The 40 basis point increase in costs is primarily due to the lower revenue base. To bring it all together, the 400 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion can be summarized as follows: Net fuel, positive 180 basis points; net commodity, negative 100 basis points; non-reoccurring items recorded in the prior year, positive 200 basis points; impact of divestitures, negative 30 basis points; realization of synergies, positive 120 basis points; and pricing improvements, partially offset by fixed costs and lower volumes was a net positive, 30 basis points. Finally, let me talk about depreciation, amortization, and accretion. This increased year-over-year 170 basis points. Of this 170 basis point increase, 130 basis points relates to increased non-cash expenses, associated with purchase accounting valuation Allied's assets and liabilities, completed in connection with the merger. The remaining 40 basis points variance relates to the fixed cost, relative to lower revenues. Now Republic has some non-cash interest expense. Again, this is a function of the purchase accounting with the acquisition of $36 million in the second quarter of 2009. The Allied debt, you will recall on December 5, was recorded at a significant discount due to the credit markets which were liquid at that time. Hence despite an upgrade to investment grade for the Allied debt, it was at a discounted time of the merger. This amortization will continue in future periods, until the relate debt is repaid. Let me talk briefly about our taxes and our tax rate. Jim will explain revised 2009 guidance in a few minutes, but I want to clarify our expectations for the 2009 effective tax rate. In the second quarter, we realized favorable resolution, on some old Allied waste state tax issues. As a result, our Q2 tax rate excluding divestitures was about 40%. This provided a one-time benefit in the second quarter earnings of about $0.02. We expect the tax rate to be about 43.5% for the second half of 2009. Therefore, we expect our full-year 2009 tax rate, excluding gains on divestitures, to be about 42.5%. Next let me talk about free cash flow. Free cash flow trends vary from quarter-to-quarter, due the timing of certain payments such as cash, taxes and capital expenditures. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was $342 million, which consisted of $681 million cash from operating activities, less purchases of property, and equipment, paid in cash, of $355 million, plus, the proceeds from the sale of property of 16 million. So that's free cash flow of $342 million. Year-to-date free cash flow excluding merger-related payments net of tax was $388 million. Now turning to the balance sheet; at June 30, our accounts receivable balance was $19.4 million, and our day sales outstanding was 40 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Our net debt, excluding discount is approximately $7.7 billion at June 30, and thus far, in 2009, we have paid off $654 million of debt, and currently, the excess credit availability under a bank facility, is approximately $730 million. Again, as Jim mentioned, S&P upgraded its outlook and raised the company's short-term rating. We had remaining maturities due in 2009. In summary, it's clear that the financial results reflect the solid operating performance of our business, which was driven by solid core pricing, our ability to scale the business to declining volumes, and the realization of integration synergies. Now I will turn the call back to Jim.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks, Tod. Due to pricing discipline, cost control and integration synergies, we are increasing our 2009 financial guidance. We are increasing our free cash flow guidance for 2009 to a range of 700 million to 725 million before integration cost. The previous guidance for free cash flow was $650 million. We're raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.43 to $1.45 per share, before integration costs. Previous guidance range was $1.30 to $1.35 per share. We expect price growth to average 3.2% to 3.5%, for 2009. This pricing level reflects the impact of a lower CPI rate on municipal contract adjustments. Our current pricing strategy will continue to deliver improvement in margin, and return on invested capital. Full year volume decline is expected to be in the area of 8.5% to 9%, reflecting the ongoing weakness in the economy. The company anticipates net capital spending of approximately $800 million, due to lower volumes. Previous guidance on net capital spending was $845 million. And finally, EBITDA margins for 2009 are now anticipated to be approximately 30.5%, before cost related to integrating our businesses. Previous guidance was 29.5%. The significant EBITDA margin improvement demonstrates our ability to secure higher pricing, even in this economic environment. Before going to Q&A, I'd like to comment on the exceptional performance of our entire organization. Don and I have been out in the organization conducting operation reviews. I can say with confidence that's two organizations that is, Republic and Allied are now operating as a cohesive unit. Our success in operating as a single team has allowed us to execute the most successful integration in the solid waste sector. Although we've been operating in a weak economy, I am very pleased with the team's financial performance. And before going to Q & A, I would like to have Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer comment on the operating performance of the business units.
Don Slager: Thanks Jim. It's been a little more than a year ago that we began our pre-merger integration planning. From the beginning, Jim emphasized the importance of melding the two organizations. We were very intentional on who we selected for our integration team and how we constructed our integration plans. As we built our operating team and established our corporate and field organization, we remained very focused on blending the company. Now seven months into the merger, you can see the results of the organizational melding that has occurred. Teamwork, collaboration and mutual respect that's developed in Republic is something we're very pleased with. In short, the team has really gelled. Despite the challenging economy, the organization has demonstrated its ability to effectively price our business to offset and exceed inflationary costs. The team is diligently managed the middle and proven itself capable of adjusting the workforce and the fleet, for economic volume changes, on a real-time basis. Meanwhile we're executing our integration plan, with exceptional success. And with all this happening, we have improved our safety results to the best level in the company's combined history. As we visit the field, we continue to see the excitement that our people have for the company, and for what they are accomplishing. The results are a credit to our people who have a passion for this business and for our customers. Our field organization is looking forward now to the 2010 business planning process, as we continue to build our national business platform, and strategically develop our markets. We will continue to reward the Republic team for improvement in return on invested capital, and delivering consistent free cash flow.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks Don. And with that, operator if you would, open the line to questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). The first question is from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Just, could you touch on, given synergies and cost saves and your proceeds from asset sales and free cash flow guidance going up, you likely expect the faster deleveraging. You touched on how much debt you're going to pay down this year. Would you comment a little more on capital allocation going forward, specifically in 2010 and 2011, how to think about that?
Jim O'Connor: Right now, I think as the investment community realizes, we're committed to paying down debt. And our commitment is to pay down $2 billion over the next three to four years. And you know that is where we're currently at. As any good business, as we meet quarterly, we continue to review our cash allocation, to debt and to our equity holders. But today we are committed, all the divestiture proceeds have been used, to pay down debt, a significant portion of the cash flows other than that are already committed to dividend, will be used, that's the balance of the $600 million that we are anticipating in '09. And, again, we're going to continue to reevaluate and revisit that, with the Board over the next year-and-a-half.
Hamzah Mazari: And just a follow-up question. Could you touch on volume declines a little more specifically, on whether you're seeing volume stablization, you didn't talk about that in the press release; also, on your commercial business. And could you give us a sense of, you talked about residential being down low-single digits. Would you give us a sense of what commercial is down, what industrial is down right now? How that compares to last year, and what you're seeing in July, in those business lines.
Jim O'Connor: Sure. Sequentially, I think we're seeing the business to be relatively flat. Okay? Year-over-year, second quarter, we're looking at increasing volume losses due to service declines in commercial, continued weakness in the industrial collection business, which is predominantly construction-related of about 18%. Commercial is now running at about 5.5% to 6%. Residential is low-single digit as you mentioned, but escalating over the first quarter, we are looking at about 2.5% to 3% of volume decline there. Disposal, obviously related to weakness in the collection business, and volumes in general in the construction market, down about 16% to 17%. And the (inaudible) is roughly flat. And then as you look at the seasonal impacts, we've seeing very little seasonal impact. The little bit we saw was in the Mid-west, in the east we saw nothing. Even though we have pretty good construction seasons in the south and west, we usually do see some marginal pickup there from first and second quarter, we did not see that. And again our weakest areas appear to be the east and the Mid-west.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Levine from JPMorgan.
Scott Levine- JPMorgan: Touching on the disposal volumes a little bit more detail, you indicated I think in the first quarter that you were seeing in addition to the weakness in C & D business, declining weights in your less cyclical business lines. We think about the trends Q2 to Q1 and then here in the early part of Q3. Is it getting better or worse in each of those areas or is one area or the other having more of an impact on disposal volumes and you know any additional color on that subject.
Jim O'Connor: Obviously we continue to see some service declines in our commercial business. They are going to directly reflect on our third party disposal volumes. But I think when you look at unit weights and what we would call the annuity streams of the commercial small container business and residential business, we saw the unit weight decline, which obviously would some impact on disposal. We've seen it get a little bit better, still declining but not as much in the second quarter. So it appears to be flattening out.
Tod Holmes: Scott I would add there too. It's not really so much this year as it is last year. This year it seems to be rolling first to second and third at a relatively constant level. Obviously we didn't get the seasonal uptick. So, it's really more about last year ramping up second and third quarter than it is this year, ramping down. This year is consistent, last year it was moving up and therefore the comps are a little more difficult in the second and third quarter, and when we get to the fourth quarter, we view that as a trend that will reverse something.
Don Slager: We also -- this is Don. And we also didn't see the special waste jobs we typically see in the second quarter. That gap has widened on us a little bit. But we've got a pipeline full of volume. We just have to get the customers to release it.
Tod Holmes: And it's all evidenced by looking at our deflection rates. They are flat, they are relatively consistent with last year.
Scott Levine- JPMorgan: Understood. One last one maybe on pricing in the cyclical businesses. Sounds like things are starting away may be a little bit on pricing in the cyclical business a little bit more, but still seeing stability in the balance of the business, is that an accurate characterization? And if you could talk to me to a degree specifically on pricing and C&D and temporary roll-out?
Jim O'Connor: Yeah, I'd say it is relatively flat, which is good. Again that's been one of the barometers that we told people to look to as to the stability of pricing in the sector. So I would say flat is good and we will see benefits of that as the economy starts to recover.
Don Slager: If I could add, I think to backup what Tod said in his comments. There's lot of mix that goes on in pricing calculation, but the fundamentals of the business has been strong. The pricing atmosphere and competitive pricing nature of the markets is pretty consistent with what we've seen in the past.
Scott Levine- JPMorgan: Do you feel like what you're saying the competition then?
Jim O'Connor: We think the sector is stable.
Operator: The next question is from Corey Greendale from First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Could you just speak to landfill pricing? I think it was last quarterly -- it was 4% this quarter, 3%, which is not to equivalent of 100 basis points, but are you seeing something move there more than expected or tougher to get the pricing than you expected?
Jim O'Connor: Well, I think we've got a number of disposal contracts with the municipal sector. That we're seeing some pressure related just to the CPI being down. So that's predominantly it. We do see some weakening in the special waste markets, but again, nothing significant there. So as you said; disposal pricing at 3%, is still well above where it was three years ago, continue to drive pricing in the market place. And, you know we still feel very good about that.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And I know it's is hazardous to compare companies directly given the nuances of the calculation but --
Jim O'Connor: Always in the hazardous waste business.
Corey Greendale: Feel that too. Since the other national company just reported, how do you -- their volume comp wasn't as negative as yours comparing Q1 to Q2. So I am not asking you to comment on that specifically, but how do you know that you are not losing share whether it's to another public company or to smaller competitors who may be starving and getting more aggressive on price.
Jim O'Connor: When we look at our defection rates and our retention rates, we feel those are pretty good indicators of the stability of the market place. So we haven't seen any movement there in the area of 7% to 8%, and they have been for a number of years and I think I commented on that in the past. So, again those are our leading indicators. We also have other marketing tools out there with our customer relationship management system, which is a basically a telemarketing or not a telemarketing but a prospecting system. And we still have a very good funnel there and we also tracked our losses within that tool. So when we look at all those metrics, we say that the market is relatively stable again.
Operator: Next question is from Bill Fisher from Raymond James.
Bill Fisher: If you look at your kind of run rate gross margin now going forward, now that you got the divestitures out of there and I guess [feels] a little more stable. You have on one side of the pricing, synergies building and on the other side I guess the landfill volumes are down quite a bit. Can you just go forward with those kinds of variables or others and do you think you can continue to push up gross margins a bit as you go forward ex the seasonality.
Tod Holmes: You're talking for the short term, like first half of this year to second half. I think there's a little bit of a margin headwind due to higher fuel costs that we're seeing here. I think I mentioned that diesel was about $2.55, it's up from the second quarter average. And then the other is bad debt expense. We had some recoveries, we had some third party contractors to the government, and obviously there's is risk there if they don't pay us, so we had some reserves that we had set up at the end of last year that we recovered from payments, since we finally paid them, FEMA. So that's kind of a short-term headwind. I think as you look longer term, it becomes what Don and Jim spoke to, it's our ability to get pricing a little bit better than the CPI. Again it's not the absolute percentage of price, it's the relative price to CPI and costs that should allow us to expand margins from say, 30% modestly up each year. Maybe it's 50 or 100, 150 basis points over a multi-year cycle. So longer term we'd look [forward].
Don Slayer: If I could add. Bill, this is Don. Tod mentioned in his comments that we didn't see the seasonality change Q1 to Q2 that we've enjoyed in previous years. If we had seen that seasonal revenue increase like it typically would, our margins would have even been better than they were in Q2. So, we're operating even a little better maybe than the margin says. And then our guys have done a great job, as I said in my comments, they are effectively getting price to exceed inflation. We've gotten really good at that in this company over the last three or four years. We have gotten really good at cost management over the last 18 months, because we've had to. And if this volume comes back naturally in to our business through our customers, we should see that volume come back at a good margin, right? So we think there is upside there.
Tod Holmes: We will probably see it in SG&A and other expenses. I think in my notes I mentioned, they are relatively fixed. And also DD&A, which is running close to 12% -- DD&A and Accretion is running close to 12%. So that's a couple of hundred basis points more than our capital spend, which obviously indicates a strong cash flow characteristic for the company.
Bill Fisher: And then just to follow up on -- given your landfill volumes are down say mid-teens. If you look at '010 kind of CapEx and you just got through '09 and you brought '09 down. Given the kind of landfill CapEx lags, is there a prospect that your '010 CapEx could be down, over '09?
Jim O'Connor: I knew somebody would try to get guidance out of us for 2010, Bill. So we appreciate that, but we're not prepared to say that right now or to give guidance for 2010. So, the level of 800 is appropriate in today's economy, and I guess we'll look at what the appropriate level is when we do our planning in the fourth quarter.
Tod Holmes: One thing that we didn't touch on is kind of where our assets are, and our fleet [8] is pretty consistent. Right Don?
Don Slayer: That's right. It's still about 7.2, so, we think the blended fleets really working well for us.
Tod Holmes: So as you look longer term, our CapEx somewhere in that 10% of revenue, is appropriate.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Ellis from Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: Just to follow-up on a question earlier about the pricing outlook for the year. I know you mentioned that you are now anticipating price to be between 3.2% and 3.5%, I think previously it was 4%, and you highlighted the CPI as being one of the primary drivers. Just recognizing that, I think in most of your contracts the CPI is backward-looking, and theoretically you would have had some sense at the beginning of the year what CPI escalators would be. Are there any other factors, any other end markets where you spend some deviation pricing relative to your original expectations earlier this year?
Jim O'Connor: No, Jonathan. And again, I guess my commentary on price would be that look that price is relatively strong at over 3%. It's consistent in the sector I think as we're seeing the reports come in. That pricing should allow us to expand margin and cash flows. And that is really kind of where we're at. We have some contracts, municipal contracts that are setting on a month-over-month basis, and that's creating a little bit of pressure. But overall, pricing is strong, it's going to continue to improve margin, and we're going to continue to be able to improve cash flows.
Tod Holmes: One thing Jonathan, is I think, what we missed was probably the CPI inflation. And inflation is maybe a little bit less than what we thought it might have been, earlier in the year. So, it really comes back to the relative price increase compared to inflation, which is probably a couple of hundred basis points above inflation. If you think back to what we said year-after-year, we need to get our return on investment backing to a decent level in this business, and to accomplish that, pricing that's maybe 100 to 150 basis points over CPI over a longer term should accomplish it. So I think it's more the relative price which is constant, than that 4% versus 3.5%. By the way, our second quarter pricing is consistent with the first quarter, and the guidance going forward is consistent. So while we were stretching towards 4%, the performance is really pretty consistent, pretty solid.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then just my other question, as it relates to the impact of commodities, and fuel surcharges. And if I have this correct that you haven't changed your guidance for commodities to be about a 2% drag for the year, fuel surcharges to be about 2.5% drag year-over-year. And just given what's happened to commodity prices first half of the year, and as you mentioned, fuel prices going up, just curious why those full-year revenue guidance figures haven't been [adjusted].
Jim O'Connor: I think a lot of it is the volume that we're seeing in our processing facilities. Jonathan, and that's really the lions share of it here.
Jonathan Ellis: The volume they are round about 11% I think.
Jim O'Connor: And then we have seen some price escalation here, and we're still trying to see where all that stuff kind of bottoms out at. So to modify the guidance at this time we think it would be pre-mature.
Tod Holmes: If you look at the volumes that we generate and brokered volumes that come in that we deal with third parties, say from our first quarter $63 a ton to our second quarter $72 a ton, it's about $9. $9 or $10 net of the rebates that we give back at the volume levels that we're at should give us probably on an annualized basis somewhere between $0.01 to $0.02 of additional earnings. So, maybe there's a little upside there. And, hopefully, that's a base that we carry from 2009 into 2010.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is from Michael Hoffman from Wunderlich Securities.
Michael Hoffman: Good morning, and congratulations on the progress. Clearly what we are consistently hearing through the conversation today is this ongoing concern and doubts about how do you possibly sustain price in this kind of volume pressure. Do you want to take another crack at sort of the explanation to the world of why this is sustainable?
Jim O'Connor: Again, I guess what we have always said this. Its, if you're going to really look at margin expansion in this business, and you're going to look at improving the returns on invested capital, while cost improvement is always important, it is a mitigator. The reality is that you have to be dealing with the top line. I think the discipline that Don and the rest of the senior management has put in the organization, towards pricing, has really accomplished the results that you see today. And that discipline and that fortitude to do to continue to move it is what drives it. That's how simple it is. It is not simple to execute, but it is that simple when you come to the realization. If you're going to grow cash flows and improve margins it is going to come from the top line, expansion.
Tod Holmes: Remember the lions share of our business is in that 2%, 2.5% to maybe 5%, 5.5% margin decline. If you look at these economic cycles this may or may not be a little deeper or longer than '01 or '01 or 91. But this is a pretty stable resilient business. So ,those are relatively modest declines that should start to anniversary out here. And therefore, the price increases we think is very solid.
Don Slager: I would like to add, Michael, this is Don. The business hasn't changed right. We have always said and it is remaining, it is a capital intensive business. You have got to continue to reinvest. It is a people intensive business, there is a lot of cost and a lot of overheads in the business. You have inflation in your business. We're no different than a company bigger than us or the company smaller than us. Even the three-truck company has inflation. And you have got a price to meet or exceed that inflation, every year. Because you cannot make up for inflationary costs just through productivity. You just can't do it. We have some great productivity programs in the company. We are very excited about what we're accomplishing but you got to offset that inflationary change through pricing. And that's what we're seeing in the business. So again, what is most important, as Tod has said, the relationship between inflation and pricing. And thats what we are seeing. We are seeing that continuing. Inflation maybe down a little bit but pricing is still going to meet or exceed that and that is really our battle cry. As Jim said we have got the controls in place internally to move that needle, and our field organization is really focused on it. And then ultimately, pricing is a function of what the market allows, and so, the market continues to move forward and people who own landfills understand the cost of operating and owning land fills in the perpetuity just like we do. And we have got price of land correctly and we  are going to continue to move disposal pricing according to that cost and sort of to the liability profile those land fills represent. None of that has changed in the market. Yes, there is some volume pressure. But we haven't anything globally, anything  on a national basis that makes us believe that people have changed their pricing philosophy. There is always going to be a pocket here or there. There is always going to be a manager who has bad facts, locally who makes a bad decision but those happen in isolation. And we have not seen any move that we think threatens the pricing platform for our business. I think people still remember what happened in the early 2000s and, we haven't seen anything like that. So we are very confident, we are very focused, and we're going to continue to take costs out of the business as the volumes change and we are going to add the costs back appropriately as the volumes come back and, hopefully, see volume come in at a better margin and we are going to continue to price, because we think we have got the controls and systems to do that.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you. So, follow up on that what I am hearing is you have been able to cut into the cost structure, far deeper than you may have ever thought, given the economic environment. You have got this pricing leverage over inflation. You are disciplined from your customers, you're competitors. So what I am also hearing is that there is very little need to add a lot of costs back in as volumes recover except maybe in the roll-off space, and so the operating leverage to the upside, on any incremental tonnage is fairly significant, more than what probably we have ever seen before in the past?
Don Slager: We would like to think that, again, in my comments I said we have gotten better at cost management than probably ever thought we would. And for us to adjust our cost, is real time as we have. You have seen in our margins Michael, I think it is phenomenal. I think it is a great job by the field. They are tracking units against labor hours, and any time the units change, the labor hours have to track. They have taken almost a manufacturing approach to some of that cost. As volume comes back, as our truckloads increase we will have to add man hours and put trucks back on the street. We are going to manage it on the way up the same way we managed it on the way down and my expectation of the field organization is that we will see margin improvement and great margins come in as the volume changes and the leverage and as Tom said, again that volume grows back naturally. When the factory that went from three shifts to two shifts goes back to three shifts we get that volume. Say, just pick up a phone and ask for another load. When the restaurant calls and says, hey I know I reduced from six days to four days I need to go back to five and then to six days we will manage that on the way up, the same way as we did on the way down. But we will get it, I think with a better answer because of what we have learned about how to manage costs in this business. Again, this is the worst economy we have ever seen. In light of that I think that the results are exceptional.
Jim O'Connor: I think like most businesses in America today running through this economy, they realized that potentially they got a little bit complacent in their business cost structure. I think we understand that and we understand I think going forward when the economy starts to expand, I think how much more we can stress the organization. So that kind of all really translates into additional margin and cash flow.
Don Slager: So with that, operator, I think we will conclude the questions.
Jim O'Connor: In summary, I am very pleased with our second quarter results. We continue to be focused on achieving appropriate return on invested capital through pricing. Maintaining labor productivity through route and disposal optimization. Continue to meet and exceed expectations for realizing our merger synergies, generating higher levels of free cash flow performance and reinvesting in our people, and our business platform to insure customer service and a high quality, and safe work environment. I would like to thank our field organization for their continued focus on exceeding financial targets, integrating our national operating platform, and maintaining a high quality and safe work environment. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded, and is available through August 2, 2009 by calling area code 203-369-1434.  A recording to the call will be available on Republic's web site at www.republicservices.com. In addition, all of our SEC filings and discussions of business activities are available on our Web site. Thank you for spending time with us today, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2009 conference call for Investors and Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, RSG. Your host this morning is Republic's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: This is Jim O'Connor and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services first quarter conference call. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer, Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our first quarter performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information, that we discuss on today's call, contains forward-looking statements, involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is May 1, 2009. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated, any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Although we experienced a very weak economic environment in the first quarter, Republic was successful in executing its pricing strategy, maintaining labor productivity and expanding EBITDA margins. Financial highlights for the first quarter are as follows. Revenue of $2.1 billion, net income of $113 million, or $0.30 of earnings per share, adjusted EPS for integration costs and divestiture charges was $0.37. As reported EBITDA margins of 29%, if results are adjusted for divestiture-related and restructuring charges, EBITDA margins were 30.8%. Republic is the industry leader for not only pricing, but for margin delivery. Average price increased in the quarter was 3.5%. Most importantly, our disposal pricing in the quarter increased to 4.1%. Based on our continued focus on pricing, we expect our full year performance for price, to be in the range of 4%. Free cash flow of $324 million, or $0.85 per share. Our Board also approved a $0.19 per share dividend payable July 15th. I am also pleased to report on our integration efforts, and the financial savings are running well ahead of plan. Our annual run rate synergies achieved as of March 31st exceed $75 million. As you know, our target for synergies is a $150 million run rate by the end of 2010. Although we are not adjusting our synergy guidance at this time, our management team is identified over a $170 million in potential savings, and we will continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Today, the systems integration is 40% complete in the overlap markets. As the IT group completes the integration in individual markets, we are able to realize significant operating synergies, through wealth and disposal optimization. We expect to complete the systems integration in the overlap markets on schedule by the end of the third quarter. We continue to close on assets that are required to be divested. All closings have occurred after March 31st. Pre-tax proceeds received to-date are $332 million. All proceeds have been used for debt reduction. We expect to close, all divestitures by the end of the second quarter. We expect full year debt reduction to exceed $550 million. Republic is again committed to continuing to prove its credit profile. We continue to be on track for migrating to a common general ledger system by the end of the third quarter. There have been no system-related problems during the integration and our IT group continues to execute on a well structured integration plan. Now before I turn the call over to Tod Holmes for our quarterly financial review, I'd like Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer to make a few comments regarding our operational performance in the first quarter. Don?
Don Slager: Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. During the first quarter Republic's field management team successfully maintained productivity and our effective pricing program. We have efficiently reduced our cost structure to adjust to the volume changes in our business, while delivering quality service to our customers and improving safety performance. We achieved significant improvement in EBITDA margins of 320 basis points, excluding restructuring charges. This high level of financial performance is being achieved amidst the additional workload of integrating our businesses and realizing synergies ahead of schedule. We continue to review our capital spending plans to ensure, we are effectively employing our balance sheet and realizing an appropriate return on capital for shareholders. I would like to thank all of our employees for their dedication and focus. Their commitment and team work has made us, as Jim said, the price and margin leader in the sector. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tod.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Don. As Jim indicated, the first quarter of 2009 revenues recorded rose 164% to $2.1 billion, from $779 million last year. Obviously this increase of $1.2 billion relates to the merger with Allied. Since we are measuring performance of the operations on a combined company basis, the remainder of my comments assumes the companies merged on January 1, 2008. The prior year combined company financial data referenced in my comments can also be found our website. We have also included on our website, additional detail on costs as a percentage of revenue that mirrors the historical detailed presentation from Allied. On a combined company basis, there is a decline in total internal growth of about 8.6%, consisting of positive revenue growth, core revenue growth of 3.5%. We continue to see core price improvements in all lines of business. Pricing is led by the disposal line of business at 4.1%, and also the combined commercial and residential collection business, that annuity revenue had a price increase of about 3.9%. Special waste and roll-off pricing was positive. This is our event type of sale, but it was less than other lines of business in the 2.5% to 3% range, due to a couple large event driven jobs and the temporary construction activity. Commodity revenue decreased 2.9%. This is both price and volume. Commodity prices decreased approximately 56% to an average of $62 a ton, from $141 a ton in the prior year. The average price per ton in March was slightly higher than the first quarter average, at $67 per ton. So, we are seeing a slightly stronger commodity market today. Additionally, commodity volumes sold at our (inaudible) decreased by approximately 17% to 440,000 tons in the quarter. Our fuel recovery fee decreased 1.2%. The reduction in fuel recovery fees relates to a decrease in related fuel costs. The average price per gallon of diesel fell to $2.19 in the first quarter of 2009, from $3.52 in the first quarter of 2008 or approximately 38% lower. Volumes were down 8%, now after adjusting for one less workday in 2009, since 2008 was a leap year; volume decline was really 7.5%. Residential volumes were essentially flat with the prior year. Commercial volumes experienced a low single-digit decline. Volume loss was the most significant in the roll-off and landfill lines of business, both of which experienced mid-teen year-over-year volume declines, both are reflection of the weak economy. The decline in volumes was partially offset by incremental revenues of about 35 basis points, coming from hurricane-related cleanups in the Houston area for hurricane Ike. Let me talk about our margins. Republic's first quarter year-over-year EBITDA margins, again similar to internal growth, I am going to talk about this, as if the companies had merged on January 1, 2008. First quarter 2009 EBITDA margin was 29%, compared to a combined margin of 26.8% in the prior year. There were divestiture charges in the quarter of $4.9 million, restructuring charges of $31.3 million, and asset impairments of $18.5 million, those first two were 2009. The $18.5 million asset impairment related to an Allied landfill in the first quarter of 2008. So, if these items were excluded, the adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.8% in 2009, compared to 27.6% in the prior year, an improvement of 320 basis points. Of this improvement, 240 basis points relates to three key drivers in our business that Don and Jim spoke to. Leverage of our strong pricing offset by modest cost increases; number two, our ability to reduce cost and maintain productivity in all lines of business, in spite of declining volumes in some; and three, the realization of synergy-related cost reductions. Secondly, we had 210 basis points of this total improvement relating to the impact of net fuel cost declines, and third, a decrease of 130 basis points, which relates to the impact of net commodity price declines. Now let me briefly comment on some of the significant changes in cost as a percentage of revenue and again, I would suggest people go to the website and look at the details. First, fuel; fuel expense improved 260 basis points due primarily to a 38% decrease in the cost of diesel. The average price per gallon, as I said earlier, was 219 in the first quarter of '09 compared to 352 in the first quarter of '08. Currently, fuel prices are approximately 220 a gallon, so that's a fairly constant. Partially offsetting the decrease in fuel cost was a decrease in related fuel recovery fee revenue, and this resulted in the net improvement in EBITDA margins of approximately 210 basis points, as I mentioned earlier. Second, the cost of goods sold. The 90 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin, relates to reductions in rebates customers for volumes are delivered to our (inaudible). Cost of goods sold at our (inaudible) decreased approximately 67% to an average of $16 per ton from $49 per ton in the prior year. Despite this decrease in costs, commodity revenues declined more, and that outweighed the benefit, resulting in an unfavorable 130 basis point decrease in EBITDA margin, associated with commodities. Third cost category is disposal. There is a 40 basis point improvement, primarily relating to decreased industrial volumes and reduction in container waste in the commercial and residential lines of business. Fourth, transportation and subcontract expenses, there is 110 basis point improvement in margin from decreased subcontracted collection volumes and also lower transportation expense at our transfer stations. This reduction in cost at our transfer station results from volume declines, lower fuel surcharges and synergy-related cost reductions that we are beginning to see, from the collection of our waste streams as part of the integration process. The next cost category is labor. 90 basis point decrease in EBITDA margin arises primarily from the post collection line of business, due to a required minimum level of staffing and a sharp decline in commodity revenues. This business, from a cost standpoint, we post collection, we can't flex quite as much as the collection. It's important to note that productivity was maintained in the collection lines of business, despite declines in volumes and labor cost, as a percentage of revenue in the collection business, were flat with the prior year. Finally, SG&A. SG&A, as a percentage of revenue for first quarter of 2009, was 10.6% or 60 basis points higher than the first quarter of 2008. It's important to note that this increase was primarily due to a $12.8 million adjustment recorded by Allied in the first quarter of 2008, related to the favorable resolution of a legal matter. Excluding this adjustment, SG&A as a percentage of revenue was relatively consistent between the periods. Furthermore, SG&A in the current period includes an incremental of 60 basis points of expense related to accruing synergy-related bonus and expense in transition costs associated with the merger. If you take that into consideration, we would expect our normal run rate SG&A, as a percentage of revenue to be approximately 10%. These above items makeup the majority of the 320 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin and I mentioned on a dollar basis that all ten cost categories that you see, at our website, we actually have a reduction in dollar expenditures in every cost category. Depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased by 200 basis points. Of this 200 basis point increase, about 140 basis points relates to increased expenses associated with purchase accounting valuations of Allied's assets and liabilities completed in connection with the merger, and again if you will recall what we said back in the end of February, where is normally we would expect DD&A to be about 10% of revenue, on a go forward basis, we are looking at probably about 11.5% of revenue for DD&A, due to purchase accounting noise. So therefore, the cash flows are stronger than the book earnings. The remaining 60 basis points of variance in DD&A relates to lower revenues relative to the fixed costs and certainly commodity pricing is a factor there. The 320 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin together with the 200 basis point increase in DD&A results in operating income margin expansion of 120 basis points. For the non-cash DD&A expenses resulting from the purchase accounting, operating margins, excluding restructuring charges and asset impairment would have been 20.3% versus 17.7% in the prior year, an improvement of 260 basis points. Now we talk a little bit about our interest expense. Non-cash interest expense is a significant factor for the company going forward due to this purchase accounting noise. The company recorded non-cash interest expense of $38 million in the first quarter of 2009, arising primarily from the amortization of Allied debt that was recorded as of December 5th at a significant discount. The credit markets at the date of merger, as you know, were illiquid, hence despite an upgrade to investment grade for Allied debt it traded at a significant discount. This amortization will continue in future periods until the related debt is repaid. Next I will talk about free cash flow. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately 130% of net income for the full year 2009. Free cash flow exceeds net income due to the non-cash amortization and non-cash interest expense arising from the merger, as I just discussed. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $324 million, which if you looked at it on the face, is unusually high. However, there are a couple of normalizing items that we should talk to. Again, cash provided by operating activities was $512 million, less purchases of property and equipment of $193 million, and that was what was actually paid for equipment in the first quarter, plus proceeds from the sale of property or retired equipment was $5 million and that equals to $324 million. Now if you want to try to normalize that $324 million, free cash flow benefited from the following items in the first quarter. The change in accounts receivable of approximately $68 million, there is obviously some seasonality in the first quarter there, we have a one-day improvement, and as revenues come down, we tend to collect a little bit of that cash, bring it back in, so there is a benefit arising from that. The second point is timing of tax payments; where we normally would expect to pay about $80 million. We made some small state tax payments, but that was not what we would have estimated to be approximately $75 million of federal tax payment in the first quarter. That will occur later in the year. Next is the timing of capital expenditures. Again, our guidance was net $845 million, so there is another $22 million to normalize the timing of capital expenditures. Given the above items that are more timing in nature, we remain comfortable with our guidance range of $550 million for the full year, but if you were to do the reconciliation from the $324 million for those three items that I just mentioned, you would find that we are probably in a range of $550 million to $600 million. Now let me speak briefly about our balance sheet. At March 31st, our accounts receivable balance was $878 million, and as I mentioned earlier, our day sales outstanding sequentially improved from 40 to 39 days. On a net of deferred revenue basis, it's 23 days, again a one day improvement. Also, our net debt excluding discounts at March 31st was approximately $8 billion. More importantly, we have approximately $800 million of excess credit availability under our bank facility as of today. The company is maintained its investment grade rating, does not have any significant maturities due in 2009. We have $99 million coming due in May, and that will be paid out of the free cash flow of the business. At March 31st, we had 378.8 million shares outstanding. Republic now also has about 18.5 million options outstanding, of which $14.5 million are exercisable at an average strike price of approximately $23.50. In summary, it's clear that the financial results reflect a solid operating performance for our business, which again is driven by strong core pricing, our ability to maintain and maybe modestly improve productivity by scaling the business to declining volumes and certain components of our revenue stream, and also the excellent performance of our organization, both here at the corporate office and the field, have delivered in the realization of synergies. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks, Tod. As is our standard policy, we will provide a detailed update on financial guidance on our second quarter call in July. However, we are very comfortable with our previous guidance of full-year reported earnings per share of $1.10 to $1.15. Merger related costs associated with the merger $0.20 per share, adjusted EPS of $1.70 to $1.75, free cash flow of $550 million after merger-related costs and 2008 related tax payment and as Don mentioned, we are reviewing currently our capital spending plans for further reductions. Our Board is committed to the current dividend payout, which is approximately 50% of free cash flow from operations and I would like to thank the 33,000 employees of Republic Services for their dedication to customer service and their financial discipline. We are in a great position to provide strong returns to our shareholders, due to the hard work of our employees. Operator now, we'll take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). The first question is from David Feinberg from Goldman Sachs.
David Feinberg: First question is with regard to pricing. You posted 3.5% base price increase in the quarter, but you reiterated guidance of 4%, seems to imply that there is going to be an acceleration of pricing throughout the year. Am I reading that right or now that I refer to comments? Does that have something to do with the special waste that was weighing on the pricing in the quarter?
Jim O'Connor: Obviously, special waste did have some effect on the quarter, but again I think the pricing discipline within Republic Services, the tools that we developed and our discussions, Don had with the field organization, we feel very confident that we'll, at year end, be at that 4% guidance. So, we've got some opportunities, and we're continuing to look at disposal pricing, as we move through the year.
David Feinberg: Just one point of clarification, perhaps I misunderstood. You intend to be at 4% by the fourth quarter or 4% for the full year?
Jim O'Connor: Full year guidance will be achieved at 4%.
David Feinberg: Great and then my follow-up question relates to volumes. Perhaps you can give us some insight in terms of how the monthly trend shaped up by line of business?
Jim O'Connor: Obviously we've seen overall for the business, an 8% decline and we also reported that as guidance, as we went into the first quarter, in our fourth quarter call. We continue to see weakness in the industrial collection business, and the related associated volumes with that at our disposal and transfer facilities. Our commercial small container business has started to see some weakness. We've seen service decreases entering into the marketplace, and we've reacted accordingly in adjusting the productivity and the operations of the business. So, all lines of business are seeing some negativity, but again the lion share of it still resides in our temporary construction businesses, both residential, which we're thinking is bottoming out and we'll see that maybe in the fourth quarter performance, as it relates to volume, but we're still seeing a weakening of the commercial real estate construction market, and in essence, that's starting to have some bleed over into what we would have historically related as our annuity streams in our commercial and residential business. So, while the declines are relatively small in those two lines of business, we are seeing some weakness there.
David Feinberg: But no indication sequentially month-over-month the things were getting better throughout the quarter?
Jim O'Connor: Well, I think sequentially we're seeing about flat. We're not seeing really much change in the environment, as it relates to any of our lines of business.
David Feinberg: Great, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari: Would you comment a little on the volumes that you're pulling out of the divested assets, and how much of that is going to landfills that you have in those existing markets, and how much is committed to stay at those divested site and what your outlook is for your internalization rate?
Jim O'Connor: First of all, the internalization rate is about 69%, and maybe up ever so slightly, but fairly constant. We don't have specific details, and we wouldn't give out specific details on individual assets, or even the group of divested assets, but normally if you look at those assets across the industry, about half the volumes going into disposal site, come in on the company's own vehicles. So, obviously landfills or transfer stations, where we actually are collecting the volumes, that portion would then be diverted to one of our own sites.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you and my follow-up question relates to the cost side. Looks like you guys are doing a pretty good job on the cost side versus expectations. Could you give us a little more color or perspective on how much of the benefit that we're seeing on your cost side is coming from synergies versus you flexing down on costs and I know you got $75 million of synergies as at the end of the quarter, but where are we most likely to see that? Are we most likely to see that in which line item, SG&A, operating expenses? How should we be thinking about that?
Tod Holmes: It's in both. Obviously we have the closure of the Fort Lauderdale our corporate office, so there is a synergy benefit coming out of SG&A there, and Id say that leads the synergy, and then in the field organization. There is some SG&A synergies, but the operating synergies are to some extent dependent upon system conversions. When we look at the actual benefit in the quarter, the dollars that we benefited from within the quarter, it was about $15 million of synergy. So, the impact for synergies in the first quarter is not huge. It's something that's ramping up.
Jim O'Connor: Let me ask Don to give you guys on the call a little bit of color about how well the operations of the business have adjusted to the economic impact to volume. So, Don, you want to give a little color there?
Don Slager: Sure, thanks, Jim. So, keep in mind, as we said, we maintain productivity during the quarter. In fact, in a couple of lines of business we actually improved productivity. So, we measure units per hour, as an example in our front loader or commercial line of business. We've flexed our costs almost exactly against the change in revenues. We've parked hundreds of trucks, as a result of the volume loss. We've unfortunately had to send people home, as a result of that, but our team has been very efficient and very real time in adjusting to those changes. So, in the past, we've actually done a good job, I think, over the last year as the volume is decreased, flexing the commercial or the roll-off side of business, and that's continued. Now we're seeing the lag effect in our commercial line of business. We've flexed that as well and up until now, we've told you that we've had a difficult time changing our cost structure in the disposal line of business, because there is so much fixed cost, but we've seen enough volume dropped in the landfills in the post collection side, that we've actually been able to make some changes there as well. So again, we measure productivity against the tons we take in on an hourly basis, and accordingly, we adjust the number of pieces of equipment we run at the landfill. We reduce personnel staffing levels. We've actually gone to the next level of adjusting hours of operation, where we're opening the gate later, we're closing the gate earlier. In some markets, we are actually closing our landfills on Saturday. So, we have three or four landfills in the marketplace, Detroit would be an example, where we're actually only going to remain one landfill open on the weekend. So again, we're flexing those costs down, as the volume changes, and frankly, as the volume comes back, some of those changes maybe permanent. Those hours of operation changes may become permanent. So, we've become pretty good cost managers process, and if volume comes back, we think we'll get the benefit of that as well as obviously the benefit of the volume coming back at that higher prices, because we've been able to maintain the prices. So again, we've parked hundred of trucks. We've made the staffing level adjustments. Our field is reacted very well to this and again, it shows up the margin. So, we are very proud of productivity volumes.
Jim O'Connor: I mean, the operations of the business have adjusted very well and I think, the strength of this organization, while there will be some job loss due to the volume. The philosophy that the organization has adopted that every one is contributing and looking for operational efficiencies, so that we can save jobs. So, this is really about saving jobs, not eliminating jobs.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Ellis from Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: Wanted to talk a little bit about capital structure, you talked about your debt pay down plans for this year. Wondering, I know in the past youve talked about not really considering a share repurchase opportunities until, I think, net debt to EBITDA got below two times or at least approached two times. Can you update us on your thinking? Have you perhaps revisited the potential for share repurchase programs a little bit in advance of that two times threshold?
Jim O'Connor: Jonathan, I'm going to turn that over and let Ed Lang, our Vice President and Treasurer, respond. Ed?
Ed Lang: Sure. Obviously, the debt reduction plans of the company are really geared on our conversations with the rating agencies and having further improvement in our credit status. Obviously, Republic, premerger had debt to EBITDA coverage of less than two, and what we've stated is, we want to move gradually over time back to the two to one level. I think as we start to approach those type of levels, our Board of Directors will discuss cash flow utilization over time, and obviously I think we would consider reintroducing the share repurchase program. The fact is today our debt to EBITDA is approximately three to one. So, really for the next 12 or 18 months we still have to be focused on that commitment to debt reduction to get the debt to EBITDA back into the low to mid twos before we could initiate those type of conversations. It is something that, Jim does bring the Board through on a regular basis as far as our cash flow utilization strategies and share repurchase is part of that discussion.
Jonathan Ellis: Thanks and just on pricing, can you talk a little bit about any opportunities that you may have recently or plan to over the next few quarters to implement a higher environmental fee and if so, if you can help us maybe quantify what the potential impact of that might be for your core pricing?
Jim O'Connor: We're going to continue to evaluate all the opportunities we have available, and we're continuing to evaluate our environmental fee. Whether or not we yet have a commitment to move forward on an increased environmental fee, I mean those are things we're still analyzing, but again I think in general, we're still on track to achieve our full year guidance of 4% price.
Operator: The next question is from Bill Fisher from Raymond James. Bill Fisher - Raymond James Just on the divestitures, I think you originally targeted about 1.5% of revenue, which I think works out to like 140 million. Just if you think about it, since obviously it starts in Q2, should we just think about it is like 35 to 40 a quarter, or how does that flow out of there?
Jim O'Connor: A lot of it actually flows out here in early Q2.
Don Slager: A lot of the closings were done in early April.
Jim O'Connor: Yes, the first week of April. I mean, I think you can look at some of the press releases from other public companies to see that. So, there will be some that should close throughout the second quarter, and if there is a permit that needs to be transferred a bit, it might go into the beginning of the third quarter, but Id say the lion's share of it is behind us, maybe about two-thirds. Bill Fisher - Raymond James Okay and I guess my point was that $140 million revenue, if that works out to say, 35, 40 a quarter, you will to see that each quarter for the balance of the year?
Jim O'Connor: Right, thats correct. Bill Fisher - Raymond James Okay, and just to follow-up on the free cash flow, Tod, the 550 to 600, you noted earlier, I think it's $70 million or so, the '08 tax payments in '09. So, just to be clear, was that paid in Q1, or is that going to be more of a Q2 event or something?
Tod Holmes: That was paid in Q1. The taxes that $75 million that I spoke to is, we would have expected to have a tax payment in the first quarter of $80 million, but obviously the estimated tax payments that a corporation make, don't necessarily all have to occur in the quarter in which you earn the money. So, we have a slight lag effect for federal taxes associated strictly with 2009 business activity, and that's $75 million from the first quarter that would flow into probably the third quarter. I think its August or July.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Hoffman from WSI.
Michael Hoffman: Hey guys, how are you? Congratulations, terrific numbers.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks.
Michael Hoffman: I guess the focus Id like to, on two sides, free cash flow and then pricing and productivity. One of the messages, I'm clearly hearing through the whole earnings season, and you all seem to repeat it is that, the higher you can drive productivity in good times or bad times, the greater probability you can sustain pricing regardless, and that core focus on productivity is seems to also being embraced by the private sector as well, because you're hearing lots of anecdotes of equipment being parked, maintain high productivity and you'll be more profitable and by the way you can get price. Is that philosophically, what we're hearing from you all as well and you're actually producing results from it and youre also seeing evidence that the market participants are doing the same?
Jim O'Connor: Id say, Michael that the productivity is directly linked to the margins. So, as a result of strong productivity, we're able to maintain good operating margins in our collection business and offset some of the decline from commodities. From a pricing standpoint, I think, it's a slightly different issue. It really goes to the discipline within the company to focus on getting better returns on assets. Now obviously, they're both linked, productivity and price are necessary to get the good margins and the good returns on assets.
Tod Holmes: Michael, I think what we see, like most businesses, when the going gets tough, the tough get going, and our field organization has been able to focus on productivity and because of the volume declines, has really stepped up and really started to uncover every opportunity on the expense side for savings other than jobs. I think, what we learn about our business in these times, and I think most businesses do, that we can always do better. So I mean, we're coming out strong, as Don said, the productivity of the field is delivering on now with the volume reductions and flexing the business back. They're doing extremely well and I think, we're learning that we've got a lot more opportunity out there.
Michael Hoffman: Okay and then on the free cash flow, the guidance unadjusted for the acquisition stuff and February it was 550. Tod, you've alluded to a 550 to 600 without changing the guidance. Tod mentioned that 845 is still a capital spending, but I can't remember whether it was Jim or Don suggested CapEx might come down. So, the $50 million is because of the successes of the cost savings and productivity and synergies, and there could be more if you take capital spending down?
Jim O'Connor: That's correct.
Tod Holmes: Were currently reviewing on capital spending. I guess what we can say is, that it will be less than the 845. We're just right now still trying to finalize our plans there, and we'll give clearer guidance in the second quarter.
Michael Hoffman: The change in that is across all things or mostly disposal because of volumes, less sell development?
Jim O'Connor: No, I think its across all areas of our business. Again as the volumes decline in all lines of business, we're adjusting capital and reviewing capital spends in all those areas.
Don Slager: Again, as Republic practice in the past, we will take a look at all aspects of our guidance, midyear with the Board, and then come back and update that guidance, but right now, it appears as if we're trending at or slightly above our range that we gave.
Tod Holmes: Cash flow guidance.
Don Slager: Right.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Levine from JPMorgan.
Scott Levine: On your pricing, I believe the franchise market resets are calculated based on calendar '08 CPIs. Could you remind us what percentage of your business that would be roughly and what the Delta would be on this year's reset that kicks in toward the middle of the year most markets versus last year's? Is that driving some of your expectation or the thought process that pricing could accelerate throughout the year?
Jim O'Connor: Well, let's start with the component of our revenue base that is index price is about 27%. The CPI currently at the end of March, is going to annualize out in 2009 at about 2%, at least it looks like that today, but when you look at what the impact is during the 2009 term, it's really based on the index that was pegged either in July of 2008 or October of 2008. So, we're going to be looking at price increases from our municipal work, our index price work, in the area of 3% to 4%. So, we don't see much change there and as we go into 2010, again, it's going to peg off of 2% assuming that holds, but while that pricing will put some pressure on delivering price in the area of 3.5% to 4%, we believe there is enough flex in the discretionary revenue to achieve the balance and makeup that balance. So, that should tell you that margin expansion will be much greater in 2010, if costs are declining and prices are still holding in that range of 3.5% to 4%.
Scott Levine: Okay. In addition, turning to synergies, you mentioned before several times that you have a parking lot of opportunities youd look at pursuing, once you make sufficient headway through your formal or more formal synergy targets. Do you have any additional thoughts? You moved up timetable a little bit on the last call for the $150 million by the end of 2010. Any thoughts on how far along you need to go with regard to this process before dipping into that bucket and update us on some ideas on cost saves or synergy opportunities within that parking lot.
Jim O'Connor: On some of these we're executing today in the national accounts arena, as we relocate from Houston to Phoenix. We're seeing additional savings there that we had identified early on that. We didn't think we could get to, in light of the commitment for IT to integrate the overall business, but we are finding some additional times to work on sophisticating the national account process. So, that should help us a little bit, but I think probably as we get into the first quarter of 2010, we'll start to move into the parking lot, because we're ahead of schedule, and on almost all fronts, that we've identified for synergies, and so I'd say the parking lot and start moving cars out of the parking lot, Scott, in the first quarter of 2010.
Operator: The next question is from Corey Greendale from First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: First question, I know you touched on the free cash flow guidance. I know you said, you will update the guidance next quarter, but Ill ask anyway. Historically, just seasonally, Q1 is less than 25% of your full year earnings, and if you just annualize the numbers you've recorded this quarter, it looks like you're running fairly nicely ahead of the guidance for the full year. So, what would have to happen for the rest of the year it would be within the guidance range rather than above?
Tod Holmes: Well, again I think we'd rather wait until the next quarter. First quarter there is always a lot of noise. Typically on the capital spend side, you see the landfill spend being very low in the first quarter, just due to the construction cycle. We've got obviously a benefit from working capital on the receivable side due to the step down in the volumes. Now, that won't reoccur. I think another aspect is just divestitures and that impact on it. The taxes, I mentioned earlier. There is so much noise in the first quarter. While we don't see any downside, I'm reluctant to say, we want to get out of ahead of where we are right now on the current guidance.
Corey Greendale: Sorry, I meant more of the EPS, but would the same answer apply?
Tod Holmes: Yeah. Our divestitures are a factor on the EPS side. In the first quarter, again the headline number was $0. 30, but if you exclude the cost to achieve synergies, and we had a little bit of one line item on costs associated with divestitures of around $4 million. If you exclude all of that, our earnings for the quarter were $0.37, which is run rate earnings, but again there is about $0.03 in that $0.37, which is associated with hurricane Ike and also the divested business.
Corey Greendale: Okay. Second question is on the volumes. Would you attribute 100% of the volume decline to the economy, or do you think there is any share loss either, because you are leading on price or because of local issues around integration or anything like that?
Jim O'Connor: The majority of the loss is uncontrollable losses, okay. They're not controllable losses. So, they're related to the economy and so we continue to look at defection rates and retention rates, and they appear to be consistent what we've seen in past years. We see the market to be relatively stable from a competitive perspective. I guess, what Id say as a follow-up to Tod's points, while we don't give any guidance. We feel really good about this quarter. The fields organization is really outperformed my expectations and Don's expectations. So, we're looking forward to a great year. So, operator with that, I'd like to thank everyone on the call, and in summary, as my last comments, as I just said, I'm very pleased with our first quarter results. We continue to be focused on achieving appropriate returns on capital through improved pricing, maintaining labor productivity through route and disposal optimization, continue to meet and exceed expectations for realized merger synergies, generating higher levels of free cash flow performance and reinvest in our people and our business platform to ensure high quality customer service and safe work environment. So, Id like to remind everyone, that the recording of this call is available through May 5th, by calling 203-369-0653. A recording of this call will be available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. In addition, all of our SEC filings and discussion of business activities are available on the website and again, I would like to thank all of you for spending time with us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic Services is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good morning, Mr. O'Connor.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Charlene and welcome. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor and I'd like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter conference call. In addition to reviewing our fourth quarter and full year performance, we will also discuss our guidance for 2009. Don Slager, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter and year-end performance. I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from our actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 27, 2009. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated, any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to start this call with a review of our integration process and tell you how the merger is progressing, before Don reviews operating performance and Tod discusses financial results. We're confident in our guidance of achieving $150 million of annual run-rate synergies by the end of 2010. We expect to be on a run-rate of $100 million by the end of 2009. The cost to achieve these synergies are anticipated to be approximately $135 million in 2009 and $55 million in 2010. Our Board of Directors had established a committee to oversee the company's progress towards integration. The Board has engaged Deloitte to track and validate synergies as they are reported. As of March 31st, we expect a run-rate synergies achieved to be approximately $70 million. These savings are being achieved through the restructuring of the corporate and field organization, disposal optimization and efficiencies gained through rerouting and consolidation of divisions. Let me provide you some detail on the integration process. As I explained on our last call we've invested more than 35,000 man hours in planning and integration processes to ensure a smooth day one start-up and integration. Back in December, we completed the organizational design and filled a number of leadership positions at the corporate, regional and area levels. During the first quarter, we continue to execute our integration plan and expect to be finished with staffing the remaining management positions within 60 days. Our greatest focus is a systems integration in overlap markets, route density and disposable optimization will generate significant benefits. By merging the overlap markets under a single building and operating system, we'll be able to rollout our decision support tools for vehicle routing and disposable optimization. The system integration process for overlap markets is divided into multiple phases. Phase I, which includes Denver, Lubbock, Charlotte and Greenville, is complete and the integration teams have moved to the next phase, which includes six markets. We expect to complete all systems integration in overlap markets by the end of the third quarter. The overlap markets represent approximately 30% of our total revenue. The financial benefits we realized during integration will assist our financial performance in this weakened economic environment. The synergies realized will be on an ongoing benefit, will deliver ongoing benefit to the company. As you know, we announced an agreement with Waste Connections on February 9th, to divest a group of assets in seven markets that have approximately $110 million in annual revenue. We are working with Waste Connections to close this portion of the divestiture process and expect to receive all sales proceeds before the end of the second quarter. Our agreement with Waste Connections represents more than two-thirds of the business that will be sold. All after tax divestiture proceeds will be used to reduce debt. On December 20, 2009 we signed an agreement to sell assets in the Atlanta marketplace through advanced disposal. This transaction includes 13 commercial routes to transfer sessions. This transaction is also expected to close in the second quarter of 2009. We continue to make progress on all remaining divested assets, after a thorough screening process, we're negotiating with multiple potential buyers in each of these markets and expect to sign agreements and close before the end of the second quarter. Now, let me briefly comment on the results of the fourth quarter and the full year. Earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $0.41, and a $1.73 for the full year before the impact of merger related costs, remediation expenses, and other one-time costs, as detailed in the company's 8-K GAAP EPS in the fourth quarter was a loss of $0.55. Full year GAAP EPS was $0.37. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $123 million, free cash flow was $136 million for the fourth quarter, and $352 million for the full year before merger related items and legacy Allied tax payments. During the quarter Republic paid an increased dividend of $0.19 a share which was an increase of 12% over the prior year. We secured significant increases in our surety bond capacity which will lower our financial assurance costs. And we brought online two significant new landfill gas-to-energy projects recently in Pennsylvania and Georgia. Additionally, we have a pipeline of 18 energy projects that are expected to come online over the next two years. This will bring our total number of landfill projects to more than 80 in operation, and will generate enough energy to power 480,000 homes annually. At this time, I would like to ask Don to comment on our operating performance and discuss actions that we are taking to adjust for economic environment that we're in today.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks Jim. Our consolidated operating performance for the fourth quarter of 2008 consists of three months of Republic and one month of Allied. However, in my comments we'll look at our operating performance as if the two companies were combined for the entire fourth quarter. Tod will speak to report internal growth, but on a pro forma combined basis fourth quarter core price was strong at 4.1%, and fuel fees were 1.7%. Our landfill price improved in the fourth quarter was approximately 4%. We continue to succeed in maintaining our price strategy to achieve an appropriate return on capital. On a pro forma combined basis, the revenue impact from commodities was negative 1.8%, average price per ton of commodities decreased approximately 43% from Q4, 2007. On a pro forma combined basis fourth quarter volume loss was negative at 6.8%. If we exclude the positive volumes from Hurricane Ike, fourth quarter volumes were down 7.8% which reflects the challenging economic environment. The greatest impact of volume loss was in a temporary roll-off in landfill lines of business. Additionally, we saw decline in volumes from the third quarter 2008 to the fourth quarter 2008 in the commercial collection and permanent roll-off businesses. These volume declines are a result of the weak economy and are not a result of loss of market share. Although, we can not control the volumes that are lost as a result of a weakened economy, we're fully engaged in reducing cost to maintain our margins. On a pro forma combined basis, and excluding the unusual cost for quarter during the fourth quarter, EBITDA margins were approximately 28%. This strong operating performance in a weak economic environment, demonstrates the quality of our field organization and our financial discipline. Our Operations Controller, Jerry Clarke and I are actively engaged with our region and market area teams to ensure, we're adjusting our business plans on a real time basis to account for the current operating environment. Our region and local management teams are aggressively managing productivity, staffing levels and capital expenditures, while maintaining a strong focus on business fundamentals, such as safety, customer service delivery, pricing and maintenance excellence. As Jim said, the integration is on track. Keep in mind it's been less than 90 days since the merger closed. We have already reorganized our region area and business unit management structure, completed the system conversions in four of the 17 overlap markets. And as it relates to disposal optimization, we have redirected 5,000 tons per date to more cost effective landfills. Our internalization rate at the end of the year was approximately 68%. As we worked through integration of our operations and disposal optimization, we expect to see further improvement. Regarding route consolidations, in the four overlap markets where conversions have taken place, we have nearly completed two reroute projects and the other two are underway. And finally, we are working to identify further procurement savings by leveraging our scale. As we work through the integration process, we continue to learn from established best practices of both companies and see additional opportunity as a result. We are truly building on our combined strengths. I am confident that through these strengths that is, our team, our assets, our systems and our plan, we will take full advantage of the synergy potential of this merger. We will scale our business accordingly to meet the opportunities that exist in the market and adjust to the condition of the economy while continually generating appropriate returns and producing high levels of cash flow. As I traveled around the country participating in regional operating reviews and visiting numerous divisions, I can tell you that our people are energized about the benefits of this merger. They are complimentary about the smoothness of the transition and very optimistic about the future of our company. We are pleased with the teams we have assembled, and we are proud of what they are accomplishing in the business. And we thank all of them, all of our dedicated people for their hard work and commitment. Now, I will turn the call over to Tod, to review our financial performance.
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you, Don. First, there is a lot of accounting noise here and I want to remind everybody that the key premise for this merger was and continues to be cash and the generation of cash flows. We will have every year a $150 million of cash synergies upon full integration of both businesses which will occur by the end of 2010. Let me turn now to the 2008 fourth quarter results, and remind everyone that the 2008 financial results include about one month of post merger Allied results. And therefore, financial comparisons to prior years are not particularly meaningful. There are two months of Allied results that do not get reported since their last SEC filing was the September 30th Q, and then our financial results only one month of their numbers are included. So we do have some pro forma financial information which Don provided to you. Let me talk now to fourth quarter 2008 revenue. As we reported revenue rose 56.3% to $1.24 billion from $796 million last year. This increase of $448 million consisted primarily of $462 million or 58% from the merger with Allied. Again approximately, one month of revenue and a decline of about $14 million or about 1.7% for standalone Republic revenues. For Q4, we are reporting the addition of Allied revenues as acquisition growth. Accordingly, the following components of internal growth, relate only to the Republic standalone business. Republic standalone core price growth is 4.1%. Republic standalone fee increase is 1.8%. Republic standalone commodity price declines was negative 1.3%, for a total price for 4.6%. Now, Republic standalone volumes are down about 6.6%, actually as we moved through the quarter they continue to decline into the latter part of the third quarter. In addition, we had about three tenths of 1% for tax fees that were added on to the top-line. For the Republic standalone business we continue to see core price improvements in all lines of business led by commercial, residential businesses. Core landfill price remained strong at 3.6% for the fourth quarter, which improved about 20 basis points from 3.4%, which we experienced in the third quarter. For Republic standalone business commodity prices were down approximately 45% to an average $83 per ton this compares to about $150 a ton in the prior year. For your information current prices are up in the approximately $63 for ton range. Also for your reference to give you some sort of go forward idea with the magnitude of commodities, if we'd merged on October 1, 2008, our fourth quarter commodity volumes would have been above 430,000 tons. With respect to volume declines for Republic standalone business during the quarter, residential volumes were essentially flat with the prior year and commercial volumes experienced low single-digit declines. Volume loss as you can imagine was most significant in the roll-off and landfill lines of the business which experienced low teen year-over-year volume declines, both of which are a reflection of the weak economy. And again the volume loss accelerated within the fourth quarter as we continue to see sequential months of declining volumes. We also see this in the first quarter of 2009. For your reference Allied's business when we examined it, it experienced similar price and volume impacts as Allied standalone operation, so certainly a very much a positive on the pricing side and the volume side as a function of the economy. Now, let me turn to the fourth quarter year-over-year operating margins. As a reminder, again fourth quarter includes only one month about December approximately for Allied. And since December margins tend to be lower than other months within the quarter, year-over-year margin comparisons are not particularly meaningful. There are a number of unusual costs and charges recorded during the fourth quarter. If we excluded these fourth quarter one-time items, our fourth quarter adjusted operating margin is 17.5% compared to 17.6% in the prior year and that's in light of obviously a much weaker commodity pricing environment. The more significant items impacting the negative 10 basis points of change in the adjusted operating margins include the impact from net fuel, which was a positive 215 basis points. The impact from net commodity, which was a negative 85 basis points, DD&A, which was a negative 60 basis points, accretion which was a negative 30 basis points, SG&A a negative 50 basis points and then some of that was a negative 10 basis points. Now, I'll briefly comment on each of these components in the fourth quarter. First, net fuel, the year-over-year increase from fuel recovery fees added approximately a 110 basis points to operating margins. Additionally, our average fuel cost decreased resulting in a 105 basis points improvement in operating margins. Wholesale price per gallon decreased from $3.11 in the fourth quarter of 2007 to $2.78 in the fourth quarter of 2008 or approximately 11.9%. More significantly, current fuel prices are now approximately $2.08 a gallon. Second, the net commodity impact; commodity revenues decreased approximately 130 basis points compared to the prior year. This was the price decline which was partially offset by amounts rebated to customers for volumes delivered to our material recycling facilities. The overall impact of operating margins from commodities was a negative 85 basis points. Third, DD&A; the 60 basis points decline in margins, primarily relates to a favorable adjustment that Republic recorded in its capping and closure, and post closure liabilities in the prior year. As you may recall Republic's practice was in the fourth quarter every year to make that adjustment for 143. This adjustment did not repeat in 2008. Next is accretion, the 30 basis point decline primarily relates to the increase in the credit adjusted discount rate used for capping closure and post closure liabilities, this resulted from the valuation of Allied's liabilities which were completed in connection with the merger. Finally, SG&A. SG&A as reported was 14.7% of revenue in the fourth quarter excluding restructuring and integration costs and costs associated with conforming Allied's bad debt expense to Republic's accounting policy and settlement charges associated with various legal matters, SG&A as a percentage of the revenue for the fourth quarter was 10.9%. Our expectation is that 2009 SG&A will be approximately 10% of revenue excluding the one-time merger related costs to be incurred in 2009. Reported operating margins is actually a negative 9% and again this includes $316 million of unusual fourth quarter one-time costs and also $14 million of insurance charges which I'll talk about in a minute. These unusual costs again relate primarily to environmental charges, asset impairments and restructuring costs and they are summarized in detail in our 10-K. If these items were excluded again the margins in the fourth quarter would have been 17.5% fairly similar to the prior year. Now, let me talk briefly about insurance. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we have an additional $14 million of insurance expense this was a result of an actuarial review of Republic's insurance reserves that was completed in connection with the merger. And it was a function of the company changing actuaries. We have a new actuary to handle the larger combined business which we will be using on a quarterly basis going forward. Now, let me talk about our non-cash interest expense. This is a significant item as we move forward. The company recorded non-cash interest expense of $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, all of which was recorded in December and directly results from the merger. The non-cash expense arises from amortization on Allied debt that was recorded at a significant discount. The credit markets at the date of the merger were really illiquid. Hence despite, an upgrade to the investment grade rating of Allied's debt, they traded at a significant discount at the time of merger. Now, we expect in 2009 non-cash interest expense to be approximately $137 million. Next, let me talk about free cash flow. And again this is free cash flow for Republic as reported. The free cash flow as reported includes, approximately one month of Allied activity. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter 2008, was negative approximately 82 million. This is based upon cash provided by operating activities of 38 million, plus purchases of property and equipment of approximately 123 million, plus the proceeds from the sale of equipment of about 2 million. Again that's the free cash flow of a negative 82 million. Free cash flow for the 12 months ended December 31, 2008 was $133 million. This is based upon cash provided by operating activities of $512 million, plus purchases of property and equipment of $387 million, plus proceeds from the sale of equipment of $8.2 million. And again, that's the $133 million. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we made $130 million tax payments associated with the legacy Allied tax issues, and we also paid $88 million of transaction related costs. Excluding these payments free cash flow for the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2008 would have been $136 million and $352 million respectively. Excluding merger related cash distributions, our 2008 free cash flow of $352 million compares favorably to our original 2008 guidance of $340 to $350 million especially when you consider the lower commodity prices and the deteriorating economic conditions in the latter part of 2008. Now, let me talk briefly about accounting policies. Republic is acquirer for accounting purposes in the December merger with Allied. Therefore, we were required to merge two different sets of accounting conventions into one. We were also required to revalue for accounting purposes all of Allied's assets, intangible assets and debt. While, cash flows are not significantly impacted by the merger and all of this accounting noise. Our accounting EPS, is and will be significantly lower due to many factors. We expect these accounting charges or changes rather to lower 2009 EPS by about $0.40, and this is all detailed in the recent 8-K filing. Key components of these changes are, first of all depreciation, depletion and amortization, non-cash $0.17. We recorded over $500 million of intangible assets associated with customer relationships, franchise agreements and municipal contracts. These assets are amortized to expense over the next three to 10 years. Additionally, the fair value assigned to landfills was an increase over the prior net book values. These amounts therefore will be amortized over the remaining lives of the landfill as we consume the airspace. Also, secondly, the amortization of discounted Allied debt and accretion of liabilities is $0.18. Third, conforming accounting policies and taxes particularly, the asset lives and fixed asset capitalization policies cost about $0.05. Again all of these taken together are strictly accounting noise, it's not cash. Finally, we expect the average tax rate to be 44% in 2009. Now historically, DD&A has run for both companies probably about 10% of revenues. Due to these non-cash accounting changes we would expect DD&A for the combined company now to increase by approximately 150 basis points in 2009, and run at a rate of a little more than 11.5%. Let me talk a little bit about our normalized 2009 EPS, our normalized EPS for 2009 is expected to be a $1.70 to $1.75 and I just explained the $0.40 of merger related accounting changes that I just noted above, in addition to that we have $0.20 of 2009 expected non-recurring cost to integrate the company's various information systems and business units. So there is a total of $0.60 to that. Our balance sheet remains very strong at December 31st, Republic's account receivable balance was $946 million and day sales outstanding was 40. Our net debt excluding discounts is $7.5 billion at December 31, 2008, and we had approximately $400 million of excess credit capacity available under our bank facility. Republic has maintained its investment grade rating and does not have any significant maturities due in 2009. The $99 million that comes due in May will be paid out of free cash flow. Furthermore, we expect cash taxes to be approximately 90% of the income tax expense in 2009. Now, additionally we're going to pay about $70 million of 2008 taxes. Actually, we paid them in January. We were able to hold our payments as a result of the merger. So that was a cash out in January. At December 31st, we had $378.5 million shares outstanding. Currently, we have about 18.7 million options outstanding of which 14.8 million are exercisable. We will file our 10-K on Monday. I'd be remised, if I didn't thank a number of people, particularly our controllers and our field management, also the financial and accounting team here in Phoenix. This team was led by Chuck Serianni, our Chief Accounting Officer, Brian Dobbaccio, Julie Hogedson Jennifer Swanson, Kasandra Rossi and Mark Mahoney. These folks have been working seven days a week, since the time of the merger to combine two different budgets, to go through all of this purchase accounting noise, set-up an opening balance sheet as of December 5th, closeout the year-end and put together our final budget for 2009. Again, they came together from two companies but they are operating now as one team. So I would like to thank all of those who as a result we're able to meet these SEC deadlines. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you. Tod. I'd echo those comments about the financial staff of Republic Services and to the operational staff under Don. We've done a tremendous amount of work here in the last three or four months and planning for the integration, and then once the merger was closed in early December, starting to executing against that plan as well as putting the two companies together financially and then putting the '09 plan together. So again Tod your staffs and Don yours in the field are to be commended on the hard work that they put forward to put this business plan together and to which we're now are going to our guidance for 2009. 2009 assumes there will be no recovery in the economic environment. Our revenue is expected to decline approximately 10% with a 4% increase from core price, a volume decline of 8%. Our commodities will be down 2%. Fuel fees is down 2.5%, divestitures are expected to reduce revenues by 1.5%. Free cash flow from operations and before divestitures and accrued capital spending is expected to be $550 million or $650 million excluding merger related payments. Net capital expenditures are expected to be $845 million; this level of spending has been adjusted for the economic environment. With our strong capital structure and excess free cash flow, our business operations provide ongoing liquidity and we have no need to look to the debt capital markets for the next two years. EBITDA margins are expected to be approximately 28%, or approximately 29.5% before cost related to integrating our businesses. This is an improvement of 150 basis points when compared to full year. Adjusted 2008 EBITDA performance, excluding the integration impact, operating margins will be in a range of 17.5% to 18%. Earnings per share before merger and purchase accounting related expenses is expected to be $1.70 to $1.75 in 2009. As Tod noted, merger related costs will represent $0.20 of earnings per share and purchase accounting related costs will represent $0.40 earnings per share. As you know, our practice is to provide financial guidance based on current conditions and update these expectations on second quarter earnings call in July. That will be the practice that we will follow in 2009. So with that, operator I'd like now to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Scott Levine of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Scott Levine: Good morning, guys.
James O'Connor: Good morning, Scott.
Tod Holmes: Hi, Scott.
Scott Levine: You mentioned that you have to wait in place to kind of attract the achievement of synergies versus your targets, how would you guide investors to kind of think about how you guys are hitting your boogies there and tying in with that the idea that may be you guys will be ratcheting down your work force reflecting the work force down giving you the step drop-off in the economic environment beginning in Q4?
James O'Connor: I think Scott going forward we will be able to separate out the synergies versus the adjustments that Don will be making in the field organizations, we'll make in a corporate related to the economy. As we move forward, I think what these synergies fall into three buckets predominantly and that's going to be the restructuring of corporate and the field organization. And that will represent the lion's share of the majority of $150 million. Actually, the plan that we're executing against is upwards to $170 million of synergies. So the way it will break out going into '09 or at the end of '09, we'll be on a run-rate going into '10 of a $100 million and about $50 million to $60 million will from reorganization and head count, transportation and disposal, which is disposal optimization, which will be another roughly $15 million to $20 million, route consolidations will also occur in the latter part of the year. Once we have the overlap markets on our systems, will represent about $5 million to $8 million, then with that procurement financing which relates to some surety and other financing that Ed Lang can talk about and then some facility consolidation. So that will comprise the $100 million. As I said we're already at the end of and online through the end of March, to have a $70 million run-rate going into '09. So significantly well into that, and again the lion's share is coming from again, the restructuring of the corporate office and the field organization. And we feel really good about this. And I think if you would talk to the Board today, they feel very good about it and Deloitte has made those same representations as they've accounted for the number of these along but our internal staff.
Scott Levine: And can you guys provide me a quantified synergy updates quarter-to-quarter going forward or is there are not delayed expectation there?
James O'Connor: Well, we will be quarterly reporting on our progress.
Scott Levine: Got it. One additional one if I may, the volume guidance may be a little bit below we had anticipated but the core pricing that you guided to a little bit above what we were looking for. Could you talk about what gives you the level of confidence regarding the sustainability of pricing with the economy dropping off the way it is and also what the implications of this merger and more consolidated industry might be for this sustainability of pricing into a pretty rough economic environment?
James O'Connor: Scott, we always said pricing is a discipline and I think we have it in Republic Services and I think Allied was practicing it. But I think the real headline here is when you continue to look at disposal pricing in the business you are seeing disposal pricing move anywhere from 3.5% to in excess of 4%. This is going to continue to sustain pricing in the marketplace. And again we feel very good about our guidance in '09 and we feel that we'll be able to retain the guidance that we given of 4% price.
Tod Holmes: If I could add on, on the trend basis to the... it's sequentially Q3 to Q4, we saw pricing move directionally right all lines of business and price per unit from Q3 to Q4 continue to move up. Our Q4 price is directly in line with the 4% that we're giving you guidance on in 2009. And also prices to customers are going to come down a little bit, because the overall reduction in the fuel recovery is weak. And so, the price of the customers will see a slight reduction because fuel is up I think in our 2009 guidance that we've given you projects fuel being kind of consistent what we're seeing here a change, what we saw a change over there.
James O'Connor: Yeah, I guess one other thing I will just add to the Tod's comment. We've got a lot of accounting noise here related to the merger. And again the focus here should be on cash. And I think when you look at EBITDA margins, our cash flow guidance, our cash flow performance in 2008 those were all I think depicting a very strong business plan and a management team that can execute against the plan. So while the economy is weak we believe that we are adjusting the business accordingly and I think the guidance reflects it. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman from WSI. Your line is open.
James O'Connor: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, good morning. I'll pick up on your theme Jim, so free cash flow these are approximate old RSG you were steadily doing $0.10 to $0.11 on every dollar of revenue in free cash, new RSG that's less, how do we get back to, how do we and when do we get back to that 10 to 11%? And can you do better you told the combining, Tod talking up to Scott's statement this is about cash?
James O'Connor: Sure, there is a pretty direct simple answer to that. The cash flow guidance that I gave you for 2009 has about $70 million of taxes that we paid in 2009 that relates to 2008. So that's a big step up and then of course the other thing is just the business condition with the commodity impact, that's price and that's about $80 million. So I think to look at 2008 to 2009, and the fact that if you adjusted for the timing difference on these tax payments, it's about comparable for one year to the next. The 650 plus 70 is probably about 720 and if you looked at, probably the original guidance that both companies started out with a year ago it was in that same range. So we think that's pretty good and what is a very tough economic environment and how we're achieving it, well, as Don says we're focused on productivity and scaling the business. We are looking at the capital spend to make sure that we are right sizing the capital spend for the business. We've always said that this was a business that when it slows down, the cash flow still hold up because it is scalable.
Tod Holmes: Remember, we also have a contributions coming from the volumes coming back. We are, just.on the commodity side, we are seeing a 10% volume negative year-over-year and we saw the volume slide in the latter half of '08. So I'd say we've got as we said in the notes, we are not losing market share, the economy is depressed and we are seeing the same impact on all of our competitors that is, we see going and come into our landfills. So we're seeing price pretty continued increase, we're seeing volume drop, as the volume returns, we wholly expect we'll get our fair share of that volume back and we'll get all the contribution and cash that comes with that.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. I have to pick a second question, when there is kind of probably a thousand that need to be asked. I guess what's the starting revenue number for, because you've given all these percentage change numbers, but we need some starting numbers, January 1, what are starting numbers, revenues starting?
James O'Connor: I think what you do is you looked at the third quarter, Allied's 10-Q and the third quarter Republic 10-Q. And in the fourth quarter, we on a combined basis we probably had about 4% price and we probably had something like probably between 6% or may be close to 7% volume declines, may be a little less than 7% volume declines in the fourth quarter. So I think you use those two as the math to build your baseline for January 1st. I think Michael, as in the past you can contact Ed Lang and I can assure you he can assist in helping you build your models but again the story here is about the cash and I think you need to look at the cash and for all the listeners on the call it's really about the free cash generation and that's there is a lot of moving pieces and it's not unlike any other merger that would occur. We have got a lot of moving pieces here that relates to non-cash items. So I think the focus here is on cash, that's the story line of the business it's historically been MO of Republic Services to deliver it. And I think even in these economic times the '09 forecast recognize fairly strong and sustainable free cash flows and a pricing environment that remains stable and a good outlook for it. So operator next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Ellis from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jonathan Ellis: Thanks. And good morning, guys.
James O'Connor: Hi, good morning, Jon.
Jonathan Ellis: Just wanted to first talk on the results for the fourth quarter, you talked about volumes in the residential and commercial collections line being flat to modestly down, you have rental volumes down low double digits, and given that, my understanding is that a large portion of the Waste streams that are coming you're your landfills would be considered MSW and theoretically should show similar volumes trajectory to what you're seeing on the residential and commercial collection lines, I'm wondering if you kind of help reconcile the dramatic decline in volume, the landfill vis--vis the volume trend on the collection side of the business?
James O'Connor: I'll let Don chime in here Jonathan. I think a lot of what we're seeing, while we're seeing relatively slight declines in our small container business, commercial business, and continued decline in our industrial roll-off. When you look at the weight per unit, we're starting to see a decline. So when you look at weights per container yard, we're starting to see anywhere from 3 to 5% decreases that have not necessarily reflected, then totally reflected in frequencies of service to customers. But we've seen disposal decline on a unit basis. So that's kind of giving rise to our competitors, we're just sure they're seeing the same thing, which is contributing to the landfill volumes being declining faster. And what appears today are small commercial collection business. So with that, Don I don't know if you have anything you want to add to that. But, I think that's a lot other.
Donald Slager: Yeah overall, again as I said in my comments, the roll-off industrial and temporary roll-off system took another big decline in Q4, down double digits in the fourth quarter. And as Jim said, we're starting to see declines in the commercial residential business. Jim said we track pounds per yard, pounds per home in our collection system. And we see just how much thrash our customers are throwing away. So we're starting to see those containers lighten enough, we are beginning to see some service decreases occur out there. And again that that ties with our guidance to 10% volume loss, 10% year-over-year volume change for the company in '09. So we are managing those service decreases very well, we are managing cost out of the middle in our business to deal with those volume declines. But again like I said it's not a competitive market share loss, it's just strictly economy for all that we can see.
James O'Connor: Yeah, Jonathan I think what we are seeing C&D then predominately industrial collection of volumes in our landfills down about 9% and we are seeing special waste also down 9% fourth quarter '07 to fourth quarter '08. So again we've seen significant drop-offs in those particular areas, special waste in particular discretionary spend by business out there and in these times those particular volumes tend to dry up, they are not our regulatory driven. So again we are starting to see some of those impacts. Obviously, this economy is a lot different than the economy we experienced in 2001. We are seeing it move into our commercial collection business and in other discretionary spends that some of our customers add such as special waste. I will tell you that Don and our staff in the field have done an extraordinary job in light of kind of go through this merger and adjusting the work force. And the assets used in the business to produce the results that we are seeing and produce the guidance that we're going to be executing against in '09.
Jonathan Ellis: Great. That's right I appreciate the color there. My second question I'll try to make two parts out of it since you're limited is on synergies, the first part is of the 100 million run-rate for 2009, how much of that is a function of just simply closing the headquarters of Republic, really more the SG&A type savings as opposed to the cost of operation savings? And then the second part of the question is, how much of your synergy targets been impacted by the volume weakness that seems to have really intensified since you originally like your synergy targets during 2008?
Tod Holmes: Hi, this is Tod I'll take the first part and then may be Don can take the second part on the change in the economy impact on synergies. The closure of the Florida location, probably gave us about $60 million of benefit of the $100 million run-rate there. Again, we've got a lease  that continues on for some period of time into 2010. And we've also got a number of people occupying space there that are involved in systems merger related activities. So while the cost that was higher than that, we expect about $60 million run-rate benefit from that this year.
Donald Slager: And the second half of that, the synergy that relates to volume is the savings by which we move waste from one facility to another. So transportation disposal savings related to now the new larger network of landfills to transfer stations that the company has at it's disposal, we're going to create, we're going to move about 20,000 tons around to more cost effective sites. So I think that was worth about $22 million in original synergy goal, volumes are off by 10% when we put those goals together, now that synergy goal could be impacted by 2 to $2.5 million. Now by the same token, as I said in my comments, as we're going through these the actual integration process and actually working as one company now we are seeing other opportunities in it's synergy columns as well. So we've got some puts and takes in this but overall we feel very comfortable that we're able to meet the 150 and frankly out perform it.
Tod Holmes: And remember what Jim said earlier, and we knew this last summer as we started to put together the integration plan that there would be some gives and takes. We've got a detailed plan right now that if you went by location, by cost category, by activity it's approximately a $170 million so we feel very, very comfortable with the 150.
James O'Connor: Okay, operator next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Fisher from Raymond James. Your line is open.
William Fisher: Yeah, good morning.
James O'Connor: Good morning, Bill. How are you?
Donald Slager: Hi, Bill.
William Fisher: Okay. Yeah first, just on following up on the may be the landfill pricing obviously mentioned the special waste and C&D down 9% I think you said that therefore landfill pricing was up 3.6 to 4 can you give some color on the core recurring MSW pricing, is that higher or just kind of how you look at that basket?
Donald Slager: Yeah, MSW pricing is about the same, I mean there's as you can appreciate they are mix issues always in the business from a very high revenue East Coast side to a very low revenue per unit that's called Midwest or Midsouth site. So as all volumes move around it impacts your overall price per unit but price per unit in the MSW line is up all in the Q3 to Q4 sequentially and if you consider some of the anomalies that exist in the business. So we are confident again we are very focused on landfill pricing we continue to talk about over the years the capital intensive nature of the landfill, the fact that impacted the hard they are hard to replacing, to duplicate and we understand the return on invested capital in our business and so we're going to continue to move landfill pricing as we need to, to get those appropriate returns and we're very well poised to do that.
Tod Holmes: And you know Don, one thing to add on that is a number of the analysts, I think over the years have looked at Republic and Allied, the companies has different price volume calculations. With this merger, we are adopting the Allied methodology of calculating pricing volume. So that should give a little bit more clarity within the industry.
William Fisher: Okay, thanks. And a second question just on the cost side, kind of ex synergies, can you just touch on some examples of how you flex down cost like labor hours or sub-contractor hauling, when the volumes are down to 8%, just how that works?
Donald Slager: Sure, absolutely we have very good operating metrics in the business, very good handle on productivity across each system in every division of the company. So we will get at this pace and productivity of when we see volumes fall off quickly according to sort of seasonality, the immediate thing that we do is we adjust hours, we just work hours in our drivers, in our operators. We began to do that even last year as the economy started to impact our volumes. We did things like adjust gate hours at landfills, opening half an hour later, closing half an hour earlier. But now that volumes have dropped off more dramatically. Now you can begin to actually park equipment, park trucks. So very simply in a marketplace where we have seven less roll-off hauls a day, and we average seven hauls per truck per day. We need to park the truck. We first cut back our driver hours and overtime we've got to actually park trucks along the fence. We've got to reduce our staffing levels. So we track those productivity metrics in the landfills, but with this kind of landfill volume loss, now we've got enough loss in there that we can actually park a piece of equipment. We've got very strong metrics about how many tons per hour, one bulldozer, one contractor can push, and how many people it takes to move that amount of volume. So our operating team working with the regions and their operating teams, setting goals for reduction in force of individuals at various divisions, because of the volume related. And we know we see as you can see in our guidance, that the volume is kind of a sustained issue. This is not a one month February, one month January issue, we think its year long as Jim said, we don't see the economy returning in '09. And so we're making now more and more I'd say, permanent adjustments to the work force for the new volume. Those are tracked and completely separately from the synergies. The synergies are resulting from the redesign of the organization. We've got really good clarity about what is synergy and what is volume reduction because again we track this launch pretty tightly on a provision and side by side basis. Is that helpful?
James O'Connor: Bill wanted... just a follow-up to Don's I mean in a good economy productivity it gets somewhat skewed on a basis that you've got a lot of organic growth. When you really find out who your A team is when you are in an economy like we're in today. And I can tell you that the field organization, I have travel with Don in particular into the southern region, hours have been addressed we are now parking trucks as Don mentioned. But I think in further conversations that I have had with Don and in the eastern region in particular we are looking at other things because of the depth of this economy and where it's heading I mean things that we're looking at right now and now whether we do these or not I mean just to give you an idea of the things that we're analyzing is we are looking at the landfill landscape and determining whether or not we need to slowdown either receipts of some of these sites or in fact actually moth ball some of these sites for a period of time until volumes come back because of the proximity of some of our other landfill. So there is a lot of disposal optimization. The things that we're looking at and opportunities, and I think we'll be seizing a number of those over the next several months. One more question operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Corey Greendale of First Analysis. Your line is open.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good morning.
James O'Connor: Hi, Corey, good morning, Corey.
Corey Greendale: So the first question. Actually I have a couple of questions on the cash flow. The first is, on the CapEx do you happen to have a combined number for '08 for the two companies, and relative to that number where are that savings, where are you spending less in '09 and how much is of the savings is economic versus how much is more permanent because of the acquisition opportunities?
Tod Holmes: Yeah, the '09 if you took the '09 on kind of pro forma basis it be 943 million. Now, the 845 of guidance that we gave for '09 that was '08, 943, the 845 for '09 I think there is probably about $27 million of merger related capital in there. So if you excluded that would probably be around 820 or so. And I would say that for the most part a lot of this capital is the economy going from say the 940 to 820.
Donald Slager: Yeah, if you look at those numbers it's pretty consistent what we've really said that CapEx is going to be about 10% of revenue. So I don't think that lines are pretty well. We rephrase this we're not buying roll-off trucks in 2009 as you can appreciate with the roll-off trucks being parked because the economy is down in our line of business has impacted pretty greatly. We've re-ramped our models at our landfills as far as site developments. We've got some as Jim said, moth balling consideration that's going to impact our capital spending but with landfill development and so on.
James O'Connor: Another point is our fleet age. We've looked at the fleet age on a combined basis. And with this $845 million goal fleet age is approximately seven years. So we feel good with the assets that we've got. Obviously, Republic had a pretty good fleet age. And over the past couple of years Allied has done a good job of putting substantial build blocks on road.
Corey Greendale: And my second question is just about kind of look at the progression through the year, since you've got a couple two-thirds of Q1 in books of Allied. I am assuming with the 8% volume decline that it's going to get better with each of your comps, as the year goes on so that may be you are seeing a more pronounced line decline 10% or something like that, now is that fair?
Tod Holmes: I think, again our guidance is the way it will, it always has been, we don't assume a second half recovery. So I'll say it's actually thoroughly flat.
James O'Connor: Thank you, operator. At this time I will wrap up the call with a special thanks to all of our employees for their dedication and commitment to customer service. I'd specially like to thank Bill Haven, the Head of our IT department and his team who have been working on system conversions round the clock. Special thanks to all clients; Paul Novotny and Bridget Ryder, Karl Marks and their teams for their dedication over the past several months. And finally, a special thanks to Doug Brow and his team for their leadership and guidance of our integration teams. I will end our call today by reminding everybody that a recording of this call is available through March 2nd by calling area code 203-369-2017. A recording of this call is available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And again thank you all for spending time with us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Republic Services conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter Conference Call for Investors of Republic Services. Republic is traded in the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic's Chairman and CEO, Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. I will provide you with specific instructions for questions later in the call. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good morning, sir.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, and good morning to all of you and thank you all for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor and I'd like to welcome everyone to Republic Services third quarter conference call. Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our third quarter performance. I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we will discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties, and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the materials that we discuss with you today is time-sensitive. In the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 31, 2008. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated, any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. On today's call I will review with you our views on the pending merger with Allied Waste Industries. But first I want to review the third quarter results where we continue to see margin improvement. Republic had revenue growth of 3.4% to $834 million. We achieved internal growth of 4.2% with 7.3% of price improvement and volume decline of 3.1%. Our third quarter volume decline was affected by the slow down in construction activity. C&D volumes in our temporary roll-off business and third party C&D volumes at our transfer stations and landfills continue to be weak. Price growth continues to be strong. Core pricing is up 3.8%. Pricing improvement is most important factor in covering rising costs and improving return on invested capital. Within our landfill business, our core price was also up approximately 3.4% in the quarter. Pricing for MSW landfill volumes was up 4.2%. The landfill business is very capital intense and requires continued focus on pricing in order to achieve appropriate risk adjusted returns. And we again continue to utilize our return on investment pricing and all renewals of franchise and municipal contracts. The biggest impact on our volume growth was in our temporary roll-off business which decreased approximately 15%. This decrease is due primarily to weak residential construction volumes and is similar to the trend we have experienced during the past three quarters. Additionally, construction related landfill volumes are down 19%. Despite the net volume reductions, temporary roll-off pricing has remained stable. We've continued to adjust our workforce and our capital spending to reflect lower business activity. By making these adjustments, we've maintained our labor productivity. Operating margins for the third quarter were 20%. Fuel cost increase approximately 180 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2007. EBITDA margins in the third quarter was 29.9%. Although the economy is weakening, the basic fundamentals and operating disciplines in our business are intact. Our current stock price reflects valuation multiples that are very low... at the very lowest levels and do not recognize our ability to generate high levels of predictable free cash flow in our business today and further after the closing of the merger with Allied Waste. We remain focused on all of the cost components of our business to ensure that we remain competitive in our marketplaces. Republic has a number of significant achievements in the quarter including our free cash flow for the third quarter was $95 million. We believe our full cash... our full year cash flow performance will be within the range of our guidance of $340 million to $350 million excluding merger related costs. We began paying a higher dividend in October. The quarterly dividend is $0.19 per share which is a 12% increase. We've increased our dividend every year since we initiated it five years ago. We will continue the $0.19 quarterly dividend after the merger closing. And at this time I'd like to turn the call over to Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer for a review of our financial performance in the third quarter. Tod?
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin my review of the company's financial results by discussing revenue. Again third quarter 2008 revenue rose by 3.4% to $834 million from $806 million last year. That's an internal growth rate of 4.2%. Total price was 7.3%, with 3.8% coming from core price, 2.8% from fuel surcharges, 0.4% from environmental fees, and 0.3% from commodities. During the quarter, we continued to benefit from our ongoing price increase strategy in all lines of business. Our third quarter core volume did decline 3.3%. This was driven primarily by landfill volume which was down 2% and temporary roll-off volume related to construction industry, which is down 15%. Divestitures and non-core operations accounted for the remaining 0.6% reduction in our revenue. That was primarily divestiture of our LETCO business in the fourth quarter of last year. Third quarter year-over-year operating margins, year-over-year operating margins increased by 410 basis points from 15.9% to 20%. During the third quarter of 2008, we've recorded $3.2 million of costs associated with our merger with Allied. Excluding these costs, our operating margins for the third quarter would have been 20.4%. The key components to our year-over-year operating margin improvement are as follows: the Countywide landfill cost that we incurred last year, 410 basis points improvement. Truck maintenance, positive 40 basis points; higher fuel costs this year, negative 180 basis points; risk and health insurance, positive 90 basis points; disposal and subcontracting costs a positive 80 basis points; labor a positive 50 basis points; DD&A, positive 20 basis points; SG&A, a negative 60 basis points; and our integration cost, a negative 40 basis points. So that totals 410 basis point improvements. Now, let me briefly comment on the components of our third quarter year-over-year margin change. First truck maintenance, during the third quarter of 2008, we continue to focus on cost savings initiatives and improved pricing results and a reduction in truck maintenance expense. Second fuel, our average wholesale price per gallon increased from 276 in the third quarter of '07 to $4.13 in the third quarter of 08. Current fuel prices have come down, they're currently at about $3.21 per gallon. Third, the risk in heath insurance cost, our insurance expense during the third quarter of 2008 was 4.7% of net revenue which was lower than the prior year due to favorable settlements of older claims in the auto and general liability lines of coverage. Fourth, disposal on sub contracting cost, this is our largest cost category through which the impact of improved pricing is clearly visible. Fifth, labor, during the quarter we continued to benefit from productivity improvements and pricing which contributed to the margin growth here. Sixth DD&A, the decrease in DD&A as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to improved pricing. And finally SG&A, excluding the integration costs, SG&A as a percentage of revenue for the third quarter of 2008 would have been 9.9%. This is a range which we feel is appropriate in the longer term for Republic as a standalone company. The increases in a year-over-year SG&A as a percentage of revenue is due to an increase in bad debt expense during the third quarter of 2008 and a decrease in incentive compensation expense during the third quarter of 2007. Now our third quarter income before depreciation, amortization, depletion, and accretion. Excluding the remediation charge of Countywide landfill in third quarter of 2007 and excluding the integration cost during 2008 for the Allied merger, our year-over-year income before DD&A increased by 40 basis points from 29.8% to 30.2%. Next I'll discuss free cash flow; free cash flow for the third quarter of 2008 was $67 million. This is based upon cash provided by operating activities of $163 million, plus purchases of property and equipment of $99 million plus proceeds from the sale of property of $3 million for a free cash flow of 100, excuse me of $67 million. Free cash flow for the nine months ended September 30th, was $216 million. This based upon cash provided by operating activities of $474 million plus purchases of property and equipment of $264 million, plus proceeds from the sale of property of $6 million for $215 million free cash flow. Now, I might point out that during the third quarter of 2008 we made $28 million in cash payments for cost attributable to our merger with Allied of which $3.2 million flow through the P&L. The majority of these costs have been capitalized and excluding these payments, free cash flow for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2008 would have been about $95 million and $244 million respectively. We continue to believe that our free cash flow guidance of $340 million to $350 million for fiscal 2008 is appropriate. And again, this guidance excludes merger related cash expenditures. Republic's balance sheet remains very strong. At September 30th, our accounts receivable balance was $326 million and our day sales outstanding was 35 days. Net debt was $1.460 billion which is up from $1.450 billion at December 07 and our net debt to total capital at September 30, 2008 is 53%. In June after announcing our merger with Allied, Republic suspended its share repurchase program. Our actual share account at September 30, 2008 was 182.2 million shares. Now I will turn the call over to Ed Lang for an update on financing related to the merger.
Edward A. Lang, III: Thanks Tod. I would like to provide an update on our financing plans. In order to meet the long-term liquidity needs of Republic Services post merger we set out the following objectives. First, obtain investment grade ratings. Second, the range for $2.75 billion of bank facility capacity for letters of credit and short-term borrowing requirements, and third, secure additional share re-bond capacity at attractive rates available to investment grade companies. Last June prior to the announcement of the merger, we met with Standard & Poor's annuities to review the proposed transaction. After our announcement both agencies issued press releases indicating investment grade status. In July, we began the bank facilities indication by selecting Banc of America and JP Morgan as colleagues. In order to secure the $2.75 billion of bank capacity required, we amended Republic's existing $1 billion facility and syndicated a new $1.75 billion facility. We signed this documentation and went effective in mid September. All financings for the merger that is required is in place. At the same time, we began working with major providers of surety bonds to address the increased requirements of Republic post merger. We are able to secure incremental capacity at rates significantly lower than Allied's current cost. The ability to secure investment grade status was vital to our success. As far as debt maturities, Republic has only one matured debt maturity in 2009, approximately, $100 million due in May of next year. The company has no debt maturities in 2010. The maturity in May of '09 will be repaid with free cash flow from operations. Jim will now provide additional information on Republic and the merger process.
James E. O'Connor: Thanks Ed. Republic's EPS for the third quarter was $0.48. This was a record level of earnings per share. I would like to reiterate our current earnings guidance of $1.78 to $1.82 of earnings per share for the full year 2008 excluding remediation and merger cost. We provided 2008 cash flow guidance of $340 million to $350 million and believe that we will be within the ranges, even though we will increase our capital spending for collection vehicles to take advantage of bonus depreciation. I'd like now to give you an update on our merger with Allied. I'm extremely pleased to report that this process remains on track to meet our original guidance of closing before year end. Only two events need to occur before closing, a successful shareholder vote on November 14th and the signing of a final agreement with the Department of Justice. We expect to conclude the process with the Department of Justice in early December. All the cash proceeds from divestitures will be used for debt reduction. We will reduce debt by over $2 billion during the first three years of the merger. As Ed mentioned, all required financing is in place and there is no need to look to debt capital markets until 2011. As discussed previously, our organizations came together after the merger was announced and formed and integration team that has equal participation from Republic and Allied. These teams developed a detailed integration plan that ranges from day one through 2010. As part of planning process, our integration teams have documented synergy savings and the timing for realizing these benefits. And I am very confident that the $150 million in near terms synergies have been identified and we have greater clarity and definition and with that we will realize the benefits of the synergies in the second half of 2010. Our integration teams have identified additional savings that have been placed on what we call the parking lot. And we will realize some of these savings in the latter part of the first three years. Our IT organization has completed a detailed systems review and all systems for the new organization have been selected. A conversion plan has been finalized and will be completed in a timely manner. Both companies have significant experience in major system implementations and internal and external resources have been allocated to this project. We name more than 100 executives for the new Republic Services, at corporate, region, and area levels. All these individuals have participated in the integration planning and training. In addition, Don Slager and I have visited all four region offices to rollout post merger... operational strategies within the last week. And let me go on to tell you that there is a lot of enthusiasm amongst our top management. We concluded day session where we transferred and looked for DPL to come back and add a sense of realism to our plans in addition to additional challenges to exceed the plans. That evening we had a dinner and I think whatever cultural issues that we may have anticipated I think Don and I would both attest to you, that there... the teams came together very quickly and there was a lot of enthusiasm. And I think it's reflected in some of the stories that were told at dinner that night. So, it's a great team of people, we will complete the corporate office staffing and the field staffing within the next 10 or 14 days. I would also like to thank all the employees at Republic and Allied for their efforts in this integration planning process. We announced the merger on June 23rd. Many investors were concerned about the integration risks and the failures that occurred in previous transactions. The primary reasons for these failures were lack of planning and financial strength. This is not the case in Republic and Allied's merger. We spend over 20,000 man hours on integration planning and we have received investment grade ratings on a pro forma basis. We are well positioned for a successful transaction. At this time operator, I'd like to open the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Tod C. Holmes: I guess in light of today's economy and the results of our quarter looks pretty good. Operator do you have any questions yet coming in?
Operator: Yes, the first question is from David Feinberg with Goldman Sachs.
James E. O'Connor: Hello David.
David Feinberg: Hey, can you hear me?
James E. O'Connor: I sure can.
David Feinberg: Great. So first question, I wanted to know what impact if any there might be from the class action settlements that you announced yesterday as well to financials and the cash flow?
James E. O'Connor: Its inventory. I am going to let Tod or David Barclay our General Counsels here with us. You want to talk to that at all.
David A. Barclay: Yeah, no, this was settled on the basis of just a few additional disclosures that were contained in our 8-K and there will be a modest field work likely within the next three or four weeks.
David Feinberg: And just so I understand that field work goes to the shareholders, is that true?
David A. Barclay: No, there is not a monetary settlement. The fees will be going to the plaintiffs counsel in the case.
David Feinberg: Understood. And then turning to the broad economy and then I will hand it over, Republic has a nice footprint in a sunbelt of the United States which unfortunately has felt the brunt of the slowdown earlier than the other parts of the economy. As, we here at Goldman and I think we're broadly are looking for a broader based U.S. slowdown in '09, it was thought that maybe you can give us some insight in terms of how you expect, perhaps your volume growth to play out. I know your pricing strategy is based on your experience operating in some of these markets, so how'd you sit by the housing downturn?
Tod C. Holmes: David, this is Tod. I think that we've been through a couple of economic cycles here in this business in the early 90s and 2001, 2002. And typically what you'll see and it depends and this one is deeper and longer than those cycles. But typically what you see is probably four to six quarters of negative volumes. So we would look for 2009 to be a soft year from a volume standpoint but again historically the volume declines have been primarily in the construction area, both residential which we have seen this past year and may be in the future commercial construction and then in some of the other landfill related volumes associated with construction. The other business tends to maybe flatten out a little bit. On the margin side, typically what we'll see is an uptake in bad debt expense from 20, 30, 40 basis point range to may be 40 to 70 basis point range. So the margins might come under a little bit of pressure but again the equipment in this business is unreal. So, we can move it around, there is a strong replacement cycle that you can slowdown as well as, obviously the growth capital. So, typically the cash flow has held up quite well.
David A. Barclay: And I think the pricing is a discipline and a discipline that is embedded in the Republic management team and process. So, we don't see any reason why we wouldn't continue along with pricing guidance in the area of 50 to 100 basis points.
David Feinberg: Above CPA.
David A. Barclay: Yeah.
David Feinberg: Thank you very much.
David A. Barclay: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Corey Greendale from First Analysis.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning Corey.
Corey Greendale: And Jim here. Your comment is right. That doesn't mean there are questions but congratulations on holding up well through the downturn regard those.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you.
Corey Greendale: So, the first question I had was also on the pricing. So, I know that you guys are being disciplined on pricing. What... how would you give us confidence that the same will be true in smaller competitor and that if they start to get more aggressive on price that won't mean that you'll start to loose increasingly profitable volumes as the downturn continues?
James E. O'Connor: Well, I mean I think it is... again we are focused on returns and cash value creation, we're talking about continuous improvement and contribution. And now inflation is starting to set in, we saw fuel... we have seen fuel most recently kind of pull back here a little bit. But for the most part, I think, the independents are feeling the same cost pressures that we are. And so, I really don't anticipate a lot of pricing pressure there. If we would have seen it, I think we would have seen a lot of it already in the temporary construction business. I think the larger independents as I said are probably much more rational. They are looking at how hard it is to recover pricing as we are and we've elected to take a position that we are going to hold the pricing. It doesn't mean our loss of some volume. And I think what we have seen in the larger urban markets that the independent sector has fairly pretty much followed that and it's reflected in our retention rates and our pricing.
Corey Greendale: Okay and could you help us think through what the potential impact could be of commodity prices falling, they always talked about that on their call, and you are not as exposed as they are but it could have a noticeable impact on the P&L?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I mean I think what... we're seeing similar impacts. The current pricing for fiber today OCC and ONP is in the $40 to $60 ton range and if you went to the early parts of '08, we are somewhere up around the $130 to $160 range. So there has been a significant drop loss. If you look at these prices, running through the third quarter we're looking at an earnings impact in the third quarter of probably about $0.025 to $0.03. I am sorry the fourth quarter $0.025 to $0.03. And, so I mean again when you loose that much price even though the volumes of fiber within Republic are relatively small, I think our total production on an annual basis is about what we say...
James E. O'Connor: 200,000 tons a year of fiber.
Tod C. Holmes: 200,000 tons of fiber. So we're going to see some impact and obviously if that continues on we'll see impact next year. Now, I think the positive for us is that we recognize that going into a weakening economy that we could see some pressure on the commodity prices and we hedged our commodities where we won't, we didn't have floors already. So when you look at our overall fiber that we produced, we've got about, over half of it is either protected by floor pricing, which is in a range of about $75 to $85 a ton and we've got a good component hedge. Now, so over half of our volume is particular with hedging floors.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Ellis from Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Ellis: Thanks and good morning guys. Wanted to just talk briefly about landfill pricing, as you mentioned I think, first off that the pricing was up 3.4% this quarter. It seems like there is slight deceleration from last quarter. I think last quarter pricing was up 3.7%. So wanted... was hoping you could shed some light on the deceleration there and just in addition to that, if MSW pricing was up, I think you said over 4%, where was the weakness that offset that, to get to a blended average of 3.4%?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I think a lot of it really comes from the mix of MSW with the construction volume, the non-MSW. The MSW volume was about I think I said earlier about 4.1% or 4.2%. So we still see for reoccurring revenue streams on the landfill, pricing holding up pretty well. C&D volume was actually up about 2% from a pricing standpoint. So, I think that's what you are seeing in that sequential slight step down.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay. And just on the overall pricing, slight sequential deceleration to 3.8% from over 4% last quarter. My understanding is given the concentration of your municipal agreements that have resets around July 1, typically you get either core pricing that will hold flat to accelerate slightly between 2Q and 3Q. So, can you just help us understand what the resets were in those contracts this year and perhaps what they may look like for next year?
Tod C. Holmes: Yeah, I think the resets this year which were typically either July 1st, through September 30th, were probably around 3% or so. What we have got right now this year on a year-to-date basis is CPI, that's running at about 4.5%. So well in the past we had talked about how Republic because of its heavy franchisee business was a little bit slower in getting price as for example fuel and inflation was moving up, we're probably at it and maybe we're at an inflection point. And so December of this year, if pricing in the fourth quarter holds we will have over 4% CPI that will go into many of these contracts next summer. So, certainly that's something that's going to benefit the company in 2009.
James E. O'Connor: Next question.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Levine from J.P. Morgan
Scott Levine: Good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning Scott how are you?
Scott Levine: Well how are you?
James E. O'Connor: Pretty good.
Scott Levine: On fuel have you guys adopted any new hedges there and remind us what hedges you do have in place and whether you guys would be thinking with the recent pull back of hedging, and more of your fuel exposure in the franchise markets elsewhere?
Edward A. Lang, III: Scott, this is Ed. The only hedging we've done this year is related to specific contract renewals where those communities did not want to include a fuel surcharge. So we locked in the fuel cost into those contracts through financial transaction. So this year about 10% of our total fuel risks we've hedged, next year it will step up to about 13% or 14%, and that's the impact of the hedges we put in place specific to certain contract renewals that occurred in 2008.
Tod C. Holmes: And Scott, we continue to evaluate our position there. I mean we're very well aware where crude is at today and we got significant internal discussions as to what are our policy going forward should be as it relates to hedging.
Scott Levine: Got it. And one last one on management philosophy, you guys... my perception is you didn't put the centralized model in the past, do you view any changes to your philosophy given the merger with Allied, given the changes to the business on a pro forma basis, anything on those lines.
James E. O'Connor: No, in fact actually there has been a lot of questions along these lines and I think I can speak for Republic and I think I can speak for Allied that at the end of the day we're more alike than not and decentralization is something we practice, where its appropriate to practice. A particular function should be centralized, they are centralized such as procurement of capital assets or treasury functions. So I mean I look at it and I kind of say look at that, decentralization in my mind relates to the field organization being unable to make market decisions like relating to the customer base. There is a lot of other things that we are looking to standardize and streamline, through a number of best practices that Allied has already got in place and that Republic has been practicing. So, at the end of the day, they are very much alike. And I don't really see much change in, in the way we conduct our business or the philosophy there as it relates to decentralization.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you operator. I would like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available for the next 24 hours by calling area code 203-369-1806. Additionally a recording of the call will be available on Republic's website at republicservices.com and again thank you all for spending time with us today. Have a great day. Thanks
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic's Chairman and CEO, Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session following the Republic's summary of quarterly earnings and I will provide you with specific instructions for questions later in the call. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good morning, Mr. O'Connor.
James O'Connor: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services second quarter conference call. Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our second quarter performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties, and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of the conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is July 25, 2008. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call, in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. Yesterday, Waste Management filed an 8-K regarding their intent to acquire Republic Services. As we stated in our response, we believe our merger with Allied Waste is in the best interest of our stockholders because it creates significant value generating opportunities. I will have no further comment regarding Waste Management's proposal, including in the Q&A portion of this call. During the second quarter, we continue to deliver on our pricing initiative, which has offset significantly higher fuel costs. We believe current pricing environment is sustainable across all lines of business. Key results in the quarter, Republic had revenue growth of 2.4%, to $828 million. We achieved internal growth of 3.9%, with 7% of price improvement and volume decline of 3.1%. Our second quarter volume decline was affected by the slow down in residential housing construction activity. C&D volumes in our temporary roll-off business and third party C& D volumes at our transfer stations and landfills continue to be weak. Price growth continues to be strong. Core prices up 4.1%. Pricing is the most important factor for covering rising costs and improving return on investor capital. Within our landfill, our core price was up approximately 3.7% in the quarter. We continue to see sequential improvement in landfill pricing, particularly in our MSW volumes. The landfill business is capital intensive and requires continued focus on pricing in order to achieve appropriate risk adjusted returns. As landfill and residential contracts renew, we are seeing consistent price increases at high levels of retention and we continue to utilize our return on investment pricing tools, on renewals and franchises, and municipal contracts. The biggest impact on our volume was in our temporary roll-off business which decreased approximately 16%. The decrease is primarily due to the weakening of the residential construction volumes and is similar to the trend we have experienced during the past three quarter. Additionally, construction related landfill volumes are down 16%. Despite the net volume reductions, temporary roll-off pricing has remained stable. We continued to adjust our work force and capital spending to reflect lower activity in our temporary roll-off line of business. By making these adjustments we have maintained our labor productivity. Operating margins, adjusted for the remediation expenses for the second quarter were 18.6. Yield cost increased 220 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2007. We remain focused on all the components of our cost structure to be sure we remain competitive in our market places. Republic's had a number of significant achievements in the quarter. Our free cash flow, for the second quarter was $82 million. We believe our full year cash flow performance will be at the high end of our guidance of $340 million to $350 million, excluding merger related costs. During the quarter, we continued to return our cash to our shareholders. In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of stock for $41 million. Republic discontinued the share repurchase program during the second quarter, when it appeared that we would come to an agreement in our merger negotiations with Allied Waste. Our Board has approved a 12% increase in our quarterly dividend, beginning in October. The new quarterly dividend is $0.19 per share. We've increased our dividend every year, since we initiated the dividend five years ago. And, at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Tod Holmes, for a financial review of the second quarter. Tod?
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin the review of the company's financial results by discussing revenue. Second quarter 2008 revenue rose by 2.4%, greater than $28 million from $808 million last year. And as Jim indicated internal growth was a positive 3.9%. Our total price was 7%, with a 4.1% increase from core price, a 1.9% increase from fuel surcharges, a 0.4% increase for environment fees, and a 0.6% increase from commodity improvement. During the quarter, Republic continues to benefit from its ongoing price increase strategy, and discipline in all lines of the business. Second quarter core volume, declined 3.4%, while the land fill volume was down 5%, and temporary roll off volume was down 16%. Divestitures and non-core operations accounting for the remaining 1.2% reduction in our revenue, and primarily relate to our divestiture of Levco [ph] business in the fourth quarter of 2007. Second year... excuse me, second quarter year-over-year operating margins, what we see here year-over-year operating margins decreased by 440 basis points from 18.9% to 14.5%. However, this is due to a unique circumstance. During the second quarter of 2008, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $34 million related to estimated cost complied [ph] with orders issued by the Ohio and U.S. EPAs, and refunds to environmental conditions at out Countywide land fill. Excluding this charge, operating margins for the second quarter were 18.6%. Peak components of our year-over-year operating margin change are as follows. The charge associated with Countywide, negative 410 basis points. Our truck maintenance improved positive 20 basis points. Higher fuel costs were a negative 220 basis point impact on margin for the quarter. Disposal and subcontracting costs, positive 80 basis points; our labor, positive 60 basis points; land fill operating costs, excluding Countywide positive, 50 basis points; our DD&A, positive 30 basis points; and SG&A, a negative 50 basis points for a total of negative 444 basis points. Now, let briefly comment on the components of these margin change. First truck maintenance, again, during the second quarter of 2008, the company's continued to focus on preventative maintenance and cost saving initiatives, and improved pricing resulted in a reduction in truck maintenance expense as a percentage of revenue. Next is fuel, Republic's average wholesale price per gallon increased from $2.69 a gallon in the second quarter of '07, to $4.23 in the second quarter of 2008. And current fuel prices are approximately $4.56 per gallons for Republic. Third, our disposable and subcontracting costs, again this is our largest cost category for which the impact of improved pricing is clearly visible. Next and fourth is labor. During the second quarter, we continued to benefit from productivity improvements, which contributed to our margin growth, and it's particularly important to note, in the roll-off construction area, we're able to maintain our productivity, despite the housing slowdown. Now fifth, land fill and operating costs, lower land fill volumes, and continued focus on cost savings helped reduce land fill operating expense. Sixth, DD&A. The decrease in DD&A as a percentage of revenue is again primarily due to improved pricing. And finally SG&A; year-over-year SG&A as a percentage of revenue was unchanged at 9.9%, excluding the Countywide charge. We had also a $4 million reduction in our allowance for doubtful accounts, which is a benefit in the second quarter of 2007. And that was a function of the excellent account receivable working capital management that our entire field organization delivers. Despite a year-to-date 200 basis point increase in fuel expense, we continue to believe that operating margins in fiscal 2008 will be at or slightly higher than those of the prior year, excluding the remediation charge at Countywide and the increase in fuel expense. Year-over-year gross operating profit increased by 220 basis points from 28.4% to 30.6%. Next I'll discuss our free cash flow. Again as Jim indicated, free cash flow for the second quarter was $82 million. This is based on cash from operating activities of a $164 million, less the purchases of property and equipment, we paid in cash of $84 million plus proceeds from the sale of old equipment of $2 million, for a net of $82 million free cash flow. For the six months ended June 30 free cash flow was $149 billion... $149 million excuse me. Cash from operation was $311, purchases of property and equipment was $65 million... $165 million and we received $3 million from the proceeds of the sales of equipment. As you are aware, earlier this year Congress passed the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008. This act allows companies to purchase new equipment and deduct an additional 50% of the cost of equipment in the 2008 tax returns. We believe this will save Republic approximately $25 million of cash during 2008. However, we currently anticipate increasing our current capital expenditures in 2008, to pre-buy 2008 and 2009 trucks, prior to new diesel engine requirements effective January 1, 2010. Therefore we remain comfortable with our cash flow guidance of $350 million, which is at the high end of our range from our original guidance for cash flows. And again, this guidance excludes merger related costs. And let me talk just briefly about items that impact cash balances. During the second quarter, Jim indicated we repurchased $1.3 million shares for about $41 million or about $30 at may be $0.03 a share. Republic's actual share count on June 30, 2008 was 181.9 million shares. And as Jim indicated in June, after announcing our agreement to merge with Allied, we suspended the share repurchase program. Republic's balance sheet remains very strong. At June 30 accounts receivable was $320 million, day sales outstanding was 35 days, which is consistent with the second quarter of last year, despite a weakening economic environment. Republic's net debt is $1.5 billion, which is up slightly from 1.45 billion at December 31, and our net debt to total capital at June 30 is 54%. Now, let me turn the call back over to Jim.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you Tod. Republic's CPS for the second quarter was $0.46 excluding remediation cost, which is 2% improvement versus the second quarter of 2007. We would like to reiterate our current earnings guidance of the $1.78 to a $1.82 of earnings per share for the full year 2008, excluding remediation costs. We provided 2008 cash flow guidance of $340 million to $350 million and as Tod said we believe that will be at the high end of this guidance, even though we will increase our capital spending for collection vehicles to take advantage of bonus depreciation. We also expect operating margins to be at or above the full year 2007 results, excluding remediation costs. Again, 2008 business objectives continue to be focused on improving margins by achieving appropriate price increases to offset inflationary costs and business risks, improving our market position, standardizing significant business processes, maximizing efficiency of service delivery and customer service and rationalizing our cost structure. On June 22nd Republic signed a definite merger agreement with Allied Waste. This agreement was signed after an extensive and cooperative due diligence process, that identified the benefits and the risks associated with this transaction. This thoughtful process, clearly, identified a $150 million in tangible near-term synergies that can be delivered to Republic and Allied shareholders. Last week, 40 key managers met in Florida to begin the process of developing integration plans, along with extracting synergies of a $150 million. I have instructed our combined teams to complete this process by October first. Our companies have the best management team in the industry, scalable systems and a commitment to meet and exceed expectations. I'd like to thank the managers from Allied Waste and Republic, who participated in the planning process, and will continue to participate in the planning process for their hard work and commitment. We have received strong support from this transaction from investors who trust us over the years. Due to its financial discipline, due to our financial discipline, best-in-class information technology, and strong management team, Republic has provided the highest total return to shareholders during the past 10 years of the three largest companies. I'm committed to bringing the same discipline to Republic Services post merger. Recently, Republic Services celebrated its 10 year anniversary as a publicly traded company. I want to thank all the Republic employees who have contributed to the effort of making Republic the best performing company in the solid waste industry. With that operator, at this time, I'd like to open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. All participants will be allowed one question and one follow-up question. [Operator Instructions]. Bill Fisher of Raymond James, you may ask your question.
William Fisher: Hi, good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Bill.
William Fisher: Hey, I've two unrelated questions. First on the franchise business, kind of when during the year do you get the bulk of the annual increases, and how have they been this year. And a feel where it is, if you look to '09, what kind of increases would you expect to get, built into that?
James E. O'Connor: Yes, well, Las Vegas being a large component of our franchise we're at July 1, we received 3%. And we'd anticipate, right now, looking at the CPI, if you annualize it out, it's approximately running 4% or little just north of 4%. So, in the case of, lets say, Las Vegas specifically, we would get adjusted next July, based on the change from December to December, December of '07 to December of '08, probably at the run rate we are looking at, a little north of 4%.
William Fisher: Okay, great. And then, I don't think you can touch on this or not but on a DoJ process with Allied, can you just touch on getting approval, where you're on that process. And touch on the steps that would take to... related to the West's vision?
James E. O'Connor: As soon as we announced the transaction, we filed simultaneously with that announcement with the Department of Justice. We have been having regular meetings with them. I think, we went through a very thoughtful process, during [ph] getting prepared for the announcement day in that filing. We believe that we've been very forthright in our filing on markets. And, I think, that's when the feedback that we've got from the Department of Justice like this [ph] are. We did receive on July 23, a request for second... a request for additional information, which is statutory. So, it's nothing out of the ordinary. And it's as we expected it. So, we see the process moving just as we expected it right now. And we'd anticipate closing some time in the fourth quarter. But again, I think, the important part here is, is that the integration planning build that we're going through, is looking for day one readiness October 1. Just in case, we get an early release from the Department of Justice.
Operator: Jonathan Ellis, of Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question.
Jonathan Ellis: Thanks. Good morning guys.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ellis: I wanted to know a little bit more about volumes. You mentioned that residential construction volumes are down about 16%, which I believe was very consistent with the year average decline last quarter. Yet, overall volumes were down 3.4% this quarter versus only being down 2.5% last quarter. What can you attribute the incremental weakness to your volumes?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, I think, some of it is, last year as we were moving through the year, we had a pretty strong second quarter. So, I think as we looked at... I think that's probably some of the noise in there. As we look ahead, our guidance for the full year is about 3%, and as you will recall, the second half of last year, we saw continued weakness, particularly in the housing sector and we believe that the comparables become easier particularly in the latter part of the year.
James E. O'Connor: Latter part of the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Tod C. Holmes: About our commercial business, we've had modest growth in commercial, residential, we had a contract in Houston that basically we lost on June 30 of last year. That anniversary is out, excluding that, we have modest growth there. So the other aspects of the business are holding up from a volume standpoint, it's really isolated to this temporary roll-off activity.
Jonathan Ellis: Great and my follow up question on the landfill contracts, could you update us on what portion of the contract rate base has been re-priced at this point, and what kind of the average price increase you're achieving on those contracts?
James E. O'Connor: Jonathan, I think...again I think a number... I think probably about a year and half ago we talk to landfill pricing starting to move, because some of these contracts were anniversaried out and the market appeared to be much rational as it relates to disposal. Again, I think we probably get about another three or four quarters to run. I think you can see as the pricing has improved over the last two years from probably a little as 2% now to 3.7%, that the cost for that is really these contracts were anniversaring out and our ability to secure additional price increases at that time. But I think I said this when we were out on the road the last week or two, but I think I've consistent here in saying that landfill pricing is probably going to move up I mean barring inflation and the other cost. Probably it will be escalating more so than our pricing and our collection business, because it's lagged for so long. So I think you'll continue to see pricing improvement here through '09.
Operator: Corey Greendale, of First Analysis, you may ask your question.
Corey Greendale: Hi good morning.
James O'Connor: Good morning, Corey.
Corey Greendale: First of all I wanted to ask you on the hauling side in competitive markets whether you're starting to see more customer push back up prices on fuel surcharges given how tough things are in general and if you could in any way take a stab at what percent of volume loss in the quarter might have been competitive versus economics?
James O'Connor: Again, I don't think that...I mean there may be some economic impact, but it's not material to what we're seeing. When we look at retention rates, our retention rates are still stable and so I guess what I would say to you is we are not seeing very much I see push back at all and again the pricing environment out there is pretty good and again when you look at the lack of returns this business has got over the course of the last five, or six, or seven years, I think the pricing that we're getting right now is very reasonable pricing.
Corey Greendale: Okay. And then on the volume front, I think it's sounds like its fair to say things are going to bump along the bottom, but can you just talk about the trend monthly as you went to the quarter and into kind of real time whether things are getting better, worse, or indifferent?
James O'Connor: I think we're seeing pretty much the same thing we saw in the earlier quarter and again I think that's what giving rise to us looking at the balance of the year and saying that we think we should see the volume starting anniversary, so I guess...I guess if one wants to draw conclusion from that statement that we would say that may be we're at the bottom.
Operator: Our last question does come from Leone Young of Citi. You may ask your question.
Leone Young: Yes, good morning.
James O'Connor: Good morning Leone.
Leone Young: It's encouraging the here that the commercial business still stays face up slightly. Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing then in terms of service opportunities [ph] or lost business. It sounds like there has been no significant deterioration given the economy?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, there hasn't been any of that we can see. We've looked at our commercial small container volumes, which are in terms of volume or at close to 1% increase in volumes, which has historically been low in relation to a better economy, but still growing. And we see comparable trends in our other permanent annuity kinds of work, barring adjustments for contract such as a city of Houston. So, again I think we feel pretty good about it right now. That's not to say that, we can predict where the economy is really at, and where it is going, but at the end of day based on what see in our business, we feel pretty good about it.
Leone Young: And, given the high fuel cost, have you seen any change in terms of the independents behavior, with regard to price?
James O'Connor: No. I think again when you look at the retention rates you know at our business, and we look at some of the ways we track the available organic growth in the markets and then we look at the price were able to secure. I would say that the again we're not seeing any independent impact. When you even at the temporary roll-up volumes were the real pressure at, still reports stable pricing and based on our cognizance with the field, we don't believe that we've lost any of the opportunities and we don't believe there has been substantial change in market share so again we feel very confident that the we going to be rewarded and we are confident that we will be able to meet our earnings guidance.
Operator: Brian Butler of FDR you may ask your question.
Brian Butler: Good morning guys.
James O'Connor: Good morning Brian.
Brian Butler: Just one question, just on the expenses. Were they associated with the Allied Republic merger talks in the second quarter and do you have any idea of kind of what's the right way to think about those kind of expenses, in the third and the fourth quarter?
James E. O'Connor: Sure. We haven't obviously, incurred expenses associated with due diligence. And also, obviously some legal costs, particularly, with our work in Washington with the Justice Department. So, right now, we have a small amount that's on the balance sheet. Essentially under, I guess, its pronouncement 141, we would capitalize those costs upon consummation of the merger. However, if for some reason we didn't merge prior to year-end, they will be expensed. But, at this point there is a very small amount on the balance sheet, and there is nothing in our results.
Brian Butler: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you, Brian [ph].
Operator: Scott Levine of JPMorgan, you may ask your question.
Scott Levine: Good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Levine: Regarding volumes, could you talk to maybe any differences, you're seeing across geographies, either from a cyclical standpoint. Or due to the comp being different, maybe, in different parts of the country, and also, maybe the differences, what you're seeing in the franchise versus your competitive market?
James E. O'Connor: Well, I mean, most of our franchise work is in the areas that have been hardest impacted by the residential housing market. So, Florida continuous to be very weak, Nevada and Southern California. Parts of the economy where we see, still housing remaining not strong, as I'll say, strong as it relates to several years ago. But, the Carolinas are specifically in Charlotte, we still see some strength, and Texas.
Scott Levine: Okay. And a follow-up on CapEx, from the high-end of the guidance, your free cash flow, last couple of years we seen you guys that's lowered your CapEx, budget when volumes have come in a little bit lower than expectations. Do you think you have some additional room... headroom there, or have you already factored in some reductions maybe outside of your planned fleet purchases?
James E. O'Connor: Well, I mean, I think what we've done, what we're... when we tell you that we're moving up our capital spend guidance, basically, if you go through the really the math of it. The first thing we've done is we've taken the original guidance with I think, was what 325 for capital. So, yes--
Tod C. Holmes: Yes.
James E. O'Connor: 325, we have reduced it, for what we're seeing in the cyclical component of our business, which would be our industrial collection business, and some related disposal capital spend. And let's say that number roughly is about $10 million. So, now you're down to 315. And then, so, the balance between that and our new guidance really is the pre-purchase of trucks, in the balance of '08 and '09, to beat the new engines that'll come out in 2010. So, it's going to be predominantly related to that. And again, there are two benefits here. The bonus depreciation, as well as the savings and the trucks that would probably have price escalation anywhere from $7,000 to $15,000 per unit, are related to the engine changes. So, that kind of gives you a rundown on the capital. Could we've taken it up, if we had to? Yes. But, we don't see any reason too. Tod, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Tod C. Holmes: No, I, my guess... the only thing I'd say again is we've got a fleet age is about six and a half years, and so, what we are doing in the short-term is, maybe, getting a slightly younger fleet. And as we've looked at it, particularly in the due diligence with Allied, at our fleet age and Allied's fleet age, while their fleet age maybe seven a half years or so. We think there is a relevant range of the age, it's not a specific age, that's appropriate. And it depends on how the equipment is being maintained. So, as we put this business together, there may actually be an opportunity from the capital standpoint, to allow our fleet age to go from six and a half to seven years, and still maintain our maintenance costs, and the improvement that we've achieved in maintenance cost over the past number of years.
James E. O'Connor: Yes, let me just expand on that, just for a second, so everybody understands it. It has nothing really to do, necessarily with the merger as such. I think, internally Republic has put at lengthening the life cycle of their trucks, because we've already gone through almost a full cycle. When you look at when we instituted our maintenance programs and the age of the company now, and the replacement cycle, we're now to a point where a lot of the old equipment that wasn't well maintained, prior to acquisition, has pretty much gone through the fleet. And we've... it's been replaced, and the new trucks have been maintained under our new maintenance program. And so, some of the thought process prior to even the merger, was that possibly... that the economy life cycle replacement, may move up a half year. So, that... it has nothing do with the merger. But, it will obviously, would come at an opportune time, if we believe that was the case because we could then funnel that capital, into the Allied assets. So, again, I think, it just is a... the timing was right. But it had nothing do with the merger. If we lengthened the life cycle of the truck, it's related to our internal information.
Operator: At this time we see no further questions.
James E. O'Connor: Okay. Operator, thank you very much. And I'd like to thank all of you for participating. I'd like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available, for the next 24 hours, by calling area code 203-369-0486. And additionally, a recording of the call would available on Republic's website at rebuplicservices.com. And I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. And have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the First Quarter Conference Call for Investors in Republic Services. Republic is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic Chairman and CEO Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded and all participants are in the listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session [technical difficulty] Republic summary of quarterly earnings and I will provide you with specific instructions for questions later in the call. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor. Good morning, Mr. O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Fray and good morning and thank you for joining us today. This is Jim O'Connor and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic services first quarter conference call. Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer and Ed Lang, our Treasurer are joining me as we discuss our first quarter performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we will discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call which is April 24, 2008. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission, rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. During the first quarter, we continue to deliver on our pricing initiatives and realized margin improvement. We believe the current pricing environment is sustainable across all lines of business. Key results in the quarter were republic had revenue growth of 1.8% to $779 million. We achieved internal growth of 3.7% with 6.2% of price improvement and volume decline of 2.5%. Our first quarter volume decline was affected by a slowdown in the residential housing construction activity and associated lower landfill volumes. Price growth continues to be strong. Core price is up 4%. Pricing is the most important factor for recovering rising costs and increasing operating margins and return on invested capital. Within our landfill business, our core price was up approximately 3.4% in the quarter. We continue to see sequential improvement in landfill pricing particularly in our MSW volumes. As landfill and residential collection contracts renew, we are seeing consistent price increase and high levels of retention. The biggest impact on volume growth was in our temporary roll-off business which decreased approximately 15%. This decrease is due primarily to weak residential construction volumes and is similar to the trend we experienced during the second half of 2007. Additionally residential construction related C&D volumes are down at our landfills. Despite the net volume reductions temporary roll-off pricing has remained stable. We continue to adjust our workforce and capital spending to reflect lower activity in our temporary roll-off line of business and the field has done an exceptional job in making those adjustments. Operating margins in the first quarter improved 320 basis points to 18.2%. When 2007 results are adjusted for remediation expenses, operating margins are up 40 basis points. And we continue to remain focused on all of the class components of our business to remain competitive in the marketplace. Republic had a number of significant achievements in the quarter including; our free cash flow for the first quarter was $67 million; our full-year guidance is $340 million to $350 million. During the quarter, we continue to return cash to our shareholders. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.2 million shares of stock for $98 million. There's $288 million remaining under a current board authorization. Share repurchase will continue to be the corner stone of our cash return strategy to shareholders in 2008. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in July 2000, we've repurchased over $2.2 billion of Republic stock or 41% of its outstanding shares. Upon completion of the existing board authorization, our repurchase program will total $2.5 billion or approximately 48% of our outstanding shares. As always, we continue to utilize our return on investment pricing tools, on contract renewals and municipal contracts. And at this time, I would like to turn call over to Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer for a review -- financial review of the first quarter. Tod?
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you Jim. I'll begin my review with the company's financial results by discussing revenue. Again, as Jim indicated, first quarter revenue rose 1.8% to $799 million from $766 million last year. Internal growth was 3.7% which is in line and maybe slightly above our guidance for the full year. This is really led by price growth, total price growth was up 6.2%, 4% increase from core price, a 1.1% increase from fuels surcharges and 0.3% increase from environmental fees. Also commodities continue to be strong and we had 0.8% increase from commodities. So, again during the quarter, we continue to benefit from our ongoing price increase strategy in all lines of business. Our first quarter volume declined 2.5%. This is slightly above our full year guidance for this year. However if you will recall from our last quarter call we'd indicated that we thought the volumes would be a little bit weaker in the beginning of the year versus the end of the year due to the declines of volumes throughout last year and the fact that they would have -- those declines would anniversary out as we went into the latter part of this year. Temporarily roll-off volume as Jim indicated was down 15%, landfill volume down 5%. Commercial volume and residential volumes were both up low single digits. Divestitures accounted for the remaining 1.9% reduction of our revenue. And if you will recall we have sold in the fourth quarter of last year our LETCO soils business in Texas; that's the primary impact there. Now let me talk about our operating margins, first quarter year-over-year change. Year-over-year operating margins increased by 320 basis points as Jim indicated from 15% to 18.2%. During the first quarter 2007, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $22 million related estimated cost to comply with orders issued by the OHIO EPA and our Countywide landfill. Excluding this charge, our year-over-year operating margins increased by 40 basis points from 7.8% to 8.2%. This increase is despite headwinds... substantial headwinds from fuel prices and is consistent with our guidance of expanding operating margins. The key components for our year-over-year margin increase are as follows. Again the Countywide charge was anniversaried out so that was a positive 280 basis points. Pricing really affects a lot of these other factors as well as some of our cost initiatives. Truck maintenance positive 20 basis points, risk and health insurance a negative 20 basis points, Fuel, the big driver, a negative 140 basis points. Our disposal in sub-contracting cost was a positive 130 basis points, labor at positive 30 basis points, DD&A positive 30 basis points, and SG&A a negative 30 basis points for a total 320 basis points positive. Now, let me comment on each of these components of year-over-year margin change. First, truck maintenance, again during the first quarter of 2008 our accruals that are in place particularly Dossier which focuses on truck -- preventive truck maintenance, has allowed us to have a reduction in truck maintenance expense as a percentage of revenue. Second, the risk in insurance, insurance expense during the first quarter was 6.1% of revenue higher than the first quarter of 2007 and that was due to some one-time adverse development on a couple auto liability claims. We believe that these costs associated with our risk program will comeback down here in the next quarters of this year and that for the year we expect something in the 5.5% to 6% of revenue for our risk and health insurance. Third, fuel costs. Our average wholesale price per gallon increased substantially from 2.44 in the first quarter of 2007 to 3.39 in the first quarter of 2008. Current fuel prices are approximately 30... $3.96 a gallon. A couple of things I might add, we do have a hedge in place for a little over 10% of our fuel consumption. That was actually a benefit of 20 basis points since that was put in at about 2.85 a gallon. And then the other factor we have is prices were moving up in the quarter and the month of March was certainly at the highest price. We... although we were quick to get our fuel surcharge, there's about a one-month delay and had -- we had that April surcharge in place for the month of March that would have been another 10 basis points of benefit. Fourth, our disposal and subcontracting costs. This is our largest cost category through which really the impact of improved pricing is clearly visible. Fifth is labor. During the fourth quarter we continue to benefit from productivity improvements which contributed to our margin growth. One thing I would add about labor both here and in SG&A as we did go through a mandatory enrollment for all of our employees in the 401-K plan. So, and we've got probably another 10 to 15 basis points of an expense due to higher participation in the 401-K plan, both here in and our direct operating labor and also in SG&A labor. Sixth, is DD&A. The decrease in DD&A is a percentage of revenue is primarily due to improved pricing. Finally SG&A. First quarter SG&A was 10.6% of revenue. This increase in SG&A is again due to higher equity compensation in the 401-K expense that I talked about earlier. We believe going forward that SG&A should be in a range of 10 and a -- 10% to 10.5% fiscal 2008. And as we look ahead for all of 2008, we believe that operating margin in the 19% range is achievable. Now let me talk about our first quarter operating income before depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion. Year-over-year operating income before DD&A increased by $22 million or 11.1% from $198 million in the first quarter of 2007 to $220 million or 28.2% in the first quarter of 2008. Now I'll talk about our free cash flow. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2008 was 16... $67 million. This is based on cash provided by operating activities of $148 million. Purchases of property and equipment of $82 million and let me talk about that in just a minute, as that's what we actually paid in cash some of which was actually delivered last year and paid this year. Plus our proceeds from the sale of property of 1 million equals free cash flow of 67 million. As you are aware earlier this year congress passed the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008. This act allows companies to purchase new equipment and to deduct 50% of the cost of the equipment as bonus depreciation in their 2008 tax returns. We believe this will save Republic about $25 million in cash taxes during 2008, and therefore improve our cash flows. However, if we anticipate increasing our truck capital expenditures is a pre-buy for both 2008 and also 2009 trucks prior to the new diesel engine requirements that go into effect January 1st of 2010. But the combination of all of these brings us still to the point that we feel very comfortable with our original cash flow guidance at or above the range of $340 million to $350 million. And I mentioned earlier that the statement of cash flows, purchases of property and equipment showed $82 million. We actually have, I think, a reconciliation in our 8-K because in the first three months what we actually took delivery of was $48 million of capital versus that $82 million in the statement of cash flows. This difference again represents property and equipment that the company received during 2007 but was paid for in 2008. And again this reclassification on the statement of cash flow from cash provided by operations to purchase of property and equipment. Let me talk now about our items impacting our cash balances. During the first quarter of 2008 as Jim indicated we purchased 3.2 million shares. That's about 1.7% of our outstanding share account for approximately $98 million or $30.19 per share and our remaining authorization at today's prices could allow us to purchase over 5% of our outstanding shares. Our actual share account at March 31st 2008 was 182.7 million shares. Republic's balance sheet remains very strong. At March 31st, our account receivable balance was $307 million. Our days sales outstanding did go up from 34 days at December 31st to 35 days at March 31st. This is a function we believe of the economic times that we are in. Our net debt is $1.527 billion up from $1.450 billion at December 31st and our net debt to total cap at December 31st was 55%. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks Tod. Republic's EPS for the first quarter was $0.41, which is 46% improvement versus the first quarter of 2007. After adjusting for remediation expense and additional income taxes, the first quarter EPS was up 11%. We would like to reiterate our current earnings guidance for the year of $1.78 to $1.82 EPS for the full year 2008. With the passage of the Economic Stimulus Act earlier this year, Republic's cash flow will improve due to bonus appreciation resulting from higher deferred taxes. We provided 2008 cash flow guidance of $340 million to $350 million. The 2008 depreciation guidelines will increase free cash by approximately $25 million. However, as Tod stated, we plan to increase our 2008 capital spending for commercial and residential collection vehicles for several reasons. There will be new engine standards beginning in January 1st 2010. That increased the cost of vehicles by $10,000 to $20,000 a unit. Therefore making this investment before 2010 will lower future capital spending. Additional vehicles purchased in 2008 will benefit from bonus depreciation. And by taking delivery before the new engine standards are implemented, we will minimize operating issues as manufacturers adopt to a new process. Our capital spending during the first six months of 2010 will be reduced to adjust for advance purchases. We are maintaining our 2008 cash flow guidance at $340 million to $350 million while possibly increasing our capital spending by up to $25 million. We will update cash flow guidance at the end of the second quarter as we historically have done. 2008 business objectives continue to be focused and improving margins by achieving appropriate price increases to offset inflationary costs and business risk. Improving our market positions, standardizing significant business processes, maximizing the efficiency of service delivery and customer service and rationalizing our cost structure. I would like to thank all the employees of Republic Services for their dedication and hard work which resulted in this strong performance in the first quarter. And operator at this time, I would like to open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. At this time we are ready to begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. First question does come from Scott Levine of JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Scott Levine: Good morning guys.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Scott.
Scott Levine: Waste Connections mentioned on your call weather and we saw a little bit of volatility in terms of weather in certain parts of the country; didn't mention weather in your prepared comments. Now your footprint is in lot of warmer weather regions or tilted towards those markets. Did you see any unusual behavior there; was there any impact on the volumes that you could quantify?
Jim O'Connor: Scott we do have some seasonality as you well know. I mean again it predominately resides in the mid-west, in the Mid-Atlantic States. We probably seeing some impact there. Probably not to the same degree that some of our national competitors have. But it is a factor. It's just a little hard for us to sort all of that that out when we look at the volumes changing from the fall to winter quarters. But just before I'd like you to do a follow-up here. What I'd like to do is go back to some comments I have here and I missed something so bear with me Scott. I'd like to highlight that Republic continues to manage its business to adjust our cost and capital investment but the challenges of the slowing economy that we are experiencing, we continue to see a pricing discipline in the industry which is I think long over due. And therefore we can expect I think to deliver higher margins and returns in 2008 and we are comfortable with our earnings guidance as I said in my comments that we provided in February. So I want to reiterate that that even in light of the volume declines we believe that we continue to see pricing to be rational, we continue to see margin improvement and we continue to see escalating free cash flow. So with that Scott, I will give you an opportunity to do a follow up.
Scott Levine: Very well, thanks. I was hoping whether I'd would get a quick update on Countywide. I think we saw news items at the US EPA was getting involved here. I was hoping like you could provide a little bit more clarity there.
Jim O'Connor: Yeah. We did sign a consent order in the last 10 days with US EPA. But pretty much following the same work elements that Ohio EPA has already outlined with the addition that we may go to early closure of the 88 acres that are affected or -- that are under remediation. It does not affect the currently active part of the facility. So we don't anticipate it this time; any additional remedial costs. We still believe that the charges that we took are appropriate and still represent the best engineering estimates to talk us through remediation.
Scott Levine: Great. Thanks Jim.
Jim O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Bill Fischer of Raymond James, you may ask your question.
William Fischer: Yes. Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Bill.
William Fischer: Yeah. Jim, just on the landfill volumes, just want to see if you can give any color on... if you thought that declines there might moderate a bit as you move through the year. I think you had some noise last year in terms of some specific strange pull back on or if there's any other permanent expansions and things you might get?
Jim O'Connor: Well as far as the volumes, I mean I think some of the change in the receipt of special waste materials in the Detroit market area, those should anniversary out; those were some sludges out of Toronto and sludges from the city of Detroit. We've also obviously stopped taking aluminum draws [ph] around the country. So, we've seen some impact from that but, in... really not material in nature to the business. As far as the landfill volumes that are predominantly effected by the construction in demolition being dropping off and they have also been affected really due... somewhat probably related to the economy but, I think predominantly in the southeastern part of the United States where we seen extremely dry conditions and we haven't seen really much change in that, in the first quarter, we've seen our unit rates be much lower, so our third party deliveries would be a lot lower to our facilities.
William Fischer: Okay, and just following-up kind of on the C&D side, you have lot of collection only businesses. With the C&D mix and the landfills, still be about the same as on the collection side or is there any difference there?
Jim O'Connor: Well, I think what you have seen Bill is as we went through the last year, the C&D mix of our total business has continued to decline as that piece of the business has slowed down in the residential construction. So, I would say that both on the roll-off, the temporary construction roll-off is a little bit smaller portion of our total revenue effect, I think you can see it in the 8-K that the roll-off revenue is down despite some positive pricing there, and probably a little bit of non-construction growth there. And I think that same factor holds true on the landfill side where the C&D volumes are down. Now a lot of those declines were coming as we move through the sequential quarters last year and I guess the question that remains for all of us is how we hit a trough here and in terms of that slowdown, it's a little bit hard for us to see it's early in the year, it's... certainly the winter time and seasonality is a much larger factor here in this first quarter than in the other quarter. So we are not really going to have a clear picture until we move out of the first quarter seasonality and also maybe see where this economy takes us.
Operator: Corey Greendale of First Analysis. You may ask your question.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Corey.
Corey Greendale: Kind of following up on that question, could you comment on monthly volume trends as the quarter progressed and into April and are you starting to see any of your customers on the commercial side downsizing their service levels at all?
Jim O'Connor: Well I don't... I think the reconnaissance from the field is our commercial business is still modestly growing and we've not yet seen any -- any trend in our customer base to lower service deliveries or frequencies. So that still pretty much remains intact. As far as the volumes, I kind of go back to some of Tod's comments here. It's a little hard for us to sort out what's actually happening in the winter quarter with some of our volumes and how much of it is just the seasonal impact. But I think it's a fair statement to say that... look we still see obviously continued decline over the prior years quarter, and whether that's related to weather or not it is a concern to us. But, again I kind of keep coming back to the same issues again Corey that the business is still able to show pricing growth. We are still able to show margin growth in light of the volume declines and these are volume declines that are unrelated to activities in the market other than lack of demand for either residential and/or commercial construction. So, I continue to look at the margins expanding and I continue to look at the escalation of free cash flow or our ability to generate significant amounts of cash flow and it's just really too hard for us to say what further headwind volume could produce as the year goes on and our guidance again has been based always on the fourth quarter and we did anticipate that the volumes would be a little weaker in the first quarter and in the second quarter and then we would start anniversary out in the third and fourth, and I think we've been consistent there. So, it's just a little harder to comment exactly on where all the volumes are going. I did one of the things Scott and that is we need to remember this business is scalable. And so when we look at a change in business activity we are able to reduce the number of hours, we are able to reduce the equipment by slowing down the replacement. We are able to move equipment and therefore maintain... maybe with a little bit of a lag affect maintain the productivity that we've had in the past which is certainly a key element in maintaining and growing margins. And I think our field organization has done an excellent job of adjusting the economic conditions.
Corey Greendale: That's helpful. And second question is on pricing. I saw that there was a benefit from an environmental fee again, that had sort of drifted down over the last couple of quarters. Did you implement a new fee or upsize that fee and should we expect that kind of benefit for the rest of the year and if I could cheat and sneak in a quick third one. Tom could you just quickly run through all the margin impacts. Again I... the numbers I got didn't add up to 320, so I just want to make sure that I got them right?
Jim O'Connor: Could we do this on the margin, could I just do it offline with you since I... I've already done it once, and maybe you can just give me a quick call after the call and I'll glad to do that.
Corey Greendale: Fine.
Jim O'Connor: Okay. As it relates to the environmental fee, we did increase the environmental fee effective January 1st of '08. We moved here from 2% to 3%. It's still lower than our other two national competitors. But we feel that in light of the impacts that we were seeing from cost increases, monitoring expenses, and cost of secure... additional capacity we thought that it was more than appropriate to do that. So, that will remain in place.
Operator: Leone Young of Citi. You may ask your question.
Leone Young: Yeah, good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Leone.
Leone Young: I understand that especially in this first quarter it's difficult with volumes between seasonality and weather but how about the third factor. Can you comment a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of competitive behavior on price, not just the national but perhaps some of your larger independents; any change there with worsening economy?
Jim O'Connor: No. In fact, again... we look at... I was out on the road with Ed Lang up in Boston and New York. I guess it was, Ed, what about two weeks ago, two or three weeks ago. We do have a couple of anomaly markets that -- where we are seeing some price decrease from a couple of independents. But when I look at our larger markets and our larger urban markets and I look at our larger independents that really can actually have... could impact the market to some degree. They act very rational and in my opinion have been holding the temporary construction prices to the historical levels that we have seen. So I guess the answer to the question... short answer is we still believe it's stable with a few fuel isolated anomalies.
Leone Young: Great. And turning just to turns you are seeing in commercial construction. I know there's a lag in the garbage business which is great. But in particular what are you seeing in commercial constructions in some of your key markets like Florida and Las Vegas?
Jim O'Connor: Well, I mean... again, most of the... we really haven't seen a whole lot of impact there. But I mean I can tell you this it's probably what gives rise to the question. We do... we have seen a number projects canceled meaning that they are not coming out of the ground and that we wouldn't anticipate volume. So I would think we'd probably start to see some impact from some of what we are hearing about in Florida and in Las Vegas and Southern California probably in the latter part of '09 as some of the larger projects won't finish until that time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question does come from Jonathan Ellis of Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
Jonathan Ellis: Thank you and good morning guys.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Ellis: Just... I know you touched on landfill pricing but wondering if you could walk through a magnitude of price growth in the commercial collection, residential collections and permit roll-off businesses.
Jim O'Connor: I mean when you look at... let's start with residential. It's predominantly indexed priced, whether it's in our franchise of business or whether it's in our contract residential municipal business. So, I mean there it's going to trend to the CPI which is running in right around 3%.
Jonathan Ellis: I am sorry, I guess, you mean on price on contract renewals in the municipal business is what I meant to say?
Jim O'Connor: Contract renewals? Okay.
Jonathan Ellis: Yes.
Jim O'Connor: Well the contract renewals have significantly outpaced the CPI. As we have been in renegotiating and/or rebidding, our franchises and/or municipal contracts, I think we are starting... we were seeing pricing move anywhere from 5% to 10% depending on the return expectation or the return delivery that we were achieving in the contract or the franchise. Our pricing has escalated in those areas anywhere from 5% to low double digits.
Jonathan Ellis: Okay, great. And then just on the landfill side, can you update us on how far you are through working through the long-term disposal agreements and what type of price increases you are achieving on those contracts?
Jim O'Connor: Sure. I think it was probably about six quarters ago we've kind of brought up the fact that landfill pricing would move and we'll continue to escalate as these contracting anniversaried out. I'd say we have probably got another four quarters to go, we are probably about 2/3rd of the way through them and I think it's reflected in our pricing. If you look over the last several years, we've moved pricing from approximately 2.5% to 2.8% up now to a little over 3%, 3.4%. So, I mean... I think you are starting to see it materialize and I think it will continue to grow. And again when I was on the road two weeks ago, I think you should see landfill pricings move up towards the 4% range. And then now whether it will move much higher than that will depend on... will return on the individual markets and the demand. But at the end of the day, I think, 4% to 5% would be somewhere where we settle in the next 12 to 24 months.
Operator: At this time, we show no further questions.
Jim O'Connor: Okay. Thank you Fray, I appreciate it. And at this I would like to remind everyone that this call is available for the next 24 hours by calling area code 203-369-3289. Additionally a recording of the call will be available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And I'd like again to thank all of you for spending time with us today. Please have a good day, and good bye.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Conference Call for Investors and Republic Services. Republic is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is Republic Chairman and CEO, Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a questions-and-answer session following Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. I will provide you with specific instructions for questions later in the call. At this time it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. O'Connor.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services Fourth Quarter Conference Call. In addition to reviewing our fourth quarter and full year performance, we will also discuss our guidance for 2008. Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Lang, our Treasurer, are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risk and uncertainties and maybe materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally the material that we will discuss today is time sensitive, if in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 6, 2008. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services Incorporated. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. During the fourth quarter, we continued to deliver on our pricing initiatives and realize margin improvement. We believe the current pricing environment is sustainable across all lines of business and our key results for the quarter were Republic's revenue growth of 3.9% to $796 million, we achieved internal growth of 4.7% with 6% of price improvement and volume decline of 1.3%. Our fourth quarter volume growth comparison was affected by a slow down in residential housing construction activity and lower associated landfill volumes. Price growth continues to be strong. Core price is up 4.3%, price is the most important factor for covering rising costs and increasing operating margins and return on invested capital. Within our landfill business, our core price was up approximately 3.3% in the quarter. We continue to see sequential improvement in landfill pricing particularly in our MSW volumes. As landfill and residential collection contracts renew, we are seeing consistent price increases and higher retention levels. The biggest impact on our volume growth was in our temporary roll-off business, where residential construction volumes decreased approximately 15%, which is similar to the trend we experienced during the first three quarters of 2007. Additionally residential construction related C&D volumes are down at our landfills we are still experiencing single digit growth in our residential collection, commercial collection and permanent industrial roll-off collection volumes. Despite the net volume reductions, temporary roll-off pricing has remained stable. Operating margins for the fourth quarter improved by 70 basis points to 17.6. For the full year, our operating margins improved by 170 basis points to 18.6 after adjustments for remediation costs. We remain focused on all the components of cost to ensure we remain competitive in our market places. Republic's had a number of significant achievements in the quarter, including our free cash flow for the fourth quarter, it was $116 million, we exceeded our full year objective, by generating $375 million of free cash flow, during 2007. During the quarter, we continued to return cash to shareholders. In fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of stock for $71 million. During 2007, Republic repurchased approximately 5.7% of our outstanding shares. Our Board recently approved an additional $250 million per share repurchase. Therefore, we have $386 million authorized to buyback Republic stock during 2008, which represents 7% of our outstanding shares. Share repurchase will continue to be the cornerstone of our cash return strategy in 2008. Since the inception of our share repurchased program in July 2000, we have repurchased over $2.1 billion of Republic stock or 41% of our outstanding shares. Upon completion of the existing Board authorization, our share repurchase program will total $2.5 billion or 48% of our outstanding shares. In addition, Republic Services increased its dividend by 60% during 2007, and currently has a yield of 2.3%. Our current cash yield to shareholders is approximately 8% per annum. Moody's Investor Services upgraded our long-term credit rating to BAA1 in December. Republic maintains the highest credit rating in the solid waste industry. During the fourth quarter, Republic divested of a non-core business involved in the processing and sales landscaping materials. This business had an annual revenue of approximately $50 million. As a result of the sales, we decided to consolidate our south west and western regions. This reorganization will increase the productivity of our regional staff. We continue to utilize the return on investment pricing on all renewals of franchising municipal contracts. During the fourth quarter, Republic renewed an expanded franchises and municipal contracts in South Florida, Illinois, Texas and while improving our return on investment. And we also renewed an operating contract for Orlando and Kentucky. At this time, I would like turn the call over to Tod Holmes, our Chief Financial Officer for a review of the fourth quarter financials.
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you, Jim. I will begin my review of the company's financial results by discussing revenue. Again as Jim indicated, the fourth quarter revenue rose 3.9% to $796 million from $766 last year. Internal growth was 4.7; total price growth was 6% with 4.3 from core price, 60 basis point increase from fuel charges, and a 1.1% increase from commodities. During the quarter, we benefited from our ongoing price increase initiatives and strategies in all lines of business. And we have been successful in 2007 in securing adequate price increases to provide decent returns on our substantial investments. For 2008, we expect price in the 4% range. I might add that the current fuel prices, we could see an additional 60 basis points of price due to higher fuel cost that we saw in the fourth quarter. Also, for 2008, we did not forecast any increase or decrease in the price commodities and for the full year 2007, we actually benefited from a 90 basis point increase in commodity prices. Our fourth quarter volume declined by 1.3%; however we had one additional work day in the fourth quarter. And if we adjust it for that that additional work day, the fourth quarter decline would have been about 1.9% or consistent with what we saw in the third quarter. Our quarter volume was down 1.5%, non-core volume was up two-tens of 1%. Temporary roll-off volume was down as Jim indicated 15% and landfill volume particularly in the C&D area was down 1.6%. Our commercial and residential volumes were both up about up 1%. Our divestitures did account for the remaining eight-tens of 1% reduction in our revenue and that was primarily due to the let-go [ph] divestiture in the fourth quarter. So, we will see that rollover impact as we go into 2008 with our other revenue. Fourth quarter year-over-year operating margin, year-over-year Republic's operating margins increased by 70 basis points, from 16.9% to 17.6%. Key components of our year-over-year margin increase, excluding the landfill charge are as follows. Truck maintenance was benefit of 30 basis points, risk and insurance, health insurance costs were a decline of 60 basis points, fuel was a decline of 100 basis points, landfill operating was a benefit of 80 basis points, disposal and subcontracting cost was a benefit of 110 basis points; labor, a benefit of 10 basis points; DD&A, a benefit of 30 basis points; and SG&A, decline of 30 basis points, to give us a net 70 basis points benefit. I will briefly comment on these fourth quarter changes in year-over-year margin. First, truck maintenance, again during the fourth quarter of 2007, our continued focus on cost savings initiatives and also the improved pricing resulted in a reduction truck maintenance expense., Second, the health and risk insurance, insurance expense during the fourth quarter of 2007 was 6.4% of revenue, this is higher than the fourth quarter of 06, due to one time adverse development in a few general liability claims and also higher year-over-year medical costs. We believe that risk in health insurance costs as a percentage of revenue should be in the range of 5.5% to 6% during 2008. Third, fuel, our average wholesale price per gallon increased from $2.44 in the fourth quarter of 06 to $3.11 in the fourth quarter of 07. Current fuel prices, I might add, are approximately $3.13 a gallon, so that's very close to our fourth quarter average. Fourth, the landfill operating expense during the fourth quarter, certainly our landfills benefited from improved pricing as that all lines of business, but in addition in the fourth quarter of 2006, we saw...that was when we began to see higher costs our Countywide facility in Ohio and therefore our cost were higher in 06 than in 07. The fifth category, disposal and sub-contracting cost; this is our largest cost category through which the impact of improved pricing is clearly visible. Also dry whether, particularly in the south east also helped to lower the disposal costs by about 40 basis points. The sixth category is labor. During the fourth quarter, we continue to benefit from productivity improvements in labor, which contributed to some modest margin expansion. Seventh, is DD&A. The decrease in DD&A as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to higher year-over-year revenue and improved pricing. And finally SG&A; fourth quarter SG&A was 10.6% of revenue. This increase in SG&A is primarily due to higher bad debt expense. We believe looking ahead that SG&A as a percentage of revenue should be approximately 10% to 10.5%. Also looking ahead, we believe that operating margins for fiscal 2008 in the 19% range is achieve able and EBITDA in the 29% range is also achievable that's an improvement of about 50 basis points from above and that again assumes the current fuel prices that we saw in fourth quarter and obviously now in the beginning of the first quarter. Our fourth quarter operating income before depreciation, amortization, depletion, integration, our year-over-year operating income before DD&A increased by $11 million or 5.2% from $205 million or 26.8% in the fourth quarter of 06 to $216 million or 27.1% in the fourth quarter of 07, a 30 basis point improvement. Next I will discuss our free cash flow. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $116 million this is based upon cash provided by operating activities of $191 million plus purchases of property and equipment of $76 million, plus the proceeds of sale of property and equipment of 1 million; again that yields the free cash flow of $116 million. Our free cash flow for the year ended December 31st, 2007 was $375 million, this is based upon cash from operating activities of $661 million, less purchases of property and equipment of $292 million, plus the proceeds of property of $6 million and that equals free cash flow of 375. Our free cash flow for the year ended December 31st, 2007, was positively impacted by several one-time items including lower than expected CapEx, capital spending of $20 million, higher differed income taxes of $10 million and higher remediation accruals of $30 million. Looking ahead to 2008, we believe that free cash flow should be in the range of $340 million to $350 million, or as we have said before, in the range of 100% to 110% of net income. Now let's talk about our items impacting our cash balances, during the fourth quarter of 2007, as Jim indicated, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of stock for $71 million at an average price of $33.18 per share. Our actual share count on December 31st, 2007 was 185.4 million shares. Republic's balance sheet remains very strong. At December 31st, our accounts receivable balance was $298 million, and our days sales outstanding was 34 days. Our net debt was $1.450 billion, which was up slightly from $1.430 billion at December 31st, 2006. And our net debt to total capital at December 31st, 2007 was 53%. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you, Tod. Republic's EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.44, which is 29% improvement versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Our full year as reported EPS was $1.51. After adjusting for remediation costs and the sale of our processing and landscape business, full year earning per share was $1.66. This performance is inline with the increased guidance we provided on our third quarter call. I will now review our financial guidance for 2008. We anticipate that full year earning per share would be in the range of $1.78 to $1.82. Republic's operating margins will continue to improve to approximately 19% for the full year 2008. Free cash flow will be $340 to $350 million, which is in excess of 100% of net income. Internal growth will be 2% to 3.5%. We expect core price to increase by 3.5% to 4% and volumes will be down 0.5% to 1.5%. Our cash flow guidance assumes capital spending of approximately $325 million. 2008 business objectives continue to be focused on improving margins by achieving appropriate price increases to offset inflationary costs and business risks improving our market position, standardizing significant business processes, maximizing efficiency of service delivery and customer service and rationalizing our cost structure. I would like to thank all of the employees of Republic Services for their dedication and hard work, which resulted in our strong performance in fourth quarter. Republic organization would also like to thank Art Dudzinski, who served as Western Region Vice President and we wish him the best in his retirement. Operator, at this time we would like to open the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brian Butler.
Brian Butler: Good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning Brian.
Brian Butler: First question just kind of looking at the outlook for 2008, you had a huge improvement in margins between 2006, 2007 somewhat in the order of 160 basis points, and when you are looking at 2008 you kind of got into 50 basis points with...it's kind of similar pricing outlook 3.5% to 4% with some volume decline, is there some costs that are really growing more than expected that's eliminating kind of the margin expansion there?
Tod C. Holmes: I think we have got headwind from fuel pricing and then some from insurance.
James E. O'Connor: Also Brian, we had a commodity benefit from 2006 to 2007 and our view looking forward would be that commodities maintained at the current level and don't necessarily go up, so we wouldn't see that commodity benefit.
Brian Butler: Okay, and then my follow-up question is on the guidance you have out there can you talk a little bit what's built in those expectations from the perspective of economic activity in the U.S. in general?
Tod C. Holmes: Well, Brian I think if you have been following us, we have historically got away from trying to predict the economy and most of...I mean for the last two or three years we have been giving guidance on the upcoming year based on what we saw, what we have experienced in the fourth quarter. So, again what we are forecasting for 08 is really built around what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 07.
Brian Butler: Great, thank you very much.
Tod C. Holmes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Fisher.
William Fisher: Good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Bill.
William Fisher: Just on the landfill volumes, I think you guys had made some company specific moves on curtailing certain waste say out of Canada and some other things during the year, and then I know you are also working on some expansions. Just wanted to see if you can give any color on when some of those events might kind of anniversary and how that plays out during the year?
James E. O'Connor: I think the Canadian...I don't have...Bill, I don't have the exact dates here. But the volumes that we cut off in Michigan were predominantly sludges coming out of Canada which I think was in the first part of the year and should pretty much be annerversarying out early on in 08. And we did curtail some other waste streams that we were taking in the States. Again either because of the social political impact of those waste streams after further review looking at, how they may affect our facility. So that should anniversary out too about the same time. We also closed West County during 08, and that's during 07 and that had -- that's going to have some carryover impact, but all in all we have got a number of expansions, we have never been refused an expansions, and we would anticipate that we would get one or two or three expansions approved early on here in 08 predominantly I think most of those in the southeastern parts of United States.
William Fisher: Okay, great. And just to follow on, Tod on the CapEx, is there a increase this year, just general inflation or some new contracts. I was just wondering if the current economy persists and keeps you on the lower roll-off and land field. Is there an opportunity to reduce that at all or is that pretty cash in stone?
Tod C. Holmes: No, there certainly is an opportunity, I think you saw that in 2007, we do adjust based upon what we see in the business and capital here is very flexible. We can move equipment around, which we have done in 2007 and slowed down the replacement capital in certain markets as it was necessary. I think a lot of this increase in capital really comes from trucks, if you think back to 2006, we were buying truck bodies and...excuse me, chassis and the engines before the change in the emission requirements. So we had built up a pretty good inventory of trucks at the end of 06, which we then deliver to our operations, in the first four months of 2007. And so now in 2008, we are back to more of a normal type of truck purchase scenario. So I think that's really the key driver there would be the vehicles. Again our capital spend should be somewhat less than DD&A and also obviously we think our free cash flow, because of that factor the spread between capital spend and DD&A and our non-cash taxes should allow us to get free cash flow in the range of a 100% to 110% of net income. 07 was an unusual year, but I think our free cash flow was 129% or something like that of net income that was huge. But if you look steadily at this company, good times and bad we...cash flow has always been in excess of the net income.
William Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Ellis.
Jonathan Ellis: Great, good morning guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Jonathan Ellis: Just wanted to talk a little bit about...you mentioned some of the new contracts and expansions that you are anticipating for 2008; can you talk about your directionally or in quantitative terms what benefit that should have to volumes this year, what you are factoring in that down 0.5% to 1.5% for the year ?
James E. O'Connor: Well, I mean the majority of the volume forecast been down to 0.5% to 1.5% is the rollover impact of our construction decline over the course of 07, so, that's the majority of it. As far as growth goes, I mean we have renewed contracts. We have picked up a contract in Downers Grove, Illinois. We expanded our operating position, which will I think will experience in the fourth quarter in Palm Beach County. We have successfully renewed and expanded our service offering in Orange County, Florida. But that contract won't start up until January of 09. So, some of the capital that Bill Fisher asked about will be...probably be...is driving our 08 capital number, but it won't really or actually receive any value from it until this contract starts backup in 09. So, I mean we have been very successful in all these contract including renewal...other renewals in South Florida have been a significant increase prices, which again I think our an indication that the sectors looking to improve return on invested capital. So we have seen pricing move anywhere from five as high as 10% on some of our residential and franchise offerings.
Jonathan Ellis: Great. And just the follow-up; in term of your outlook for the coming year both on price and volume if you can talk either in quantitative terms, directionally, what your view is on how franchise versus competitive markets will trend?
James E. O'Connor: Well competitive markets on pricing are going to trend higher. We have got index pricing. We anticipate, I think built into our 08 forecast is about 3% CPI so again with fuel headwind there we will lag recovery there, but obliviously it would be up at the 3.5% to 4% price, we are getting in excess of that in our competitive market, or in the markets, where we have discretion as it relates to pricing, so...
Jonathan Ellis: Just on the volume side.
James E. O'Connor: Well on the volume...again, I mean the volume...on the volume side, we are basically seeing modest growth in all lines of business other than our residential, industrial collection, basically construction and demolition. And I think probably anywhere from 0.5% to 1% maybe little north of 1% depending on the line of business.
Jonathan Ellis: Great, thanks.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Greendale.
Corey Greendale: Hi, good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Corey.
Corey Greendale: Jim, you sort of got to this little bit with your answer just a second ago, but can you speak a little bit, more specifically about trends, you are seeing in non-residential construction and the commercial lines of businesses if there is any spill over of the economy in those areas yet?
James E. O'Connor: No, we are still seeing relative strength there, which should translate into continued commercial growth from our container growth and should translate into a permanent industrial growth. We still see, the American Institute of Architects index in the mid-50s, which really would project a relatively strong industrial and commercial growth for construction in 08 and 09. And I think some of their highest buildings are in 07 and are anticipated in 08, which again reflection of continued to strength there now. We like a lot of people have paid significant amount of intention to articles with regards to commercial construction, but we have not experienced it. And again as you all know, we won't see that impact assuming there even is one, I think the indexes say there won't be, but assuming there is one we won't see that from anywhere from 12 to 18 months depending on the size of the project.
Corey Greendale: Thank you, that's helpful. And Tod, was there a closure, post-closure true-up in the quarter, and what was the magnitude of that?
Tod C. Holmes: Yes, you are referring to the 143 adjustment.
Corey Greendale: Correct.
Tod C. Holmes: And that was approximately $4 million. And if you look back to the fourth quarter 06, it was in that same range also.
Corey Greendale: $4 million is favorable, I assume.
Tod C. Holmes: Yes.
Corey Greendale: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jagdeep Ghuman.
Jagdeep Ghuman: Good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning Jag.
Jagdeep Ghuman: A couple of questions here; one, where are you in terms of your contract renewals both within collection and on the disposal side, I just reached the ballpark percent and also in 08, what do you expect to renew?
James E. O'Connor: I don't have the list, but we have successfully renewed every contract the only contract of any consequence of immaterial to the whole company was the loss of the City of Houston, and wasn't lost to a competitor, it was lost back to the Public Works Department in Houston. But much beyond that, Jag, I think we don't have any material exposure and some of the contracts I just related to you we have a significant amount of opportunity. Again I think we appear to be one of the leading contenders too in another county offering in the central western part of Florida, which we hopefully would hear something on here in the next three or four months.
Jagdeep Ghuman: Okay, fair enough and as a follow-up; Jim, you had mentioned that for 08 of course the share repurchase will remain cornerstone for your cash balance strategy. However as you look out to 09 and beyond, do dividend increases become more of the focal point, have we kind of cycled through the bulk of share repurchases here?
James E. O'Connor: Jag I would say that you will see a pattern of behavior consistent with what you saw this past year or past couple of years, where as the cash flow grows, we put the additional cash flow into the dividend, however the share repurchase continues to remain the cornerstone for the distribution strategy of our cash particularly at these levels in the stock price, there is substantial value to be captured here and we intend to capture through the share repurchase program. So, at this point, I would say looking out ahead even with some appreciation in stock price share repurchase will play a big part in cash distribution, but with a higher dividend mid-year.
Jagdeep Ghuman: Got it, okay thank you very much.
James E. O'Connor: Thank you. Operator, anybody else on the line? Hello? What do we have to do to get the operator back?
Operator: Hello, Scott your line is open.
Scott Levine: Good morning guys can you hear me.
James E. O'Connor: We can hear you now, Scott.
Scott Levine: I am Scott Levine, JP Morgan. You mentioned Jim that residential construction related roll-off poles were down similar to prior quarters, but was there any change in the geographies in terms of relatively weaker or stronger markets in that area.
James E. O'Connor: No, I mean I think the geographies are still we are seeing weakness in Florida, Nevada, California areas that we have big business interest and where we would have a lot of volume. I mean we have seen it in other parts of the country, but I think prominently in those areas and I don't think it's any surprised anybody that we are seeing it. I think that the key here to me is that we would rather see the...this part of economy stronger if it doesn't reflect volume lost to competition or the marketplace. It doesn't indicate that the pricing environment is changing. And I think those are the real positives here that pricing totaling up in this sector in light of a lot of pressure, and a lot of equipment inventory build up. So I think when we get through the cycle whenever that is, again the gain should be relatively substantial to the bottom-line here.
Scott Levine: Got it. One quick follow-up; can you mention or did you mention what percentage of your debt is currently at floating rates?
James E. O'Connor: I think we got it about 44% floating and 56% fixed.
Scott Levine: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leone Young.
Leone Young: Yes good morning.
James E. O'Connor: Good morning, Leone.
Leone Young: It's great to see that landfill pricing go up sequentially, and I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of a lot of the strength coming from renewing your contracts on the spot side or maybe a little color you have on geographies or lines business with obviously C&D being the toughest?
James E. O'Connor: I think, as it relates to landfill pricing in general, we said that number of quarters ago that we have contracts that are anniversary out we are going to be moving price up. And that's what you are starting to see in our landfill pricing. If you went back to the fourth quarter, I think 06 you would see landfill pricing about 2.5% and maybe off, tenth of 1% or so, but somewhere in that range and now we are reporting all over 3%. So we continue to stick with the plan. We are not giving out long-term contracts and we are continuing to hold our C&D, our pricing levels in some of our larger facilities. We have a couple of facilities that are exclusive to C&D, and we have been holding our price up and that both sites are in Virginia and Maryland predominantly. And we continue to hold pricing in those particular markets while we are seeing obviously volume decrease is there. So, again I mean that is our business strategy, at Republic it is easy to want a secure volume, but I think in the longer-term airspaces is expensive to build. And we are going to keep the price up, so that we don't have to chase it back up later on.
Leone Young: Right. And knowing there is always exceptions, in general, are you seeing your competitors take the same line, at this point?
James E. O'Connor: Again I can't speak specifically to our competitors, but I would think we are not...our volume loses, when we review them are due to the economy. And we don't see a shifting in market shares. We believe that we are getting our fair share in the markets. And therefore, the only conclusion I can draw is that pricing is competitive.
Leone Young: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: There are not further audio question at this time. [Operator Instructions].
James E. O'Connor: Operator, I think we are going to conclude the call at this stage.
Operator: All right.
James E. O'Connor: Okay,I would like to thank you. And I would like to remind everyone that a recording of the call is available for the next 24 hours by calling area code 203-369-1381. And additionally there is a recording of the call would be available on our Republic's website at republicservices.com. And again I would like thank all of you for participating and spending time with us this morning and have a good day. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter ConferenceCall for Investors in Republic Services. Republic is traded on the New YorkStock Exchange under the symbol RSG. Your host this morning is RepublicChairman and CEO, Jim O'Connor. Today's call is being recorded and allparticipants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer sessionfollowing Republic's summary of quarterly earnings. I will provide you withspecific instructions for questions later in the call. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr.O'Connor. Good morning, Mr. O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Dennis, and thank you. Good morning and thankyou for joining us. This is Jim O'Connor and I would like to welcome everyoneto Republic Services' third quarter conference call. This morning, Tod Holmes,our Chief Financial Officer, and Ed Lang, our Treasurer, are joining me as wediscuss our third quarter performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that someof the information that we will discuss with you today contains forward-lookingstatements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materiallydifferent from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could causeactual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, thematerial that we discuss today is time sensitive. If in the future, you listento a rebroadcast or a recording of this conference call, you should besensitive to the date of the original call, which is November 6, 2007. Pleasenote that this call is the property of Republic Services, Incorporated, anyredistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form withoutthe expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. During the third quarter, we continued to deliver on pricinginitiatives and margin improvement. Our performance exceeded our originalexpectations and we have increased earnings guidance twice this year. Webelieve the current pricing environment is sustainable and the key results forthe quarter were; Republic's revenue grew 2.4% to $806 million. We achievedinternal growth of 2.9% with 4.9% of price improvement and negative 2% volumegrowth. Our third quarter volume growth comparison was impacted by aslow-down in the residential housing construction activity and lower landfillvolumes. Price growth continues to be strong. Core price is up 4%. Price is themost important factor driving increased margins and increased return oninvested capital. Within our landfill business, our core price was upapproximately 3.2% in the quarter. We continue to see sequential improvement inlandfill pricing. As landfill and residential collection contracts renew, weare seeing consistent price increases and a high level of retention. Thebiggest impact on volume growth was in our temporary roll-off business. Residentialconstruction volumes decreased approximately 12%, which is similar to the firsthalf year performance. In addition, residential construction related to C&D andspecial waste volumes, we are down at our rentals. We are still experiencinglow single-digit growth in our commercial construction and permanent roll-offvolumes. Despite the net volume reductions, temporary roll-off pricing hasremained stable. Operating margins, excluding environmental remediationcosts, improved 310 basis points to 20%. This is the first time our marginshave been at this level since the fourth quarter of 2000. We are focused on allcomponents of our cost structure to ensure we remain competitive in ourmarketplace. Republic had a number of significant achievements in thequarter. Our free cash flow for the second quarter was $60 million. During thequarter, we continued to return cash to our shareholders. In the third quarter,we repurchased 4.2 million shares of stock for $127 million. Republic has approximately $207 million remaining under theexisting authorization for share repurchase as of September 30th. Since theinception of our share repurchase program in July 2000, we have repurchasedapproximately $2.1 billion of Republic stock, or 40% of our outstanding shares. During the third quarter, we extended two existing South Florida franchise agreements for up to five yearsat higher pricing. We continue to utilize our return on investment pricing toolon all renewals of franchises and municipal contracts. And at this time, now I'd like to turn the call over to TodHolmes for our financial review of the third quarter.
Tod Holmes: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin my review of the company'sfinancial results by discussing third quarter revenue. As Jim indicated, the third quarter revenues rose 2.4% to $806million from $787 million last year, with internal growth of 2.9%. Total pricewas 4.9% with 4% coming from core price, a decrease of 10 basis points orone-tenth of 1% from fuel surcharges, and an increase from environmental feesof one-tenth of 1%, and an increase from commodities of nine-tenths of 1%. During the quarter, we continued to benefit from our ongoingprice increase strategy in all lines of business. We have been successful in2007, securing price increases to provide adequate returns on our substantialinvestment, and we believe that this trend will continue in the fourth quarterand also throughout 2008. Our total volume declined 2%. Core volume was down 1.9%, andnon-core volume was down one-tenth of 1%. Divestitures accounted for the remainingfive-tenths of 1% reduction in our revenue. Third quarter year-over-year margin: Year-over-yearoperating margins decreased by 100 basis points from 16.9% to 15.9%. However,during the third quarter of 2007, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $32.9 millionor 410 basis points related to an increase in cost to remediate landfills in Ohio and California.The charge increased cost of operations by 390 basis points and DD&A by 20basis points. Excluding this charge, the year-over-year operating margins increasedby 310 basis points from 16.9% to 20%. The key components of our year-over-year margin increase,excluding the landfill charge, are as follows. Truck maintenance, positive 10basis points; health and risk insurance, a negative 50 basis points; fuel, apositive 10 basis points; landfill operating costs, a positive 50 basis points;disposal and subcontracting costs, positive 160 basis points; labor, a positive40 basis points; DD&A, a positive 30 basis points; and SG&A, a positive60 basis points for a total improvement of 310 basis points. Now let me briefly comment on the components of these year-over-yearmargin change. First: Truck Maintenance during the third quarter of 2007 continuedfocus on cost saving initiatives, coupled with improved pricing resulted in amodest reduction in truck maintenance expense. Second, Risk and Health Insurance: Insurance expense duringthe third quarter of 2007 was 5.6% of revenues, which was higher in the thirdquarter of 2006 due primarily to higher medical cost. We continue to believethat risk and health insurance cost, as a percentage of revenue, will be in arange of approximately 5.6% to 6%. Third, Fuel: Our average wholesale price per gallondecreased from $2.80 in the third quarter of '06, to $2.76 in the third quarterof '07. Current fuel prices, however, are approximately $3.16 per gallon. So wewill have a little fourth quarter headwind from fuel. Fourth, Landfill Operating Expenses: During the thirdquarter, we benefited from lower year-over-year landfill operating cost due tolower C&D volumes and improved pricing. Also during the third quarter of2006, we were beginning to see some higher cost at our County-wide facility. The fifth is disposal and subcontracting cost. Again this isour largest cost category for which the impact of improved pricing is clearlyvisible. Also dry weather, particularly in the southeast, helped to lowerdisposal cost by about 40 basis points. Sixth, Labor Cost: During the third quarter we continue tobenefit from modest improvements which, coupled with improved pricing,contributed to our margin growth. Seventh, DD&A: The decrease in DD&A as a percentageof revenue is due to higher year-over-year revenue and improved pricing. And finally SG&A. Third quarter SG&A was 9.5% ofrevenues. This decrease in SG&A is due to lower incentive compensationexpense, which is about 50 basis points. We believe that SG&A as apercentage of revenue will be approximately 10% for fiscal 2007. Looking ahead, as Jim had indicated earlier, we believe thatmargin expansion for fiscal 2007 should be in the range of a 180 basis pointsto a 190 basis points. Now let's turn our attention to the third quarter operatingincome before depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion. Excluding the landfill remediation charges, theyear-over-year operating income before DD&A, increased by $28 million, anincrease of 13.1% from $214 million, or 27.2% in the third quarter of '06 to$242 million or 30% margin in the third quarter of 2007. The last time weachieved 30% EBITDA margins was in the fourth quarter of 2000. Next, I'll discuss free cash flow. Free cash flow for thethird quarter of 2007 was $60 million. This is based on cash provided byoperating activities of a $127 million less purchases of property and equipmentof $69 million, plus the proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of $2million. And that yields the $60 million of free cash flow. Our free cash flow for the nine months ended September 30,2007 was $259 million. This is based upon cash provided by operating activitiesof $470 million, plus purchases of property and equipment of $216 million, plusproceeds from the sale of property of $5 million yielding $259 million of freecash flow. For the nine-months ended September 30th, 2007 the companyactually took delivery of $184 million of capital. The statement of cash flowshows purchases of property and equipment of $216 million. This differencerepresents property and equipment that the company received during 2006, whatwas paid for during 2007. Hence, there is a slight difference between what yousee on the statement of cash flows and what you see or will see in our 10-Q inthe detail for MD&A on the equipment. This reclassification on the statement of cash flow is fromcash provided by operating activities to the purchases of property andequipment. So, free cash flow does not change. We believe the free cash flowfor 2007 will be in the range of $320 million to $325 million, which again, wasour increased guidance that we gave in July of 2007. Items impacting cash balances, during the third quarter of2007, we purchased $4.2 million shares of our common stock for approximately$127 million or $30.30 a share. Actual share account at September 30th, 2007was $187.1 million shares. Republic's balance sheet remains very strong. At September30th, our accounts receivable balance was $320 million and our day-salesoutstanding were 36 days. Net debt is $1.525 billion, which is up modestly from$1.430 billion at December 31st, 2006 and our net debt-to-total capital atSeptember 30th, 2007 is 54%. Now, I will turn the call back over to Jim O'Connor.
Jim O'Connor: Thank you, Tod. As you know, we have taken charges twicethis year related to environmental remediation cost. At our Countywide facilityin Ohio,Republic is in compliance with the Findings and Orders set by the Ohio EPA. Inaddition, we are in full compliance with existing permits and licenses issuedto operate the facility today. Our Countywide facility has experienced higher leachate disposal costs as well as a modification to thesite design to isolate the area experiencing a reaction that generates hightemperatures. We have seen settlement, leachatevolume and heat subsiding in this area of the landfill. But not as quickly aswe saw in laboratory work on the materials disposed off at the facility whichwe had forecasted earlier. Our internal and external landfill engineers have concludeda thorough analysis of the future remediation requirements and reviewed thisinformation with local officials. We believe the additional reserve that wehave booked will cover all future costs. We expect this process to continue forthe next 12 to 18 months. In California,the accrual is related to higher leachate cost thatwill occur until a new onsite treatment facility is operational in 2009. Therewill be no further accruals related to this site. From a cash flow perspective, approximately $21 million ofthe $55 million in landfill charges will be spent in 2007. We will spendapproximately $18 million in 2008 and the remaining $16 million will be spentin 2009 and after. Republic has reported earnings per share for the thirdquarter was $0.35, excluding environmental remediation cost, EPS was $0.46,which is an 18% improvement versus the third quarter of 2006. Our updated EPS guidance for the full year is $1.65 to$1.66, a 19% improvement versus the full year 2006, excluding the remediationcharges recognized this year. We are on track to deliver 180 to 190 basispoints of margin improvement to operating margins. This is consistent with ouroriginal guidance and demonstrates the impact of improved pricing on marginsand returns. Previously discussed our 2007 business objectives arecentered on improving margins by achieving appropriate price increases tooffset inflationary costs and business risks, improving our market position,standardizing significant business processes and rationalizing our coststructure. I'd like to thank all the employees of Republic Services for theirdedication and hard work which has resulted in another strong performance. Operator, at this time, I'd like to open the line forquestions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answersession. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Our first question comes fromJagdeep Ghuman with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Jagdeep Ghuman -Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning.
Jagdeep Ghuman -Credit Suisse: Just wondering, could you touch upon on the fuel recoveryside, what percent of your revenue base has some sort of fuel recovery costbuilt-in in terms of contracts?
Tod Holmes: Outside of our municipal contracts and franchise, we gotabout -- and this is approximately about 60% of our revenue we have discretionover. Now, some of that 60%, obviously, we have some contracts signed thatwouldn't allow us necessarily to pass it through, but it's a small percentage.So of that portion of our revenue, we have a high penetration of fuel surchargerecovery, I'd say probably somewhere around 90%.
Jagdeep Ghuman -Credit Suisse: Okay. And within the municipal and the franchise side, it'sbasically built-in via CPI escalator?
Tod Holmes: The majority of them are built into the index that adjuststhe price in the contracts. We do have and have been successful over the lastyear, year and a half, in amending some of our franchise agreements for fuelsurcharge pass-throughs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Levine with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Scott Levine: Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Scott
Scott Levine: Regarding the quarter, could you comment on what the volumeenvironment roundup is looking like as the quarter progress? Were things fairlyeven moving through the quarter into October, or was there any appreciablechange?
Jim O'Connor: No. I think year-over-year we're still seeing the same sortsof impacts from the residential construction business. We're seeing temporaryvolumes of anywhere from 10% to 15%. I think, in the third quarter compprobably, we're seeing probably the largest impact resulting from our Florida operations,where we've seen significant impacts on the construction business. But again,all reported within that 10% to 15% drop, but the majority of it is beingexperienced in Florida. C&D volumes at landfills are down a comparablepercentage on a year-over-year basis. Third quarter, we're down about 12% orso. But again, we've not seen anything. So I guess when we look at it, we'd saythat the economy is still pretty resilient on our other lines of business andwe're experiencing growth. And sequentially, quarter-to-quarter, on C&Dlandfill volumes in our landfills, we're seeing it to be relatively flat.
Scott Levine: Okay, one follow-up on landfill pricing. Sounds like you'reencouraged by what you're seeing there as well. I was wondering if you couldcomment a little bit more in detail regarding some of the markets you flaggedas focal areas in the Midwest, perhaps in a more competitive urban markets youmentioned in the last call?
Jim O'Connor: Yeah. We still haven't seen much movement in the Canadianwaste pricing. I mean when we look at pricing in Toronto,the independent transfer stations in Torontohave a huge spread over transportation and disposal into the US. And we havebeen trying to eat away at some of that because, again, these are risk assetsand there is a lack of volume in Canada for these kinds of waste. So we haven't seen much price movement there. We've beentrying to move it up in this quarter. We have got a little bit of resistance.The other market was in our Eastern Kentucky operations, predominantly in Louisville, and we haveto see much landfill pricing movement in that particular market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Fisher withRaymond James. You may ask your question.
Bill Fisher: Hi. Good morning
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Bill
Bill Fisher: Jim, I'm just following up on landfill volumes. As you lookout the next few quarters or so on a year-over-year basis, do you start hittingeasier comps from the C&D side, do you anniversary some of the moves, Ithink, you made on special waste, or just what are some of the moving partsthere, basically does that become less of a drag?
Jim O'Connor: Yeah. I think it will become less of a drag as we get into'08, I mean, obviously, unless the economy takes another downturn. But we'restarting to see it flattened out, and maybe even see some modification into thefourth quarter of this year, or some lowering of that in the fourth quarter.But I think, yes, we'll see the comps getting better next year.
Bill Fisher: Okay. And just a follow-up for Tod actually, can you give asense of where the growth or new cap spending will be on '07, and basically ifvolumes stay soft, do you see CapEx being the same or lower in '08, or how dowe kind of think about that?
Tod Holmes: We're not going to comment on '08. We're in the process ofputting together our 2008 business plan. But I would say that our 2007 capitalspending is similar to what we said in our July call, which is in that range ofabout $295 million to $300 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Corey Greendale withFirst Analysis. You may ask your question.
Corey Greendale -First Analysis: Hi. Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Corey.
Corey Greendale -First Analysis: A question for Tod, I was hoping you could elaborate a littlemore on what helped SG&A in the quarter and whether the dollar amount is agood run rate to use going forward?
Tod Holmes: Yeah. Again, in our notes, I think we talked about a 10% runrate on a go-forward basis. Obviously, when we took this charge, it had animpact on incentive compensations for the company. So there's probably about 50to 60 basis points of impact in SG&A as a result of the reduction in theaccrual for incentive compensation.
Corey Greendale -First Analysis: Okay. And Jim, on the uses of cash side, you've already donemore repurchases than at least I have been expecting for the year. Can you justtalk a little bit about maybe first of all would you still be more on Q4potentially, and second of all any meaningful change in kind of the thoughtsabout the uses of cash?
Jim O'Connor: Well, we are going to go into the market on an opportunisticbasis. Basically a query, we accelerated the purchasing as well as the Section16 officers bought stock when the market got pressure in early August, and thestock dropped into the $28 to $29 range. So we are going continue to beopportunistic in our approach to buying, and Tod and Ed Lang meet or converseevery morning to determine what our position is in the market today. So wecompleted every share repurchase and we've got through '08 to do that, so weare going to continue to look at the market and again buy accordingly.
Tod Holmes: I think the broader question of what do we do with the cashin terms of the cash strategy, it's essentially unchanged from what we hadarticulated and what the Board had directed us towards in July, which was,share repurchase continues to be the corner stone for cash distributionstrategy, although we'd obviously move the dividend up. So we continue tobelieve that in today's market that these stock prices given the marginexpansion that we have seen and the opportunity we believe in the sector, theshare repurchase should capture substantial value for our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Ellis withMerrill Lynch may ask question.
Jonathan Ellis -Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning Jonathan.
Tod Holmes: Good morning.
Jonathan Ellis -Merrill Lynch: Just want to talk about overall pricing. I think lastquarter you had talked about expectations for a 4.5% core price growth for fullyear 2007. Wondered if you could talk a little bit about your expectations nowand if that's changed at all with the factors on the deviation?
Tod Holmes: I think may be that we weren't clear Jonathan. I thoughtthat 4.5% was total, but what we are seeing in price is very consistent withwhat we have seen in prior quarters. And again our view, I think as wevealways articulated and as we are seeing, is to try to move pricing outsomewhere around 100 basis points above CPI, and we are able to do a little bitmore than that currently and of course we have a little bit of benefit fromcommodities stepping up this year in the total price at least. But I would say that certainly that 4% range is and the coreprice is achievable.
Jim O'Connor: Yeah. I think right now we are literally experiencing thatthe CPI got 2.8%, so we are 120 basis points above that on the core business.And I think it's evident in what we've earlier said that we can expand marginsand we are expanding margins absent the charge of 180 basis points to 190 basispoints and are still on the track to do that.
Jonathan Ellis -Merrill Lynch: Great. And then my other question is, can you just talk specificallyabout the commercial collection market, either announcing terms where pricingis now or may be directionally, how it's faired versus where it was lastquarter?
Tod Holmes: Jonathan, first of all, in terms of the volume of thatbusiness is continuing to grow modestly, I'd say in that 1% to 2% range. Whenyou look at the pricing side of the equation, where we see the mid single-digittypes of increases. And we are holding the business; we don't see any change inour defection. So as we move forward, we think that's the appropriate place tobe.
Jim O'Connor: Right I mean I think the key part to that is that we aregetting price and the defection rates are flat. So again, and they've been flatfor the last I think six or seven quarter. So, that tells me that the market isexcepting the prices and the sector is still strong and is looking still tomove price out.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comesfrom Leone Young with Citi, you may ask your question.
Leone Young: Yes, good morning, nice quarter.
Jim O'Connor: Thank you.
Leone Young -Citigroup: Obviously, the gross margin was very strong, and as youtalked about due to price. But if you look at that gross margin, is thereanything in there that you would consider somewhat unsustainable besides fuel?
Tod Holmes: Well, I think, we talked about the SG&A in the quarter,so, certainly year-to-date the SG&A is appropriate. The quarter SG&Awas again probably by the 50 to 60 basis point benefit. The other point that Iwould make would be on our disposal side, and we articulated this, I believe inJuly, and continue to see it. The drought down here in the southeast part ofthe country is giving us the benefit in disposal by 40 basis points. So I thinkthose are the two unique items that we've got when we look at the margins.
Leone Young -Citigroup: There is a follow-up to that. If oil prices stay or dieselprices stay where they are do you have a ballpark sense of how that couldpressure margins in the fourth quarter?
Jim O'Connor: Obviously they are moving up. There will be some pressure,but I don't think they are going to be material. We've got the recovery, butthe recovery is mostly dollar for dollar. We are staying right now top of thatLeone, and we are going to still stay with our forecast have been improving themargins upwards to 150 to 200 basis points, right in that range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marshall Reid withBanc of America. You may ask your question.
Marshall Reid: Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Marshall.
Marshall Reid: You talked about renewing contracts at higher prices. Canyou just talk about maybe what kind of price increases you're seeing onrenewals? And I assume, also, you guys were out bidding for new business. Howdoes pricing compare on new business?
Jim O'Connor: Well, I mean, obviously, when we're out looking at newbusiness in the competitive marketplaces, let's say in our commercialindustrial lines, we're moving our pricing up as we're moving pricing out. Sowhen we look at same store sales or pricelist year-over-year, we're movingthose prices up as we're moving price out in the marketplace. So that will beone part of my responsibility. As we get into the municipal and franchise markets, we'reable to renegotiate price increases, because I think when you look at theexpectations within the sector for higher returns and better pricing, themarket's moving up. The contracts that were renewed had anywhere from highsingle digit to low double-digit price increases only because the surroundingmarketplaces had moved up. So, again, when you look at return expectation,we're seeing returns in bidding and bids upwards to anywhere from 17% to 19%returns on average over the term of the contract. I think another factor is fuel. So depending on when thatcontract was originally bid and the terms for fuel escalation, most of thecontracts had just a CPI in there, they needed to be reset for the much higherfuel cost that we see today than we saw four or five years ago. So that's alsobeen a factor moving the price up.
Marshall Reid: Okay. And just a follow-up on temporary roll off. Youmentioned price is stable. How sustainable is that given volume losses in amarket, say, like Florida?And is it possible you guys are losing a little share by holding a line onprice in a temporary roll-off?
Jim O'Connor: We don't believe we are. I mean, from our fieldreconnaissance, it says we're not. I think those are probably better questionsasked of our competitors than us. Based on our reconnaissance, we'd say no. And is it sustainable? As I've said when we've been outseeing investors, and then out to conferences, if there was going to be animpact we would have seen it by now. And the volume decrease here that we'reexperiencing today is just as strong as the commercial decrease we saw back in2001. So there has been no move to market share. We get the isolated blips, butagain it's the nature of our business, but nothing material or nothinguniversally across the company. So we feel, yes, it is sustainable. Now again, that depends on how bad the rest of the economymay get if anybody breaks ranks. But I just don't see that happening. It's toohard to recuperate the price. We've had now almost six years to start torecuperate temporary roll off prices. And I think we're not about to want togive those up at this particular stage.
Operator: Thank you our last question of the day comes from BrianButler with FBR. You may ask your question.
Brian Butler: Good morning.
Jim O'Connor: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: Just on the C&D volumes, especially I guess on theresidential side, can you put an historical perspective, kind of where the levelsare, I mean way back to 2005 levels or somewhere in between, just help me outwith that.
Jim O'Connor: You mean on the pricing or a volume standpoint?
Brian Butler: Really on the volumes side.
Jim O'Connor: Well, our business has grown steadily and dramatically overa two or three-year period. So I would think that our volumes are still,particularly with commercial construction being so strong, holding up abovewhere they were two or three years ago. And I would think that the same sort ofsituation applies on a unit pricing basis because of, again, the higher fuelcosts, the higher steel costs that goes into the containers and trucks andequipment.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the acquisition kind ofmarket, are you seeing any more or less competition for assets out there, andcould you comment possibly on what kind of evaluations you're seeing there oranything, is it starting to look less expensive, more expensive?
Jim O'Connor: During the quarter we may have brought a few million dollarsworth of work. There is really not much on the market. So it's a little hard toget a sense of what the pricing is. But again, we're going to stick to ourpricing disciplines and the financial criterion that we've set for ourselves fiveor six years ago on return on investment and internal rate of return. But no,we don't see the multiples coming down the ones that we are talking to there.They are probably right in that 5 to 5.5 to 7 range, depending on whether it'sa fully integrated asset or a tuck-in. Okay, operator. I think that will conclude today's call. Iwould like to thank everyone for joining us today. I'd like to remind everyonethat a recording of this call is available today and tomorrow by calling203-369-0082. Additionally, recording of the call will be available onRepublic's website at www.republicservices.com. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a greatday.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, that does conclude today'sconference. All parties may disconnect.
